Cowboys defensive tackle David Irving sits on the bench following Dallas' 35-31 loss to the Green Bay Packers at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Jean-Jacques Taylor, Cowboys insider for NBC 5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and host of J Dub City 9 a.m.-1 p.m. weekdays on 103.3 KESN-FM, answered questions during a live chat Monday. Here are some highlights:
Question: If the Cowboys had the No. 1 pick this year, who do you think they would take?
Jean-Jacques Taylor: They would take Bradley Chubb, the pass-rusher from North Carolina State. They've been looking for pass-rushers and he's easily the best of the draft.
Q: If David Irving goes bye-bye and the Cowboys get a second-rounder, could you see them trading up?
JJT: Absolutely. There are some folks within the Cowboys' organization who wouldn't mind seeing Irving leave for that very reason. They could use the second-round pick to move up into the first round, or they could stay put if it was at the top of the second round and grab a key player. I wonder if Indianapolis will make a move for them because they have plenty of cap space and Matt Eberflus is the new coordinator. They were the Cowboys' passing game coordinator last season.
“Of course I take fish oil. I get a big bottle of it every three months at Costco.”
Oh, boy. After last week's juice talk, there were a lot of questions emailed in about supplements and their validity. Eric Malzone and I get asked on a daily basis about which supplements we are taking personally. The answer for most people, unfortunately, is rather disappointing — we take fish oil and vitamin C, and that's it.
That's it? But you guys work out six days a week? Yep, that's all we take.
I spent a good portion of my 20s (and a good portion of my income in my 20s) running back and forth to GNC with a magazine in one hand and my hopes and dreams of gaining 50 pounds of muscle in the other. What did I walk away with usually? You know the old saying about doing something in one hand and wishing in the other? Yep, that pretty much sums it up. I usually bought a lot of expensive nonsense that didn't add a pound of muscle anywhere on my body but did contribute significantly to the amount of time I spent in the bathroom.
Supplementing your diet with vitamins, minerals and even extra protein can be a good idea if you are deficient in those areas after eating a complete diet. Step one, however, is not all that popular. Step one should always be to get your daily intake of vitamins and minerals (not the recommended daily allowance set by your lovely government, by the way — that is the minimum amount necessary to keep you alive) through eating whole foods. Shocking, I know, but eating vegetables and lean meats will give you far more than supplements ever will.
That all being said, Eric and I do highly recommend fish oil supplementation and take fish oil on a daily basis ourselves. We do this simply because we have found, through our own self-experimentation as well as through monitoring the results of our athletes, that fish oil is the best natural anti-inflammatory agent that we know of. (Do a quick Google search on inflammation and the litany of ill health effects that scientists are discovering for which it's at the root.)
There's a catch, though. Fish oil is one of those products in which quality truly does make a difference. This is why we don't want our athletes purchasing any supplement, or even food, for that matter, from major grocery chains or wholesalers.
What makes one fish oil better than another, you ask? Great question. What we're looking for are two separate forms of Omega-3 fatty acid — docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). EPA is required for your body to produce prostoglandins, which are essential for healthy blood clotting and arterial health. DHA and EPA help with many processes, including brain development (60 percent of your brain is made up of fat, and most of that fat is made up of DHA, low levels of DHA have also been linked to depression) and functioning, cell-to-cell communication and most importantly to a serious athlete — regulating inflammation.
When choosing a fish oil, the keys to check are the amount of DHA and EPA present in the product as well as the ratio between the two. Most physicians will say that a healthy ration of EPA and DHA is 2:1 respectively. The amount of DHA and EPA in each capsule or teaspoon of fish oil will cue you in on its potency.
At Crossfit Pacific Coast, we sell and consume a fish oil product with 1,500 to 1,630 mgs or EPA per teaspoon and 1,025 to 1,075 mgs of DHA per teaspoon (compared with Costco's Kirkland brand has a combined EPA/DHA of 300 mgs per capsule). This is obviously a very high concentration, without any fillers or artificial substances.
What positive results do we see from taking fish oil on a daily basis? I won't speak for everyone, but I know that for Eric, myself and the rest of our coaching staff, when we are taking fish oil consistently our old injuries flare up far less often and we recover from workouts much faster. Less pain and faster recovery is exactly what we're after.
If you're not taking fish oil on a regular basis, I highly recommend doing so. If you have questions regarding a particular product, feel free to shoot us an email.
Have at it.
— Traver Boehm is co-owner and coach at Crossfit Pacific Coast, has a master's degree in Chinese medicine, is a licensed acupuncturist at Alki Wellness, and a nutrition specialist. They can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Watch live:
Want to watch Fox 4's newscast? Click here.
MANHATTAN — An explosion struck the Port Authority bus terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square on Monday morning and one person is in custody, the New York Police Department said in a tweet.
The man in custody is injured, police said in a tweet.
The station is one of the busiest commuter hubs during rush hour.
The A, C and E subway lines were evacuated, NYPD Sgt. Brendan Ryan said. The subway entrance on Eighth Avenue and the bus terminal are closed, the Port Authority said in a tweet, adding that there was still police activity in the area.
There are no deaths reported, a federal law enforcement source said.
“Could have been a lot worse,” the source told CNN.
Preliminary information, according to two law enforcement sources, one local and one federal, indicates a pipe bomb may have unintentionally exploded.
A man wearing a homemade device attempted to detonate it, and it either malfunctioned or did not go off the way it was supposed to, according to one NYPD source.
Francisco Ramirez said they heard two explosions as they were exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m. ET. They heard both blasts distinctly even though they were wearing headphones.
“From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing,” they said. “It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere.
“It was scary. It was just a lot of chaos but I didn't see any injuries.”
Marlyn Yu Sherlock was at a retail store on the main floor of the terminal when people began flooding out of the subway entrance, “screaming, running in panic,” they said.
“The PA system was still blaring Christmas carols,” Sherlock said. “It took about four minutes before men in black cop uniforms started shooing people out of Port Authority. As I walked further away from the building, I kept asking the heavily armed cops what it was. They said ‘suspicious package.'”
Police confirm pipe bombing at port authority near subway. Suspected bomber in custody. Two hurt including suspect. @PIX11News pic.twitter.com/0Ueysy3Vov — Anthony DiLorenzo (@ADiLorenzoTV) December 11, 2017
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has flown to the United Arab Emirates on a charter flight sent from Abu Dhabi, just two weeks after visiting Saudi Arabia in a string of controversial trips.
The Sunday visit was the second by Sadr to the Emirates in as many months, Emirati paper The National reported. The aircraft was to fly Sadr back to Iraq upon the conclusion of the trip, presstv.ir wrote.
They talked with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed, Abu Dhabi's crown prince, at a meeting also joined by Emirati Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed and other ranking officials.
The cleric met with Saudi Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman in the Saudi port city of Jeddah on July 30.
Sadr's office said in a statement later that the Riyadh regime had agreed to pay Baghdad $10 million purportedly as aid to rebuild Iraq. According to London-based The New Arab news website, the Saudis also awarded special visas to members of Sadr's office for this year's Hajj pilgrimage.
Sadr, who enjoys a sizable grassroots following in Iraq, has been avowing views which clash with those of the central administration and, at points, even opting for direct opposition to the ruling authorities.
Last March, they started a sit-in inside Baghdad's Green Zone to force the government to enact certain “reforms.” Their supporters have also been holding several rallies in the Iraqi capital.
In April, they called on Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to resign in the face of foreign-backed militancy, despite Baghdad's refusal to take position on the conflict.
Also, after visiting Saudi Arabia, the cleric said Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi had to either “integrate into the army the disciplined members” of the Hashd al-Sha'abi forces or put them under severe government control. Sadr had also called on Iraqi authorities to “seize the arsenal of all armed groups,” without elaborating further.
Hashd al-Sha'abi volunteers, who include Shia, Sunni, Christian and other members of the Iraqi society in their ranks, have been key to the country's recapture of cities and towns from Daesh terrorists in recent months.
Baghdad has integrated the fighters into its armed forces, and Abadi has categorically ruled out potential dismantling of the force.
The mood of Irish companies improved this spring, but many remain in the dark about the potential impact of Brexit, the latest business sentiment index from KBC Bank and Chartered Accountants Ireland has found.
Business activity continued to grow in the first quarter of 2017, albeit at a slightly slower pace, as the Irish economy defied fears of a marked slowdown.
Companies reported ongoing and healthy growth in their activity levels, although there was some easing in the pace of both hiring and output.
“The reality of early 2017 has not been as difficult as was feared,” the report by KBC Bank Ireland chief economist Austin Hughes found.
As a result, the reading on the index climbed to 110.6, up from 104.6 in the previous quarter. This marks the third successive improvement in business sentiment following a sharp weakening last summer.
Concerns about the impact of Brexit linger, however, and confidence remains lower than levels seen in late 2015.
A “small number of companies” have been finding conditions “a little tougher of late”, with Brexit and weak demand the most frequently cited worries.
Recruitment difficulties
More firms also noted difficulties recruiting suitable employees for open positions, although companies remained cautious about their hiring plans in general.
The slight easing in the pace of growth in the first quarter was particularly obvious in areas such as construction and consumer spending, where exceptionally strong gains had been reported in the previous quarter. The number of companies in the food sector reporting weaker conditions also exhibited “a clear jump”.
The index is based on the responses of 352 senior executives – mainly chief executives, managing directors and finance directors – at Ireland's leading companies.
While Brexit concerns are felt widely, the expected impact and level of preparedness for the UK's departure from the European Union varies widely, even between companies in the same sector, said Mr Hughes.
“Only 21 per cent of firms says they have a strong sense of the likely impact of Brexit on their business, but it is concerning that 27 per cent have little sense of the potential effects,” they said.
Some 40 per cent of companies has already taken action in response to last June's referendum result. In many instances, this took the form of a reaction to the effect of a weaker sterling on their business.
However, while 31 per cent of firms said sterling weakness was having a negative impact on their business, 13 per cent said it was helping theirs.
“These results highlight the complex nature of our economic links with the UK and underscore the major risks in a ‘one approach fits all' policy in relation to Brexit,” the report warns.
Chartered Accountants Ireland chief executive Pat Costello said the survey suggested 2017 had started positively for Irish companies.
“The rise they are seeing in their own business volumes, allied to better than expected news on the broader Irish economy, is now translating into improving confidence.”
Over five-and-a-half years, the MV Dara wreck lying 20 metres below the surface has become a hub of marine lif
Over five-and-a-half years, the MV Dara wreck lying 20 metres below the surface has become a hub of marine lif Image Credit: Courtesy: Sharjah Aquarium
Sharjah: Teams of scuba divers on Sunday joined a campaign to remove garbage from a large shipwreck off the coast of Sharjah that has become a marine habitat over the years.
The cargo vessel MV Dara exploded and sank in April 1961, a disaster that claimed the lives of 238 people.
Twenty divers from Sharjah Police and the Emirates Diving Centre travelled from Sharjah Aquarium to the scene of the wreck. There, they dived to retrieve more than 300kg of garbage, including old fishing nets.
The annual Beach Clean-Up was organised by Sharjah Museums Department.
Over the course of five-and-a-half years, the MV Dara wreck lying 20 metres below the surface has become a hub of marine life, as well as a popular dive site.
“The sinking of the MV Dara was a terrible tragedy at the time, and everyone at Sharjah Museums Department continues to pay our respects to those who lost loves ones,” said Manal Ataya, director-general of the Sharjah Museums Department. “Over the course of time, the wreck has spawned new life and has become a vital part of the marine ecosystem in our waters.”
The Sharjah Museums head thanked the people who volunteered their time for the cleanup, and praised the skill and dedication of the divers.
“Today, we wanted to honour the importance of volunteering and environmental responsibility as set out in the UAE Year of Giving by focusing our annual beach clean-up on preserving such an important site. It is a reminder that we must preserve our natural marine environment for future generations to enjoy,” they said.
Each year, museum department authorities choose a different location in need of waste removal.
This year, the team chose to focus on the MV Dara after conducting an earlier site visit and realising that the wreck was in urgent need of cleaning. They also wanted to highlight the story behind the wreck.
In the weeks running up to the initiative, Sharjah Aquarium conducted workshops for schools and families in which children were taught about recycling and the importance of preserving marine life.
“The message we want to send out from this event is that our marine environment part is part of our heritage and should be kept clean and in good health,” said Rashid Al Shamsi, Sharjah Aquarium's curator.
“We also want fisherman to understand that while they are an important part of society, they must avoid discarding their old nets in open water.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Three suspects were charged Tuesday with kidnapping two people from a Los Angeles home and holding one of them naked in a bathtub for 30 hours while demanding the other pay a $10,000 ransom, prosecutors said.
Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were charged with kidnapping, assault with a firearm and other offense in connection with the May 3 incident. It was not immediately clear whether they had attorneys who could comment on the allegations
Neal's arrest at gunpoint by Los Angeles police officers on Monday was captured on video by a bystander and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter. It wasn't immediately known when the others were taken into custody.
Prosecutors allege the trio went to Daisy McCrackin's home in South Los Angeles on May 3, where they say Stewart pistol-whipped a man who was in the home, Joseph Capone. The three then placed bags over the two victims' heads and drove them several miles to Jones' home in Compton, prosecutors said.
Once they were at Jones' home, the suspects forced Capone to strip naked and then held them in a bathtub for 30 hours without food, prosecutors allege.
Investigators said Jones and Neal then took McCrackin's car and drove them to several different banks while demanding they pay $10,000 for Capone's release.
Eventually they were forced to write a $10,000 check to Neal, prosecutors said.
The next day, they brought McCrackin — an actor who has appeared in several films including the horror flick Halloween: Resurrection — back to their home, where they escaped from them and called police, authorities said.
Jones and Neil were being held on $1 million each and Steward was being held on more than $2 million bail, according to prosecutors. If convicted, they each potentially face sentences of up to life in prison.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NBC 7's Mackenzie Maynard spoke to the family of Dreivon Young, a man who died after losing consciousness and crashing into an El Cajon building. (Published 28 minutes ago)
Vigil for Man Who Died After Crashing Into El Cajon Building
The family of a man who died after crashing into an El Cajon building has planned a vigil to celebrate their spirit.
Police believe Dreivon Young, 46, lost consciousness behind the wheel of their truck before they drove through a parking lot and crashed into a structure on the 1400 block of Cuyamaca Street on Monday.
Young was transported to the hospital where they later died.
Lisa Dennison, the mother of Young's three sons, said they drove to the scene immediately after being notified by a neighbor who recognized Young's truck in pictures from the scene.
Man Slams Truck into El Cajon Building in Fatal Crash
NBC 7's Ashley Matthews is at the scene of the crash where a man died after losing consciousness behind the wheel and driving into a building. (Published Monday, Jan. 29, 2018)
“He used to come over, you know, and see my sons a lot. So where I live, everyone knows their truck” Dennison explained.
Dennison and Young were together for 6 years and in that time had three sons. They've remained friends for over 20 years.
They told NBC 7 that they are trying their hardest to stay strong for their children.
“I try to hold my feelings back where they don't see me cry or whatever," they said. “So every night I come up and light their candles."
A memorial near the boarded up windows where the truck crashed has been growing throughout the week. Dennison said they feel like they are still in shock.
“His truck really went through this building?” Dennison said, looking at the crash site.
Dennison and their sons are waiting for the autopsy to understand how this horrible accident happened.
Until then, the family is looking forward to a vigil planned Saturday at 6:00 p.m. at 1417 Cuyamaca Street.
“I just want everyone to smile and look up and know they all came -- Dreivon, we all came here to see, to feel your spirit and just be happy you know."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett felt splashing out millions of pounds in the January transfer window would have been a wrong move by Derby County.
The Rams brought in striker Cameron Jerome from Norwich City and attacking midfielder Kasey Palmer from Chelsea.
Jerome arrived in a £1.5m deal that could rise to £2m with add ons.
Palmer is on loan until the end of the season.
Rowett said they are "pleased" with the club's business during the window.
"The window is always the same unless you are just prepared to pay whatever it takes every deal - and you can't do that, economics suggest you can't do that," said Rowett.
Asked if they would like to have done more business, Rowett added: "I think every manager in the Football League would like to have done more business, that is just the nature of it.
"If you go through our squad, we have probably got at least two players for every position. We have got great experience and slightly different options in different positions. I am really pleased with that.
"If I could have signed a top Premier League player as well, then I would have done but did we want to spend between £10 and £15m? Probably not in this window. I think it would have been wrong to do that."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A BINMAN dad of two says they face a £5,000 a year pay cut if they want to carry on working with the service.
The refuse collector, who has worked 15 years on the bins, writes anonymously on the Unite trade union website.
And they say they and their workmates hate seeing rubbish pile up in the street, too.
In the online blog, they insist strike action was very much the last resort for binmen after seeing their pay plummet and jobs under threat.
And they accuse Birmingham City Council of ‘redundancy by the back door' over its plans to scrap 113 leading hand grade three level jobs.
The binman says they face a £5,000 a year pay cut if they want to carry on working with the service.
(Image: Snapperssk)
The alternative, they claim, is an uncertain and probably temporary alternative job in another cash-strapped council department such as parks or housing. The council claims the jobs on offer are as secure as any in the organisation.
“I've been working for Birmingham's refuse service – or the ‘bins' as me and my mates call it – for over 15 years now,” says.
“I say mates because that's what my colleagues are. We're a close-knit bunch doing a hard and dirty job serving the people of Birmingham.”
They say the crew picks up 100 bins an hour, taking bins from door to the wagon and back.
“It can be mucky and difficult at times, but we take pride in the vital service we provide,” they say, adding that replacing the essential safety role at the back of the wagon, with the driver using CCTV instead, will increase the risk to staff and the public.
In recent years, they say, the public sector pay freeze and a reduction in the numbers on the bin crew from five to three have placed extra pressure on binmen.
“I've got two young kids, a mortgage and bills to pay,” they add. “My wife works, but it will be a struggle to make ends meet and see us cutting back on everything bar the essentials.
“If I'm going to struggle, I fear for my colleagues whose wage is the only income in their household.
“So, I hope you can put yourself in my shoes and understand why we're taking strike action.
“We don't want to see rubbish piling up in the streets or inconvenience to the people we serve. After all, the people inconvenienced are our friends, our families and our communities. We want to solve this dispute, but bosses need to hear our concerns.
“Until then we will continue to stand up for our livelihoods and the jobs we love to do.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham City-supporting teenager is begging for forgiveness after branding the girlfriend of Ryan Sessegnon a "beached whale".
The vile comments from the 17-year-old were posted on Twitter during the PFA Awards ceremony on Sunday evening.
Fulham star Sessegnon was nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year at the bash.
Mo Salah, from Liverpool, took home the gong for PFA Player of the Year, with Leroy Sané from Manchester City beating Sessegnon to the young gong.
Sessegnon's young partner Lacie Southion as mocked on social media after they appeared together.
The England under 21 wingers was nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year gong alongside Harry Kane, Ederson, Marcus Rashford, Raheem Sterling and Sane.
Among the tweets, the Fulham star's partner branded a "rescued beach whale" by football-mad Dan Paxton, also 17.
Paxton has now issued an apology for the awful tweet - and insists they only joined in after seeing others mock Lacie.
"I was just messing around, it was a bit silly and I deleted it. It was nothing malicious and I'm sorry," they told the Mail.
"It really was a stupid thing to do. I am sorry to anyone who was offended.
"I'll be careful about what I tweet in future. I deleted it with one click of a button and it's gone."
However this morning the Birmingham City-supporting teen was getting some abuse of their own - especially from Fulham fans.
Despite Sessegnon being the first ever player outside the Premier League to be up for the prize, that didn't stop critics finding something to slam the couple about.
But the vile tweeters decided to send torrents of disgusting abuse towards Lacie, reports the Mirror .
Lacie, who is also 17, arrived locked arms with their beau but trolls took aim at them
Phillip tweeted: "I'd be very embarrassed if that was my GF tbh..."
One troll said: "Someone's had too many of the pre-ceremony snacks."
Another wrote: "Tell the missus they have to go gym if they want to be seen at awards shows together."
Thankfully people also rallied to their defence on social media following the cruel taunts.
Maxine Thurston wrote: "As a Fulham fan, I'm ashamed to read a lot of these responses. She's a beautiful, normal, almost certainly grounded and kind person if she's with @RyanSessegnon and you are all going to ruin them shine.
"Go away and talk about something shallow to people like you. We aren't."
Other Twitter users came to Southion and Sessegnon's defence.
Jftbl said: "Stop being low and mocking her."
And @Energetic Oxlade hit out: "Don't you have anything else to do other than make fun out of someone's girlfriend?"
Sessegnon, who turns 18 next month, scooped the Championship Player of the Year and EFL Young Player of the Year prizes.
One user posted: "Fantastic footballer, gorgeous girlfriend, talented man, big future ahead."
Another added: "People are low lives. Don't you have anything else to do other than make fun out of someone's girlfriend?"
Billy Rodgers passed away Aug. 13, 2017.
Billy was born and raised in Lebanon where they have lived their whole life and was a member of the Church of God. They were called home Sunday at the age of 62. Billy worked and retired from the city of Lebanon in the street and engineering departments.
 They are preceded in death by their father, Otis Rodgers, of Lebanon; mother, Donna Oliver McPeak, also of Lebanon.
 They are survived by their four children, Rachel Rodgers, Tiffany Rodgers, Jason Rodgers and family, all of Lebanon, and Justin Lea and family, of Watertown; brothers, Joe (Anita) Hodges, Robert Rodgers, of Lebanon; sister, Janet Hodges, of California, 11 grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.
They were a great father and grandfather to all and was a great friend to all who knew him.
In lieu of flowers, the family is asking for memorial donations to be made toward their funeral expenses.
Sellars Funeral Home in Lebanon is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-9393.
Dive Brief:
Women and minorities are overrepresented in the total amount of faculty work being done on academic service committees, out-of-classroom mentoring and larger teaching loads.
As part of a pilot program funded by the National Science Foundation, researchers are examining the distribution of faculty service in STEM departments across public systems of higher education in Maryland, North Carolina and Massachusetts to promote institutional transparency of service commitments.
Minorities and women are being asked to serve on committees in the name of promotional consideration at disparate rates, which in many cases, is actually harming their chances for tenure and promotion because it is compromising their publication productivity.
Dive Insight:
Colleges and universities seeking to communicate to their stakeholders that diversity is an institutional priority will need to demonstrate this commitment in faculty and administrative recruitment and retention. These individuals are part of the institutional product which attracts and retains students, earns research funding, and ultimately dictates the viability of the academic business model. Cultivating the happiness of professors translates to success in most areas of higher education business.
In a growing culture of faculty and executives being lured away by competing institutions, anything which makes a current position better than any other they could receive is a win for a campus working to build a faculty roster of stars without interpersonal resentment.
Rugby is mangling its players. So much so that an Irish tech company is producing enough preventative measures to journey deep down into Silicon Valley.
Officially, the sport is not suffering an injury epidemic. According to World Rugby, global injury rates and their severity have plateaued since 2003.
All we are seeing, they tell us, are inevitable “fluctuations” following a British and Irish Lions tour.
This “Lions Spike” has little to do with England and Scotland being almost propless. Nor does it account for battered English number eights, Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes, and can't fully explain why Wales are without 10 probable starters for the Six Nations.
Ireland are doing better than most. Seán O'Brien, Rhys Ruddock, Jamie Heaslip could be the established national backrow but for hip, hamstring, back problems while Jared Payne hasn't played since last summer due to migraines.
This is not just about concussion even if 40 per cent of injuries happens in the tackle. It is everywhere: soft tissue, shoulder reconstructions, exploding knees and the Leinster special, syndesmosis – an ankle operation requiring six weeks' rehab and Josh van der Flier, Dan Leavy, Barry Daly, Isa Nacewa and eventually Garry Ringrose will be right with you.
Joe Schmidt's squad is also shorn of two hookers, Niall Scannell and James Tracy, but the Irish system is clearly working. This can be attributed to the control of minutes on the pitch combined with the expertise of Nick Winkleman – recruited from the elite end of American sport as Irish rugby's recently invented head of athletic performance and science.
Tipping point
Rugby appears to be at a tipping point despite highly skilled professionals laying out effective methods to keep players on the battlefield for longer.
“I had about seven or eight operations on my left knee alone,” said Kevin McLaughlin (33), the former Ireland flanker who was forced to retire in 2015 due to concussion. “Two reconstructions and several cartilage cleanouts. I had my right shoulder reconstructed once, my left shoulder reconstructed twice and all the other contact injuries – rib, concussion – along the way as well.
“Out of a 10-year career I spent just under half of it injured.”
Strangely, McLaughlin doesn't look like Robocop. In fact, he's carving out a career in a growing industry: injury prevention.
Imagine waking up in varying states of recovery from surgery or, on the good days, pounding discomfort. In your 20s. This is rugby today. This is what players do to themselves for our entertainment.
Insurance has become an enormously costly issue.
“The IRFU has every player covered on a blanket policy so there is no issue there but in terms of private insurance – you can have a body part excluded,” McLaughlin explained. “So, for instance, my left knee was excluded from my private insurance policy because I had so many issues with it that they didn't want to insure it. That can happen.”
It's common for players to have private insurance?
“Some players do it.”
Kitman Labs, where McLaughlin is head of operations, is contracted by the IRFU to collate data that identifies injury patterns and recommends methods to reduce them. Their remit covers the Ireland women's squads, provinces and underage systems. All under the watchful eye of Winkleman.
“Nick has come in and done a great job streamlining the provinces so by the time a player is 23 and winning their first international cap, they will have a passport of seven, eight years of data,” McLaughlin explained. “That allows them make the best possible decisions for the individual's optimal training programme.”
France outhalf Morgan Parra will miss the Six Nations opener against Ireland due to a knee injury. Photograph: Billy Stickland/Inpho
Other Kitman rugby clients include three English Premiership clubs – Bordeaux Bégles, the Hurricanes in New Zealand and Natal Sharks in South Africa.
They have discovered that most athletes can reduce soft tissue injuries by training at comparable velocity to how they play games.
“Our philosophy is that you should collect your data and link it to your injuries to understand how they are happening so that you can make better decisions,” said Stephen Smith, founder and CEO (now based in northern California) who in a previous lifetime was Leinster's head of rehab.
McLaughlin said: “For instance, a prop – Cian Healy – doesn't need to do the same high-speed running in training camp as Rob Kearney but maybe they need to do more contact work to build up their resistance. One of the trends we are seeing is actually doing more in training has a preventative effect and a protective effect over players when they play the games.”
Makes sense.
Donncha O'Callaghan recently provided their perspective from behind the scenes at the Worcester Warriors.
“You wouldn't believe the contact level at training now,” said O'Callaghan on Newstalk. “You chat with the other guys in the Premiership; physicality in training is probably where you pick up most of your bangs and knocks. It's probably two concussions a week . . . It's also other fractures and breaks due to training. The players' union needs to look at the training loads.”
Smith said: “If a club was having two players a week concussed from doing either too much contact or specific contact-related drill, our system would help to identify that and showcase that as high risk, thus allowing coaches to make informed decisions as to the appropriate amount of contact.
“Determining the sweet spot for training is a real balancing act, to totally prevent injuries in training you could jog around and do no contact but then the risk of game injuries would skyrocket by under-preparing athletes.”
World Rugby states that at least 75 per cent of a player's activity is on the training field, with chief medical officer Dr Martin Raftery saying “players should be managed on an individual basis as the data suggests players returning from injury and players exposed to sudden changes in training appear to be at a higher risk of injury”.
Kitman Labs agrees. “I think the use of all this data and technology is part of the problem,” said Smith. “Zoom back to 2007 at Leinster. We didn't have GPS technology. We had a stopwatch and were clocking the time somebody would spend on the training field and games. We'd calculate very simple workloads from that.
A contact is exposure. It's a higher chance of someone getting injured. So, every time a player goes into contact it increases the risk of injury
“Now, we have every single step they take, every twist and turn, every time they bump into each other or take a collision, every time they jump and land. We measure everything. What has that led to? It means teams have hundreds of data points on their athletes every day.
“I think we are over-decisioning on our athletes. Coaches see somebody [via the data] doing more than last week and, fearing fatigue, might reduce their workload.
“They are assuming doing more increases risk. What we are finding from the analysis is that athletes hitting higher scores in training actually leads to fewer injuries.
“Because the game is so fast these guys need a certain stimulus from how they train all week, they need to do a certain amount of work to be able to cope with the demands of the game.
“We are arming people with facts not opinions because, you are right, injuries are getting worse in certain teams,” Smith continued. “We see it now with Wales and England – the Six Nations might be a completely different experience for them because of injuries and that would be a shame. The teams that win should be the best teams with the best strategy and attack game. Not the teams that aren't broken the most.”
Pain games
“CARNAGE!” screamed the Sports Illustrated cover in December: “Inside the NFL Season Of Pain.”
In American Football this season, 54 players suffered torn anterior cruciate ligaments. “That's across 30 teams that only play from September to January,” said Smith. “Rugby suffers a fraction of that.”
Also, from the 281 reported concussions – a record since the NFL started sharing such data in 2012 – 56 happened at practice. Similar rugby data is not in the public domain.
Meanwhile, in Europe, the governing body is “closely monitoring” the situation. They state that new rules and the rising ball-in-play minutes since 2015 have not impacted injury rates.
“Guys are so much bigger now,” said O'Callaghan. “I'll be honest, it's gone to the point where nearly every game you come off and you're okay, you're thankful.”
The club game in England has seen an increase in the severity of injuries.
“There seems to be a lot of talk in the English Premiership about collision-based injuries and there has definitely been an increase based on looking at the stats,” said McLaughlin.
“When I first started playing [in 2007] if you hit 20 rucks, made 10 tackles and five carries that would be standard for a backrower. Now, look at Josh [van der Flier]'s stats: 36 tackles in a game and they probably hit about 40 rucks and carried the ball about 10 times as well.”
McLaughlin simplifies the issue: “A contact is exposure. It's a higher chance of someone getting injured. So, every time a player goes into contact it increases the risk of injury. That has definitely changed over the last 10 years. Without a shadow of a doubt.”
More risks
The Sunday Times printed 11 letters in their sports section last weekend. Seven were in reaction to a Stephen Jones article on rugby injuries. “It is inevitable that a player will be killed on the field,” wrote one reader. “Injury levels will become epidemic and long term, chronic injury will become the norm.”
Smith, working at the coalface, states that World Rugby has been proactive when it comes to injury prevention: “I don't know if I would say there is a massive epidemic in rugby today. Certainly there are rule aspects that mean there are more risks.”
Smith mentions Seán O'Brien's shoulder dislocation – presumably against Ulster in December 2013 – at the breakdown. “His arms are extended and completely exposed so when someone comes in and hits them at a 45-degree angle it is the perfect way to dislocate a shoulder. But, at the same time, that's rucking.”
World Rugby says less than eight per cent of injuries is ruck related. So no problem there either.
The ultimate goal of professional sport will never change.
“The only thing I ever cared about in Leinster was winning,” McLaughlin added. “What we are trying to do is provide objective data to back up decisions coaches are making. Sometimes the right thing to do is to take risk and the player and coach will agree to that. It is the best thing for the team as it gives them the best chance of winning because that's what is most important. ”
Injured Six Nations (players recently selected by country):
Ireland
Niall Scannell – hooker
James Tracy – hooker
Dave Kilcoyne – prop
Rhys Ruddock – flanker
Sean O'Brien – flanker
Jamie Heaslip – number eight
Garry Ringrose – centre
Jared Payne – centre/fullback
Italy
Ornel Gega – hooker
Marco Fuser – lock
Angelo Esposito – wing
Leonardo Sarto – wing
Michele Campagnaro – centre
England
Matt Mullan – prop
Beno Obano – prop
Kyle Sinclair – prop
Ellis Genge – prop
Tom Curry – flanker
Nathan Hughes – number eight
Billy Vunipola – number eight
Elliot Daly – wing/centre
Henry Slade – centre
Semesa Rokoduguni – wing
Wales
Jake Ball – lock
Sam Warburton – flanker
Dan Lydiate – flanker
Toby Faletau –number eight
Rhys Webb - scrumhalf
Jonathan Davies – centre
Hallam Amos – wing
George North - wing
Liam Williams – fullback/wing
Dan Biggar - outhalf
Rhys Priestland – outhalf
Scotland
Richie Gray – lock
Ross Ford – hooker
Fraser Brown – hooker
George Turner – hooker
Zander Ferguson – prop
WP Nel – prop
Darryl Marfo – prop
Allan Dell – prop
Al Dickinson –prop
Alex Dunbar – centre
France
Fabien Sanconnie – flanker
Loann Goujon – flanker
Judicaël Cancoriet - flanker
Morgan Parra – scrumhalf
Camille Lopez – outhalf
Wesley Fofana – centre
Damian Penaud – centre
Noa Nakaitaci – wing
Gabriel Lacroix – wing
Brice Dulin – fullback
Dude of the day : Joey Gallo hit a long home run. It came after their batting average for the season had dipped below .200. It happened after the Rangers were down by 12 runs. It was as good as it got for the Rangers.
What you need to know : The Rangers frittered away their opportunity for a big inning and the Astros didn't. So, instead of completing a sweep, the Rangers took a beating Wednesday night. Houston scored 11 runs over the fifth and sixth innings against Andrew Cashner, Jeremy Jeffress and Tony Barnette to crush Texas. It ended the Rangers' five-game winning streak and dropped them back below .500 to 32-33.
Rotation report: Stats analysts would suggest that the 3.17 ERA Andrew Cashner brought into game was more a result of "luck" than any specific skill. That's because despite having more walks (30) than strikeouts (29), he'd basically gotten out of jams due to players making plays behind him. The data suggests the number eventually equal out. Thus, Wednesday. They allowed 10 hits and a walk in four-plus innings and eventually could not escape trouble. The four inning outing matched their shortest of the year.
Did you know? Joey Gallo's 466-foot home run in the seventh inning was their longest of the year. According to MLB.com's statcast system, it was tied with a Manny Machado homer for the 11th longest in the majors this season. Gallo's previous long this season was 462 feet on April 21.
OTHER STUFF
Turning point: Baseball rarely seems to have a definitive turning point in a game, but the fifth inning certainly seemed to be a pivotal moment Wednesday. The Rangers loaded the bases with no outs and managed to get only one run -- that on a wild pitch -- to cut the Houston lead to 2-1. In the bottom of the inning, the first three Astros all reached and two scored to give Houston back a more commanding lead.
End of the road? The Rangers will need to make some roster adjustments over the weekend with the likelihood of Tyson Ross, Carlos Gomez and Mike Napoli all returning. It may force the club to shed yet another productive reliver from the 2016 season: Tony Barnette. They failed to retire any of the four batters they faced and was charged with three runs. He's given up runs in each of their last four outings (eight in 4.1 innings) and has a 9.19 ERA since May 1. The Rangers could potentially option them to the minors.
The beat goes on: The Rangers struck out 14 times Wednesday, extending their streak of games with at least eight strikeouts to 19 games. It is the second longest in history behind a 28-game streak by Houston in 2013. The Rangers have struck out at least eight times in 47 of their 65 games this season.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's Jack Grealish has been warned by Steve Bruce that they risk becoming a "circus act".
Bruce was unhappy with the way Grealish remonstrated whenever they were challenged by an opponent in Villa's 1-0 defeat at Cardiff City.
The claret and blue boss believes Grealish does need more protection - but has told the winger to stop waving their arms around.
"He's a very decent player," Bruce told BBC Radio WM.
"He has to be careful that they don't turn into a circus act, waving their arms around every time they get challenged.
"We don't like that. On the continent they put up with that all the time.
"But we have to try and protect him.
"There are a number of times where they're kicking them and every time they get it they get kicked.
"But I've just said to them there they cant just keep waving their arms around because we don't want to see it in this country.
"We don't want to see it from one of our really good young players that in the end they get booked and it puts you on a knife edge. But he'll learn. He's only young."
"He's got to learn not to react like they do.
"The arms rolling around and the rest of it - we're English and we don't accept it.
"All good players get kicked and they have to accept that will happen.
"We don't want to see the reaction that gets everyone else going.
"Everyone can see he's a good player so just let their football do it for him."
The state budget that passed the Legislature last week contains language that could gut the California Public Records Act, the 1968 law that requires “the people's business” to be conducted transparently and ensures that the public has access to most government records.
The Democratic-controlled Legislature approved the $96.3 billion budget Friday, with state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, and Assemblyman Das Williams, D-Santa Barbara, voting for the bill. Assemblyman Katcho Achadjian, R-San Luis Obispo, who represents northern Santa Barbara County, voted against it.
Gov. Jerry Brown is expected to sign the legislation soon, ensuring the budget is enacted by its July 1 deadline.
Tucked into the bill, however, is a key amendment that could severely hamper the public's ability to track government spending and hold local officials accountable.
Senate Bill 71 makes portions of the Public Records Act process optional for local government agencies. If the agencies choose not to comply, they won't have to respond to a public request for information within 10 days or provide any reason for taking longer than 10 days, or they can deny the request altogether. Under the bill, they also can choose an alternate format to release information that is available electronically.
“This is an outrageous loophole for government transparency,” Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen said. “While claiming to pinch pennies in a $96 billion budget, legislators are instead making it easier to hide government activities from taxpayers, from the media and from watchdog organizations.
“The public has limited recourse against the formidable power of government, but the requirement of transparency generally makes it a fair fight.”
Under the legislation, local agencies are “encouraged” to follow the Public Records Act “as best practices,” but any agency can merely announce that it will not be compliant at its first regularly scheduled meeting after Jan. 1, 2014, and annually afterward.
The bill takes effect as soon as Brown signs it, however, so government agencies that are predisposed to withholding information could do so now, and not declare it until January, noted Jim Ewert, general counsel for the California Newspapers Publishers Association.
“It's a little disconcerting to say the least, and that's putting it lightly,” they said.
Ewert and their organization hope to sit down with legislators and stakeholders to “try and clean this up,” but they don't have much time before the budget's deadline at the end of the month.
“For agencies that decide they no longer want to follow these provisions in the act, it's going to create a very difficult situation for both the public and the agencies,” Ewert said. “I think this is going to be a litigation cauldron because nobody's going to know what the scope of the provisions are.”
Eliminating the requirement for agencies to provide electronic records will allow local governments to limit data access, according to the First Amendment Coalition, a nonprofit public interest group.
Data can be produced in formats that are unusable in databases, perhaps as PDF files instead of Excel files, even if the agency already has the data in the requested format, First Amendment Coalition members wrote in a commentary piece against the SB 71 language.
The bill also could eliminate the requirement for agencies to help people with their requests for information, and give no reason for denying a request. If someone asks for information that an agency argues is exempt, it starts a dialogue about the information and how to request information that is legally available, Ewert said.
“Now, the only way a requester is going to know about that is if they or they sue!” they said. “And agencies can't be too fond of that either.”
Brown and the Department of Finance argue that the state shouldn't have to reimburse local agencies for processing these requests, but Ewert said the administration never identified a figure associated with savings for this policy change.
“We can't even do a cost-benefit analysis because there's no number!” they exclaimed.
Jackson, who co-sponsored the bill in the Senate, said the measure shifts the cost for maintaining local records to local governments instead of the state, but doesn't suspend the Public Records Act itself. They said the state currently reimburses local agencies for the cost of their compliance, which they said amounts to “tens of millions of dollars” annually, without much accountability on the real cost to local communities for providing the services.
The Legislative Analyst's Office didn't have “an exact number” on this, they said.
“The two major portions of the act — assistance in seeking public records and the notification requirement — were both bills that were passed while I was in the state Assembly and I supported both of them,” Jackson said. “I and probably most of the people here do support access to public records; this simply shifted the fiscal responsibility.”
Local governments can still charge reasonable costs for copies and processing fees, as they already do.
Jackson acknowledged that the Public Records Act will be optional for governments to follow in the future.
“It's optional to the extent that local jurisdictions are urged to do best practices and if they choose not to, they'll have to answer to the local community,” they said.
Jackson, who supported the fight against an unsuccessful proposal by Brown to charge the public a $10 per file court records fee, said accountability should be a priority, but the state can't afford to pay for local governments to provide records.
“It's a compromise document, that's the nature of politics,” they said.
Williams said they doubt many government agencies will change their process, especially with pressure from constituents.
“I'm less than thrilled, but the Commission on State Mandates determined that this category of mandates would be state-reimbursable,” Williams said. “If the legislature hadn't taken this step, they would have had to reimburse cities and counties for Public Record Act requests which, you know, the state can't afford.”
They said it came down to priorities, and the “extremely responsible budget” prioritizes public education.
“There was a choice between rolling back the cuts that have happened to community colleges and local schools, and paying for public information requests, and for me that's a pretty easy choice.”
But Macfadyen argued that legislators have no right to make compromises with the public's access.
“California's Public Records Act was passed in 1968 to make sure the people's business is conducted in full view of all, and voters added it to the state Constitution in 2004,” they said.
“For Sacramento to turn around and defy the public's will is a chilling development that threatens the rights of all Californians.”
The City of Santa Barbara plans to continue replying to Public Records Act requests as usual, said Marcelo Lopez, assistant city administrator.
“We're planning to stay in compliance and honor the way we have replied to requests for public information in the past,” they said.
“If we have the information, we'll provide it to you.”
Goleta Mayor Roger Aceves wasn't aware of the specifics included in SB 71, and said they would be checking with city staff to get more information. They noted that the City of Goleta prides itself on being transparent and responding to record requests in a timely manner.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
by
Have a car you love and want to show people? Bring it to Fountain Park in Chestertown the third Thursday of every month, between 6 and 8 p.m. (weather permitting) and meet other car owners who share your enthusiasm for classic, antique or other special cars!
Jon and Barbara Slocum of Chestertown have joined forces with Chestertown's Main Street program to bring this special event to town. This Thursday, Aug. 17, will be the first of what they hope will become a regular series of meet-and-share occasions for everyone who appreciates a fine car of any make or vintage. Come on down and see what it's all about!
A Few Simple Rules to Abide By.
☞ No burnouts, loud engine revving or display of speed
☞ Being courteous to all other driver and pedestrians
☞ Respect each other's property/space
Where You Can Park.
Parking starts at the Fountain Park and wraps around to the parking in the adjacent lots in front of, to the side of, and onto High Street. Just looking? Parking Up on High Street or on the side streets is a great alternative. This is definitely not the place to take up more than one space per vehicle. Parking can fill up quickly; please be aware that the earlier you arrive, the more likely you will be to get a parking spot.
Be Safe. Be Respectful.
The roadways in and around High Street are not a part of a mislabeled “Autobahn” – they are our community roads that connect neighborhoods. Please treat them as such. Noise complaints, disrespectful behavior, engine revving and burnouts and similar acts do nothing positive for the local car community and typically result in only the car meet's suffering while the offending parties drive away unscathed. Please respect not only the communities in the area, the roads there and the dedicated police officers patrolling the area, but also respect your fellow car enthusiasts by doing your best to dissuade others who may engage in behavior that can and will result in the closure of this gathering.
Sponsored by Chestertown's Main Street Program.
###
The second phase of the Brexit talks is just kicking off. And just as we had come to terms with the jargon during the phase-one talks – all becoming experts in regulatory alignment, the single market and the customs union – we now face into a whole new lexicon. Welcome to the world of Canada-plus, transition agreements, bespoke arrangements and even, if you're brave, rules of origin and the Turkish customs union.
The much quoted passage, thought to have appeared first in a US educational textbook in the 1950s, is relevant. It goes: “The answers we have found have only served to raise a whole set of new questions. In some ways we feel that we are as confused as ever, but we think we are confused on a higher level and about more important things.”
In this spirit, here is what we know . . . so far.
The talks will now break, roughly, into three different bits. But remember that, to use the old cliché, nothing will be agreed until everything is agreed.
1. Turning what was agreed in December into a formal deal
To recap, in December the phase-one talks agreed on issues relating to the UK's departure . The main headings were citizens' rights after Brexit, “Irish issues,” including the Border and the UK's financial commitments to the EU as it left. The challenge is turning what was a political agreement into a formal, binding legal text – the withdrawal agreement. In particular, the Irish Government will want to see the agreement on the Irish Border reflected in a way which it feels is as bulletproof as possible. The problem is that the December deal was a fudge, albeit one offering some negotiating advantage to the Irish Government. If the UK continues to insist that it will leave the EU trading bloc – the single market and customs union – then it is very difficult to avoid the return of some Border checks. Much of the lexicon of this debate is already familiar.
Words to watch out for
The single market: The first key building bloc of the EU's trading system, designed to allow free movement in goods, services, capital and people by ensuring the same rules and regulations apply. This means, for example, that checks at borders are not needed to confirm that rules of origin – ensuring goods are from where they say they are from – and safety standards in areas like food are respected.
The customs union: The second key element of the EU trading bloc, under which all EU members agree to trade with no barriers and apply the same rules and tariffs to goods coming in from outsider the EU. A tariff is also known as a customs duty and is a special tax imposed on an import into a country.
Regulatory alignment: If no other way emerges to stop the return of a hard Border between the North and the Republic, the UK promised to ensure “full alignment” with the rules and regulations of the customs union and single market to protect the all-island economy, North-South co-operation and the Belfast Agreement. There is scope for a row on what this means.
Bluffer's phrases
Junior cert: “If the UK leaves the single market and customs union, it will be hard to avoid the return of a hard Border.”
Leaving cert: “The ambiguity of the agreement on the Border in December could come back to haunt the talks.”
Arch-Brexiteer Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg (right, with Ukip's Nigel Farage) warned that the UK would, under the EU proposals, be a “vassal state” during any transition period. Photograph: Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
2. The transition agreement
The UK will leave the EU at 11pm on Friday March 29th, 2019. Much of the detail of its future relationship with the EU will remain to be worked out. So both sides agree that a transition period is needed, when the UK will remain in the EU trading bloc, continue to make contributions to the budget and be subject to EU rules and courts. The political difficulty bit here for London is that this means continuing to abide by EU rules and the EU courts, even when having no input into framing any new ones . Already there are tensions about whether the UK will take EU immigrants during the transition on the same terms as now.
The EU has proposed that the transition agreement runs until December 2020 and has more or less offered the UK a take it or leave it deal.
Words to watch out for
A la carte: The EU side insists that the UK cannot pick and chose during the transition phase – it has to be all in, applying all the current rules and regulations rather than picking and choosing. “The single market cannot be a la carte,” EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier said.The EU view is that it should be a status quo transition with the UK remaining fully signed up to EU rules and regulations in what is called the acquis, which is the accumulated body of legislation and court decisions which lay down how things run.
Third country deals: The UK wants to negotiate new trade deals with third countries – countries outside the EU like the US, Brazil and so on – during the transition phase. The EU may allow this to happen, but only on the understanding that no new deal comes into force until after the end of the transition period. In the meantime, the UK – and the EU – are going to approach around 60 third countries with which the EU currently has deals, to ask are they happy to continue to trade with the UK on those terms immediately after the UK leaves the EU. There are huge potential complications hidden here, particularly relating to supply chains in sectors such as car manufacturers which cross borders in and out of the EU where complicated rules of origin regulations kick in. There are also hundreds of other agreements covering non-trade areas between the EU and third countries which will have to be sorted.
Vassal state: Arch-Brexiteer, UK MP Jacob Rees-Mogg warned that the UK would, under the EU proposals, be a “vassal state” during the transition period, taking its rules from the EU while having no input around the table.
Bluffer's phrases
Junior cert: “Less than two years will hardly be long enough for the transition phase, with all the stuff that has to be negotiated.”
Leaving cert: “I wonder can the UK keep its trade access around the world after it leaves the EU in March 2019. I see New Zealand is already causing trouble about access for its products.”
French president Emmanuel Macron: UK might find a “special way. Photograph: Eric Feferberg/Getty
3. The future relationship between the UK and EU
The EU and UK will seek to agree how the relationship between them will work after Brexit. The idea is to scope out the principles of this before the UK leaves and negotiate the detail during the transition phase. A lot of the focus will be on trade arrangements, but other areas such as security and defence will also feature. The EU has said it will outline its ideas for a future relationship in March. It has repeatedly called on the UK to do so, but this has not yet happened.
Words to watch out for
A bespoke deal: The UK wants a deal with the EU which suits what it wants, giving access to EU markets for its businesses – including manufacturers and service providers like banks and other financial institutions – while also allowing it trade on its own terms around the world.The EU has indicated this will be difficult, though French president Emmanuel Macron did say this week that the UK might find a “special way,” perhaps hinting at some flexibility. There may be a particular row over financial services, a vital sector for the UK. And the EU's existing trade deals with third countries may complicate the negotiations, as in some cases it will be obliged to offer the same terms to these other countries as it is offering to the UK under the so-called most favoured nation terms.
Cake and eat it/cherry picking : The EU says that the UK is being unrealistic and wants to maintain the advantages of the EU trading bloc, while at the same time escaping its obligations. It insists that the integrity of the single market must be respected – meaning the UK can't retain access to some bits of the single market, without being fully in.
Canada: If the UK does leave the EU trading bloc, then EU negotiators say it could be offered a deal similar to that done with Canada, signed in 2016. This abolishes most tariffs on trade in industrial goods between the EU and Canada, though retains restrictions in agriculture and particularly services. As the UK would seek better access to EU markets than Canada, particularly in financial services, there has been reference to a “Canada plus” or even “Canada plus plus” deal.
Norway: Norway is outside the EU, but is in the single market. It contributes just under €900 million a year to the EU budget. It has full access to the single market in most areas – agriculture and fisheries are exceptions – and abides by the bulk of the rules and regulations. As the UK says it will leave the single market, a Norway-style deal would mean a U-turn. Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has said they would like to see a Norway plus agreement.
Other countries which will be quoted include Switzerland, which has an arrangement with the EU springing from around 100 historical bilateral agreements covering different sectors. The EU is unhappy with aspects of this and a row has broken out over attempts to instal the European Court of Justice as a final arbiter on trade disputes. The Swiss have agreed contributions to EU cohesion funds. Turkey, meanwhile, has a customs union deal with the EU covering most goods, though not agriculture. Though not in the single market, it is not free to pursue its own trade deals with third countries – a red line for the UK.
A “no deal” Brexit: This is the nightmare scenario where the UK leaves without any agreement. If it does happen WTO rules would apply, imposing tariffs on trade between the EU and UK, highest in sectors such as agriculture and imposing customs checks and bureaucracy. There is also the potential for real difficulties in areas such as aviation and pharma, where common regulations apply – and for uncertainty in the financial sector.
Bluffer's phrases
Junior cert: It would be easier if the UK just stayed in the single market and customs union.
Leaving cert: A Canada plus deal might be the most that can be achieved, though if the UK relents maybe it could move towards Norway.
Are robots finally taking over our classrooms? Not quite, but they have entered Irish schools for the first time as part of a new project to monitor the performance of trainee teachers.
Hibernia College, the teacher education provider, has been piloting the use of a new “Swivl” robot with some of its trainees over recent months.
The robot – connected to a smartphone or iPad – rotates and tilts to video the teacher's every interaction with students.
The idea is the teacher can then review the footage of their class later to identify ways of improving.
Leonie Canavan is one of the first trainee teachers to use the new technology in the classroom.
“Everyone hates looking or listening back to themselves – but you get used to it after a while,” they say.
It also took a while for pupils in their third and fourth classes to get used to the idea of a small robot tilting and turning and recording the class.
“The kids were really entertained by it at first . . . I had third and fourth classes, they were all asking questions at first . . . When they realised it was following me, not them, the novelty wore off.”
Teacher-training process
Part of the teacher-training process requires students to assess their own performance in the class.
Hibernia says it noticed this was proving to be a tricky assignment for some students – which is where the robot comes in.
Ms Canavan says they immediately noticed a range of areas where they could improve when they watched themselves back on video.
One was how to wrap classes up more effectively; another was to inject more enthusiasm when praising students.
“You might think you sound enthusiastic in class, but looking back I realised that to children I probably didn't. So, I realised you've to be more enthusiastic in giving positive reinforcement.”
Sean Rowland, founder of Hibernia, says the idea for the project came out of Harvard, where academics have been researching ways of digitising the supervision aspects of teacher training.
Cost-saving exercise
While some might suspect that using technology to monitor teaching standards is a cost-saving exercise, Hibernia's director of primary education Mary Kelly insists it is not the case.
“This is an add-on, it can't be a replacement. We're about quality and producing the best teachers we can. So, they still have face-to-face visits [with supervisors] and get feedback sessions.”
Hibernia College plans to roll out the programme to all students on teaching practice from September, provided the individual schools and parents agree.
As for Ms Canavan, she's comfortable with the technology and wants to use it in the next year of their teacher training.
“None of us likes constructive criticism, it's human nature. But this is a good way of getting better. I'd like to bring it in my next placement and see how I progress.”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey Onyeama, on Tuesday, called for the support of Ms Amina Mohammed, the Deputy UN Secretary-General, in the attainment of Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) .
Onyeama made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sidelines of a send-off organised for Mohammed by the Foreign Affairs Ministry.
“We expect their support in the area of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
“It is a very important goal which covers all the areas of achieving sustainable development in health, education and youth.
“We expect them to help us in the implementation of SDGs, and also to help us to access development funds,” the minister said.
They said that Federal Government had been supportive and would continue to support Mohammed in their career.
According to him, they have the full support and encouragement of the Federal Government, and it will do everything possible to enable them to succeed.
Mohammed also told NAN that Nigeria would benefit immensely from the UN, saying that Nigeria was occupying a position on the world stage, trying to influence the way things were going.
“UN is a big platform for the world, it gives room for everybody; so we will continue to bring around the issue of Nigeria such as the Lake Chad issues and others.
“We are talking about diversifying our economy, gas flaring, all of these and others on energy and resources, other issues may be our focus in the UN,” they said.
The deputy UN scribe said that their focus would also be on the girl-child.
“It is a great responsibility. Now, I know that other women and girls that are growing up can do much more than I can.
“What we are doing is setting one bar for them to set another that opens the door for opportunities, setting one bar for themselves,” they said.
The post SDGs: Minister calls for Amina Mohammed's support appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Video has to be part of your small business marketing mix if you want to compete. And live streaming is playing a bigger role in how video is used. While there are several free options in the marketplace, Vimeo Live has chosen to go with a subscription model that offers much more than its free counterparts.
The Vimeo Live service was launched after the company acquired Livestream and integrated the technology in September of this year. In addition to Livestreams' technology, Vimeo also added a number of features to make the value proposition of the service worth considering.
Until very recently, small businesses didn't use video because of the complexity and cost associated with the technology. But the advent of smartphones and the internet has removed this barrier. However, most small businesses are using the free tools readily available online to make their videos. This has been hit or miss, something you don't want to do if you want to continuously add value to your brand.
In the press release on the acquisition, Jordan Smith, PR Associate at Vimeo, says the company will, “Empower creators to capture, edit, stream, and archive live events, as well as host, distribute and monetize videos, all in one seamless workflow.” This workflow is comprehensive with professional grade tools it will offer your small business to start live streaming.
Vimeo Live Streaming Video
The company describes Vimeo Live as a true end-to-end video solution for professionals, businesses and organizations by combining Vimeo and Livestream.
It starts with best-in-class production tools and services for capturing, broadcasting and editing live events by Livestream. Once the content is captured, Vimeo's streaming technology is used to broadcast live events in full 1080p with built-in cloud transcoding and adaptive streaming.
Content Distribution
Even though the video is live, it can be archived and stored automatically. This makes it possible to use content for future broadcasting. The Vimeo player can also be embedded almost anywhere, allowing you to see who is attending with stats to track performance, as well as enabling live chat and email capture in the player.
Monetization
If you are a freelancer or a small business creating video content regularly, the Vimeo platform makes it much easier to monetize your library. You can offer your videos for rent, purchase or subscription to a worldwide audience. The company said it is going to be integrating over-the-top technology in the future so your live content can be branded across iOS, Android, Roku, Amazon, Samsung, and others.
Access to Professional Grade Technology
With Vimeo Live, your small business will have access to professional grade technology. Everything from the creation to the distribution of your video can be managed under one platform. Anjali Sud, CEO of Vimeo added in the release, “We can empower a diverse range of creators to produce beautiful live experiences with professionalism and ease.”
Can a Small Business Afford Vimeo Live?
Depending on the industry you happen to be in, the answer is yes. Each tier has a successive number of features so you can create, manage, distribute, market and monetize your videos. It starts with Pro Live at $75 per month, Business Live for $300 per month, and Custom Live for $800 per month.
If you are using Periscope, YouTube, Facebook or another solution for free, you may definitely notice a difference.
Sir, – Please allow me to correct the record regarding my letter of May 28th; my time period should have read “a year” and not “a day”.
The most recent available data on the number of annual alcohol-related deaths is 1,055 (Health Research Board, 2013). – Yours, etc,
Prof FRANK MURRAY,
Chairman,
Alcohol Health
Alliance Ireland,
Coleraine House,
Coleraine Street, Dublin 7.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Just in case you were getting bored by all the Bachelor/Bachelorette/Bachelor in Paradise/Bachelor Winter Games drama, don't you worry: ABC is here with something even crazier. The network announced Tuesday that Mike Fleiss, the creator of The Bachelor, is bringing us a brand-new dating show this summer.
It's called The Proposal, and it will be hosted by Jesse Palmer, the former NFL player who was the Bachelor on Season 5. It's 10 episodes long, and each episode features a group of 10 daters competing in four rounds for the heart of a “suitor” or “suitress.” But the twist is that the identity of the “suitor” or “suitress” is kept in the dark, so all 10 contestants don't really know who they're fighting for.
And because this is from the guy who brought us The Bachelor, the challenges are going to be off the wall. There's a “first impressions” round, a “beachwear” round, a Q&A round, and a round to impress a family member. After each round, contestants are eliminated until there's only two left. Then, the top two finally get to meet the “suitor” or “suitress,” and offer what ABC calls “a romantic proposal of their choice.”
Obviously, ABC is hinting that a marriage proposal could be an option here, but it could also just be a “proposal” to grab a coffee sometime. You know, since they literally just met. And even host Jesse Palmer didn't propose at the end of their Bachelor season!
Fleiss weighed in on Twitter, saying the show is “gonna be fun,” and also promised Bachelor Nation that Bachelor in Paradise will also air this summer. No word about whether Ryan Reynolds and Sandra Bullock are going to be involved, though they obviously should be.
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. Their ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. They won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange, saying the incumbent has their "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to their campaign bus in the final days, and in their closing ad they echo Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area member of congress hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and they haven't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
The upper house of the German parliament, the Bundesrat, has sent a draft bill to the Bundestag – the lower house – that if approved would raise this year's onshore wind auction volume by 1.4GW.
The draft bill aims to make construction licences mandatory for auction participants in 2018 and 2019 and allow the re-auctioning of capacity that is not developed.
Related Stories German bill moots onshore boost
11 Jan 2018
Berlin raises onshore price cap
29 Nov 2017 It aims to address concerns within the wind industry about a slowdown in construction towards the end of the decade.
A total of 5.3GW was built in 2017, but only 3.5GW expected this year.
Some 2.8GW of capacity was awarded in last year's auctions, but timelines are uncertain as all but 100MW was secured by community projects that have until 2021 to build.
The Bundesrat, which represents Germany's federal states, has approved the bill, but the Bundestag has yet to vote on the proposal.
Image: Pixabay
Villanova's unbeaten start now includes a No. 1 ranking in the AP Top 25 , while Arizona State is making a rapid rise into the top 10 under third-year coach Bobby Hurley.
After a tumultuous week in which unanimous No. 1 Duke and No. 2 Kansas lost, the Wildcats (10-0) earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State and reach the top for the third straight season.
Villanova and Michigan State were the favorites to take over at the top after the Blue Devils' weekend loss at Boston College, though there was far less certainty for voters about who was now the nation's top team. The Spartans (9-1) earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second, while the other five first-place votes went to the Sun Devils — who leapt 11 spots to No. 5 after Sunday's win at Kansas.
Arizona State (9-0) is off to its best start since the 1974-75 season. Now the Sun Devils — who also have a win against Xavier this season — have their highest ranking since reaching third during the 1980-81 season.
Wichita State climbed three spots to No. 3, followed by Duke and Arizona State. Unbeaten Miami climbed four spots to No. 6, followed by North Carolina, Kentucky, Texas A&M and Xavier to round out the top 10.
Villanova helped itself with an impressive win against No. 12 Gonzaga last week in New York, though the Wildcats had to fight to the final minute Sunday to close out a La Salle team that entered at 5-5.
“It's always an honor to be ranked No. 1,” Villanova coach Jay Wright said in a statement. “It's great for the Nova Nation and we appreciate the respect of the writers. We know it's early, though, and we need to get a lot better.”
KANSAS' FALL
The Jayhawks (7-2) slid 11 spots to No. 13 after two losses last week, the first coming against Washington in Kansas City, Missouri, before losing to the Sun Devils in Allen Fieldhouse.
SHUFFLE UP
Only two teams — No. 8 Kentucky and No. 12 Gonzaga — stayed in the same spot. Thirteen teams rose in the poll, while four of the seven teams that fell slid at least eight spots.
TOP RISERS
Arizona State's leap was the biggest, though No. 11 West Virginia (9-1) moved up seven spots after beating then-No. 15 Virginia. No. 14 TCU (10-0) climbed six spots after a win against a then-ranked Nevada team.
Miami, UNC, No. 15 Seton Hall, No. 17 Purdue and No. 20 Tennessee all climbed four spots.
LONGEST SLIDES
While Kansas' losses stood out, No. 22 Florida had the biggest fall of the week.
The Gators (6-3) slid 17 spots after home losses to Florida State and to Loyola Chicago — a game in which they led for all of 93 seconds. Florida salvaged a win against Cincinnati in the Never Forget Tribute Classic in Newark, New Jersey, to avoid a four-game skid.
No. 18 Notre Dame (8-2) fell nine spots after an upset loss to Ball State, while the No. 25 Bearcats (7-2) slid eight spots.
NEWCOMERS
There were three newcomers to this week's poll, though one is more of a welcome back.
The list included No. 19 Florida State (9-0) and No. 24 Texas Tech (7-1), while Arizona returned to the rankings at No. 23.
Arizona's 0-3 showing at the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas made the Wildcats the first team in three decades to go from No. 2 in the AP Top 25 to unranked in a week. But four straight wins have the preseason Final Four favorite back in the poll.
SLIDING OUT
Minnesota (No. 14 last week), Nevada (No. 22) and Southern California (No. 25) all fell out of the poll.
1. Villanova (41 first-place votes)
2. Michigan State (19)
3. Wichita State
4. Duke
5. Arizona State (5)
6. Miami
7. North Carolina
8. Kentucky
9. Texas A&M
10. Xavier
11. West Virginia
12. Gonzaga
13. Kansas
14. TCU
15. Seton Hall
16. Virginia
17. Purdue
18. Notre Dame
19. Florida State
20. Tennessee
21. Baylor
22. Florida
23. Arizona
24. Texas Tech
25. Cincinnati
Stolen property recovered from a home near Chehalis on Thursday afternoon. Courtesy photo Lewis County Sheriff's Office
The 49ers moved a step closer Monday to poaching offensive tackle Garry Gilliam from NFC West rival Seattle. Related Articles Man surrenders after theft of Jerry Rice-signed football
Steve Young's 49ers visit signals new aura
49ers willing to trade No. 2 draft pick
Herhold: Stripping the facade from BLUPAC
49ers local pro day: no Cal and Stanford stars but four QBs in mix
Gilliam signed the 49ers' one-year offer sheet as a restricted free agent, giving the Seahawks five days to match what ESPN reported as a $2.2 million deal.
The 49ers, who confirmed the offer sheet, would owe Seattle nothing if they acquire Gilliam, an undrafted free agent out of Penn State when they originally joined the Seahawks in 2014. They visited the 49ers last week and reportedly turned down a multi-year contract offer. Seattle had tendered them a minimum one-year, $1.8 million deal.
Although the 49ers have incumbent starters with left tackle Joe Staley (11th year) and right tackle Trent Brown (third year), Gilliam could contend for the right tackle role or as a potential backup swing tackle. John Theus and Norman Price are the 49ers' other tackles entering next week's tackle-thin draft.
Gilliam, 26, played mostly at right tackle the past two seasons with the Seahakws, although they were slated to start last season at left tackle before battling a knee issue. He's also played at left guard.
— The 49ers and Denver Broncos will hold at least one joint practice prior to their exhibition at Levi's Stadium in mid-August. Dates have yet to be announced. The Broncos hosted the 49ers the previous two summers for practices and exhibitions.
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron insisted only their party could stop the Conservatives winning an overall majority in the General Election on June 8.
They issued the statement after Prime Minister Theresa May announced they would ask the House of Commons to vote to hold an early general election.
Mr Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
"Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola handed their resignation into Birmingham City after the damaging defeat to fellow strugglers Burton Albion at St Andrew's on Easter Monday.
The Italian, who replaced Gary Rowett as boss in December, was given funds to re-shape the Blues squad in January but the results didn't come; the affable Italian managed only two wins in 24 outings in all competitions.
Despite announcing their resignation, Zola did front up to the media post-match and explained why they had decided to depart.
THE DECISION
“I have decided to give my resignation from this club.
“I am sorry because I came here with huge expectations. There were a lot of expectations from the people at the club and from myself, but unfortunately results have not been good and I take full responsibility for that.
“I've been the first one to be disappointed about the results is me so I have decided to do this.
“It's not that I like quitting but I feel like the club deserves the best chance.
“At the moment it feels I can't help these players if I stay. I think this club deserves my respect because of all the support they have given me, and if I feel I can't help the team it's better that I leave someone else to do that.
“I feel very bad and very sorry. We worked a lot and with a lot of good meaning but unfortunately it didn't produce the results. It's very disappointing.”
FANS' CHANTS HAVE ANY BEARING?
“No. They did it last week at Rotherham but I have no blame for the supporters.
“They have been there supporting the club and supporting us but the position is not secure.
“They are frustrated and I can understand their feelings The last thing I want to be is not helpful so I have nothing against them.
“Certainly I can understand their chanting and that they want me out and maybe there have been some bad words from some fans has been harsh.
“Yes, I know there have been mistakes but we worked very hard for this club and gave it everything we had.”
PRESSURE FROM THE BOARD?
“Let's be honest, they have supported me until now and the results haven't been good.
“Considering the expectations that they were, I don't blame them. Actually I have a fantastic relationship with them and they have my respect.”
ANY REGRETS DURING YOUR TIME?
“I think it's too early but I was totally convinced in what I was doing and that is an important part.
“I do my job as well as I can and there are things which I thought were the right things to do and I stand by what I said.
“Unfortunately sometimes the results follow their own logic.
“You spend a lot of time with the players to give them everything they need but it didn't pay off.
“This is the nature of the job – we don't work for seeing good passing, we work for the results and unfortunately for us, those results haven't come.”
ANY CONTRIBUTING FACTORS?
“It wasn't an easy job. I felt under pressure from the beginning because this team was in a good position so it was a hard job.
“I knew from the beginning it was tough but I felt like we could all improve the team and we tried very hard to do that.
“I have no regrets at taking the job and there are a lot of good people here. My only regret is that the results haven't been good enough.
“It's a tough moment, I love the game - but at the moment it doesn't feel that way
“I've had very low points before, but I always bounced back.
“As a manager this is quite painful.
“My relationship with the players is quite good - they tried to follow me.
“In some circumstances they could've done better.
“But I always believed they acted with a good heart.
“Sometimes they didn't do what I wanted them to do, maybe they were not ready.
“I told them they have my appreciation.
“At the beginning we played well but kept losing games with individual mistakes.
“That affected the confidence, suddenly we had to change the plan and the system.
“Results, it's always been a struggle.
“Today, we had a lot of chances but you saw the lot of players who were scared to play.
“When the pressure is like that, it's not easy to play football
“Especially when you're playing for such important results.
“My pride has been touched. It's how you react to the problem that makes the difference, I'll take it in the right way.
“I'm not perfect, I'll try to make better from this.”
Government agencies could start charging new fees for electronic copies of records under a bill that cleared Washington's Legislature on Monday.
The state House voted 80-18 to approve House Bill 1595, agreeing with earlier changes made by the Senate. The bill now awaits the signature of Gov. Jay Inslee.
Public agencies can already charge a default rate of up to 15 cents per page for photocopying documents in response to public records requests. But the state's Public Records Act doesn't include comparable language for charging fees for documents that are scanned and sent by email, or records that are uploaded to an electronic delivery system.
House Bill 1595 says agencies can charge up to 10 cents per page for scanned documents and up to 5 cents for every four electronic attachments when replying to public records requests.
The bill also lets agencies charge up to 10 cents per gigabyte of data or impose a flat fee of $2 for larger requests.
The measure simultaneously aims to cut down on what government agencies call excessive requests, allowing agencies to deny broad requests for all of their records, as well as some repetitive requests submitted automatically by computer bots.
Supporters of the bill testified this year that the Public Records Act needs updating to reflect the amount of staff time involved in responding to record requests electronically. Opponents said the measure could limit public access to government documents.
A separate measure approved Monday by the Legislature would create new training resources for government agencies that fall under the Public Records Act.
House Bill 1594 directs the state Attorney General's Office to develop a program to assist local governments in managing public records requests. The bill also requires the State Archives to train local agencies on document retention practices and establish a grant program for those agencies to improve their information technology systems.
Both bills now head to Inslee's desk.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A medicine made from the marijuana plant moved one step closer to U.S. approval after federal health advisers endorsed it for the treatment of severe seizures in children with epilepsy.
Shirley Zundell helped create the Essex and Essex Jct. iNaturalist page in April of this year. Now. They urge locals to start participating in the simple but “addictive” citizen science project.
iNaturalist is a nature app that allows anyone around the world to record observations of plants and animals in their area. Naturalists from all over the world can view postings and help identify species, creating research-grade data for scientists to use in research projects.
“You don't have to go out somewhere. You can stay right at home and photograph a spider you see in your house,” Zundell explained. “Or if you go outside and notice a weed in your garden, put that on and let somebody know that species is growing in your yard.”
Zundell said gathering this data is also important for recording the biodiversity of an area.
“It's great for the town because it's helping to document everything that's in the town, all the natural things,” they said. The Essex page they manage is part of a larger project in iNaturalist called the Vermont Atlas of Life.
The VAL's iNaturalist page admits no one really knows just how many species of plants and animals occur in Vermont. Data that individual observers gather all over the state is helping to create a more detailed map of Vermont's natural history, the page says.
Zundell has logged 397 observations in the Essex iNaturalist page, the most for any observer in the town. But they said that's nothing.
Erika Mitchell from Calais is currently the top iNaturalist observer in Vermont with over 32,000 observations in the state alone.
“She just walks the roads and makes observations,” Zundell said, explaining how easy it is for residents to participate.
While Zundell only uses the desktop version of iNaturalist, they noted the ease of taking photos and uploading them using the app on a cell phone. Plus, they said, you don't have to have an education in science to participate.
“I have a background in social sciences,” Zundell said. “All this is new to me.”
Obviously passionate about the project, Zundell said they go out exploring all the time to find new species. “It becomes addictive after a while,” they said. “You find something and it's just nice to be able to identify it.”
It's only a matter of time before Donald Trump becomes a target of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, according to New Yorker's Ryan Lizza.
Justin Timberlake answers questions during a news conference for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game halftime show Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, in Minneapolis. Morry Gash AP
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina's new governor is bringing in people from their old office and from previous Democratic administrations for some key roles.
Gov. Roy Cooper announced Monday that Charlie Perusse will be their budget state director. Perusse held the same post for Gov. Beverly Perdue and was acting director or deputy director for several years in Gov. Mike Easley's administration.
Cooper also says William McKinney will be their chief legal counsel, Barbara Gibson will head up the Office of State Human Resources and Noelle Talley will join their press office. All three served within the Department of Justice while Cooper was attorney general.
Cooper unveiled names of only a few people to serve in their administration before they were sworn in to office just after midnight Saturday.
Minister for Finance Michael Noonan is meeting investors and members of the media in New York before flying to Washington for the spring meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
It is expected that the health of the Irish economy and the implications of Britain's exit from the European Union will be discussed, while White House plans for changes to US tax policy and their potential impact on Ireland are also likely to be on the agenda.
A series of investor meetings has been organised by the National Treasury Management Agency (NTMA) in New York on the Minister's behalf. Mr Noonan will also talk to the media as part of the trip.
Central bankers and finance ministers from around the world are gathering in Washington this week to discuss the state of the global economy and how to keep another post-crisis recovery from stalling.
Mr Noonan has a number of engagements at the World Bank/IMF event in Washington on Thursday and Friday. Central Bank governor Philip Lane is understood to be in attendance, while Central Bank deputy governor Sharon Donnery will speak at an IMF-hosted session entitled Central Bankers and Inclusive Growth on Saturday.
There is a lot of uncertainty overshadowing this week's spring meetings. The US is the largest shareholder of both the IMF and the World Bank and last year's election of Donald Trump put an outspoken critic of multilateralism and the US-led liberal economic order in the White House.
Financial crisis
The new US administration's plans for the institutions remain unclear, especially amid signs that moderates within the White House are exerting more influence over economic policy. However, Mr Trump's arrival in Washington is already having consequences for both the IMF and the World Bank and forcing their leaderships to adapt.
The 2008 financial crisis and its aftermath gave new relevance to an IMF that for years had been facing questions about its role in the global economy.
The fund has not only had a new raft of bailouts to administer but under the leadership of Christine Lagarde for the past five years it has also dealt with subjects that might once have seemed taboo, such as inequality, the macroeconomics of gender equality and climate change. It has given emerging powers such as China a greater voice and, increasingly, a seal of approval.
However, in Mr Trump and their Republican administration the IMF now has a sceptic in the boardroom and there is plenty of potential for conflict.
Wilbur Ross, Mr Trump's commerce secretary, has already taken exception to Ms Lagarde's recent warnings about the damage a return to protectionism would do to the global economy.
Steven Mnuchin, the new treasury secretary, has called for the IMF to step up its vigilance over currency manipulation, particularly in regard to China.
At the World Bank, if all had gone to plan, this week would be all about laying the groundwork for a capital increase and an expansive agenda for Jim Yong Kim, the World Bank's president. But Mr Trump's election has thrown that into doubt.
Mr Kim, who was nominated by the Obama administration and re-elected to a second five-year term last summer, has pushed the World Bank into areas that may lead to clashes with the Trump administration.
The bank is, for example, now the largest funder of climate-related investments in the world, Mr Kim said in a London speech recently, something that is unlikely to win points with a climate change sceptic such as the new US president.
– Additional reporting: The Financial Times Limited 2017
Orangeburg County, SC (WLTX) - State Troopers are investigating a fatal accident that happened early Wednesday morning in Orangeburg County. The driver of a pickup truck ran off Highway 178 and hit a tree just before 2 a.m.
Troopers say the driver was not wearing a seatbelt and died at the scene of the crash. No one else was in the truck at the time.
Investigators are still trying to determine why the driver ran off the road.
© 2018 WLTX
Our cookbook of the week is Tasting Paris by award-winning French food writer Clotilde Dusoulier. Over the next four days, we'll feature recipes from the book and an interview with its author.
To try another recipe from the book, check out: hazelnut-crusted goat cheese and apple salad.
Making your own charcuterie is a rarity these days. But for those who undertake it, the rewards are many. Even in France, Clotilde Dusoulier says, most people serve ready-made terrines, rillettes and pâtés at home: “so making your own never fails to impress.”
Them light and flavourful country terrine uses accessible ingredients and a straightforward process. Served cold or at room temperature alongside “thick slices of crusty bread and cornichons,” it's a memorable addition to a summer picnic spread of backyard get-together.
A mix of textures – one-third of the meat is minced, the rest left in pieces – means each bite is different from the last. And studded with viridescent pistachios, the terrine is as appealing visually as it is texturally.
“It has a little bit of a rustic feel to it because you have a mix of textures,” Dusoulier says. “I always try to think of recipes in terms of maximizing the variety of textures (and) the balance of flavours. One thing that I've really come to understand over the years is that when you eat something, engaging your senses… is a great way to make sure that you get a lot of pleasure from your food.”
CHICKEN & PISTACHIO TERRINE
Terrine de poulet à la pistache
Serves: 8 to 10
3 oz (85 g) day-old bread, diced
2 tbsp (30 mL) milk (any kind)
2 tbsp (30 mL) Cognac or other brandy (substitute the same amount of milk if preferred)
1 lb (450 g) boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch (1.25 cm) cubes, chilled
6 oz (170 g) boneless pork shoulder or other braising cut, diced, chilled
1 large egg, chilled
2 oz (55 g) shallots, finely chopped
1/4 cup (15 g) roughly chopped fresh tarragon or chives
1 tsp fine sea salt
1/2 tsp dried thyme
1/2 tsp finely chopped dried rosemary
1/8 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1/8 tsp freshly grated nutmeg
1 tsp (5 mL) bacon fat, duck fat, or unsalted butter
1/3 cup (45 g) raw pistachios
Step 1
Make the terrine the day before serving. In a bowl, moisten the bread with the milk and Cognac. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Step 2
In a food processor, combine the bread mixture with one-third of the chicken, one-third of the pork, and the egg. Process until finely ground; avoid overprocessing. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the remaining chicken and pork, along with the shallots, tarragon, salt, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and nutmeg. Stir until thoroughly combined. Scoop out 1 teaspoon of the mixture and cook in a dry skillet over medium heat. Let cool, taste, and adjust the seasoning.
Step 3
Preheat the oven to 325°F (160°C). Use the bacon fat to grease a 3-cup (720 ml) earthenware terrine about 5 × 7 inches (13 × 18 cm).
Step 4
Chop 1 tablespoon of the pistachios and set aside for topping.
Step 5
Layer one-third of the meat into the bottom of the terrine and sprinkle with half the unchopped pistachios. Repeat with another one-third of the meat and the remaining unchopped pistachios. Top with the remaining meat, smooth the surface, and sprinkle on the reserved chopped pistachios. Cover with the lid or a double layer of foil.
Step 6
Put the terrine in a baking dish large enough to accommodate it and fill the baking dish halfway up with simmering water to create a bain-marie; it allows the terrine to cook evenly. Transfer to the oven and bake 1 1/4 hours. Remove the lid or foil and bake until golden at the top and thoroughly cooked, 15 minutes longer. A meat thermometer inserted into the centre of the terrine should register 160°F (70°C).
Step 7
Cool completely, cover, and refrigerate 24 hours before serving.
Excerpted from Tasting Paris: 100 Recipes to Eat Like a Local by Clotilde Dusoulier. Copyright © 2018 by Clotilde Dusoulier. Photography © 2018 Nicole Franzen. Published in the United States by Clarkson Potter/Publishers, an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House LLC, New York. Reproduced by arrangement with the Publisher. All rights reserved.
By Demola Akinyemi
Ilorin – The Kwara state Commander of Nigeria Drug Law and Enforcement Agency, Barrister Ona Ogilegwu has said that One Hundred and Thirty four suspects were arrested in the last twelve months,while Eighteen of them were successfully prosecuted and jailed.
Ogilegwu, said this at the weekend in an interview with journalists in Ilorin.
They said the feat though was lower than that of last year,was primarily because of the determination of their men at work.
According to him,”The statistics is lower compared with that of the last year because of the determination of my men at work.
“As I'm talking to you,my officers are on the field raiding, and its our plan that before elections next year,the problems of drug trafficking ,and illegal drug taking in KWARA would have been further reduced to the barest figure such that it won't have any consequence on the elections like it used to do in the previous years.
Ogilegwu also disclosed that 2065 Kilograms of Indian hemps were also seized during the period under review.
They however called on the state and federal governments to properly equip the agency to enable it fulfil its core mandates to the Nigerian people.
“We need logistics to perform at our best,we are very determined here in Kwara,that is why we have been able to discourage more people from going into the trade here.
“But,no matter how determined we are,we can't do much without the needed equipment, that is why we need the media to assist us to inform the governments to provide us the needed logistics to enable us fulfil our core mandates to Nigerians. We can surely perform better than we have done with,the enabling environment” They stressed.
Pismo Beach business owner hopes to bring pro surfing event to Central Coast
Rock climbing legend Chris Sharma drops in at Cal Poly rock wall
0:35
Did they have “helping verbs” back in our day, or are they just trying to mess with us?
Nothing you do today will be as demoralizing as taking this little quiz with questions a third grader should be able to answer. Especially since it's a grammar quiz, and we literally use grammar every single day! Is it even proper grammar to say we “use grammar?!?”
Our heads hurt now.
There are only ten questions in the quiz, so it shouldn't take you very long if you're as smart as a third grader!
Let us know how you did!
Via Buzzfeed
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Don't bet that the return of volatility will end the bull run yet
All is now set for the second edition of Amateur and Professional, AMAPRO Football Championship slated for Ilorin on October 10.
The mini football championship, organized by Phreestyle Sport was aimed at developing the amateur and non league footballers through their professional counterparts.
According to the Chief Executive Officer of the sports firm, Shogo Shodunnke, this year's competition would add more glamour and benefit for the participating players and invited football stakeholders.
They said apart from the football championship which will see four teams comprising players from NPFL, NNL, NLO and Non-Leaguers, there will also be vocational trainings for players to equip them for better life after football.
Shodunnke added that invited ex internationals and former league players will light up the final day with a novelty match as well as launching a campaign called PlayPlan which is aims at advising footballers to plan while they are playing.
“Every arrangement is in top gear for us to stage the next edition of AMAPRO and we expect all our invited guests and players to be part of it,” begins Phreestyle Sports CEO.
“We are taking a step further in this edition apart the competition proper, we want to use the opportunity to train the players on vocational studies to learn some few handworks which will be good for them during and after their careers.
“Former Nigerian international players and ex league players will also grace the events by playing each other in a novelty match and we will also launch our new project called Play/Plan,” Shodunnke said.
NPFL team comprising players like Ismaila Gata, Ichull Lordson, Seun Sogbeso, Abdulrahman Bashir, Kazeem Yekeen, Wasiu Jimoh, Lateef Adigun won the maiden edition of the AMAPRO beating the NNL team 2-1 in the final
NewsOne Staff
The February 10 death of Little Caesars founder Mike Ilitch prompted their hometown of Detroit to reflect on the important philanthropic efforts they made to the community, WXYZ reports.
Mike Ilitch paid for Rosa Parks' housing for more than a decade. https://t.co/l0S2PxSHro — WXYZ Detroit (@wxyzdetroit) February 11, 2017
For over ten years, the Detroit business person paid the rent of civil rights icon Rosa Parks, according to a 2014 news article from Sports Business Daily. Though locally reported, the information was not widely known.
Ilitch stepped in after a 1994 burglary in Park's apartment raised concerns over their safety.
The outlet spoke with former federal appeals judge Damon Keith, who produced a check for $2,000 from Little Caesars Enterprises, which was written out to Riverfront Apartments. Keith was made the executor of Parks' estate after their death in 2005.
Keith told Sports Business Daily that when news of the burglary spread, they reached out to the owner of Riverfront Apartments, Alfred Taubman, who vowed to help Parks find placement.
After Ilitch read about Parks' ordeal in the local paper they reached out to Keith, promising to pay their rent for however long was needed.
“Mike Ilitch is totally committed to Detroit,” Keith said to the Business Daily. “He brought the Little Caesars corporate offices here. They saved the Fox Theatre. They built Comerica Park, and they kept the hockey and baseball teams thriving here when times were tough. But of all the incredible things they have done for the city, people should know what they did for Rosa Parks.”
SOURCE: WXYZ, Sports Business Daily
SEE ALSO:
Look Who's Calling Colin Kaepernick The Modern-Day Rosa Parks
Nicholas Alexander Lee McCray Goes Missing On Way Home To Detroit
WASHINGTON — Imagine the horror of learning you have a terminal illness for which science has not yet come up with a treatment. Now imagine receiving the same diagnosis, and then learning a promising new treatment exists that could save your life — but you can't get access to it thanks to governmental obstacles.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
That is the nightmare that befell Andrea Sloan, an Austin lobbyist who gave up their job at a high-priced law firm to advocate for victims of domestic violence.
In 2007, Sloan was diagnosed with ovarian cancer, and for more than six years tried every Food and Drug Administration-approved treatment for their disease. All failed. With Sloan's health rapidly deteriorating, their doctor at MD Anderson Cancer Center told them they had one last hope: a new drug that inhibits DNA repair in cancer cells, which had shown great promise in clinical trials with patients that had their specific genetic mutation.
But Sloan did not qualify for a clinical trial. And while the drug had passed safety trials, it was not yet approved by the FDA. They would have to seek “compassionate use.” After months of lobbying (and being turned down by one manufacturer), they finally convinced another to grant them access. They were ready to begin treatment, but then they hit a deadly roadblock: Before they could obtain the drug their physician recommended and that a manufacturer was willing to provide, they had to beg the FDA for approval. Them doctor was forced to spend around 100 hours filling out FDA paperwork (a requirement that has since been streamlined, thanks to public pressure). Then, the FDA took 24 days to review the application.
As Sloan waited, their health deteriorated further. In an interview for the book “The Right to Try: How the Federal Government Prevents Americans from Getting the Lifesaving Treatments They Need,” which I co-wrote, Sloan's best friend Michelle Wittenberg told me about Sloan's anguish as they waited on the green light from Washington. “She would say, ‘Michelle, what's going on? What's the delay? The drug company's agreed to give it, why is it taking so long?'” When the FDA finally relented, the drug worked. Scans showed it beating back their cancer. But it was too late. Shortly after getting the scans, Sloan came down with pneumonia. Thirteen days later, they died. “The delay in getting that drug that was working killed her,” Wittenberg said, “The extra month tacked on because of the FDA process? Too long.”
Wittenberg formed “Andi's Army” to lobby the Texas state Legislature to pass a “Right to Try” law that would grant those in Texas with terminal illnesses (and who have exhausted all FDA-approved treatments) access to investigational drugs — so long as they have been proven safe in clinical trials, are part of the FDA's ongoing evaluation process, and the company developing the medication is willing to make it available. In 2015, Gov. Greg Abbott signed the “Andrea Sloan Right to Try Act” into law.
Today, 40 states have passed similar laws. And on Wednesday, President Trump will sign a national Right to Try Act into law.
In the states, Right to Try has not been a partisan issue. In most instances, it passed without a single dissenting vote. The issue brought together politicians who never worked together on any other issue. In Illinois, for example, the bill was co-sponsored by state Sen. Mike Connelly, a socially conservative Republican, and state Rep. Greg Harris, a liberal Democrat who is HIV-positive. As Connelly told me, “This is the first bill I've ever encountered that is both pro-life and pro-choice. It gives people the freedom to choose to fight for their life.”
But, sadly, this spirit of bipartisanship did not translate to Washington. Only 22 House Democrats voted for the final bill that Trump will sign. In August, a version introduced by Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., passed the Senate by unanimous consent, but stalled in the House, which eventually passed a more limited bill from Rep. Greg Walden, R-Ore. Last week, Senate Republicans tried to accommodate Democratic objections by bringing up the Walden bill for a vote, but Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer blocked it from coming to the floor. So the House passed the Johnson version, with Democrats nearly united in opposition.
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — Wilmington Police arrested a man they say shot into a home with children inside.
WPD spokesperson Linda Thompson said Daniel Chon Corbett VI told officers they were trying to shoot a suspected robber trying to take something off of their truck, but the bullets went through an apartment that was occupied with children instead.
Thompson said officers responded to the 3600 block of Metting Road after receiving reports of gunshots in the area. No one was injured in the shooting, they said.
According to the New Hanover County Jail, Corbett, 27, is charged with two counts felony discharge firearm into an occupied dwelling, two counts misdemeanor injury to real property and one count misdemeanor city ordinance violation.
HIV cure research to date has focused on clearing the virus from T cells, a type of white blood cell that is an essential part of the immune system.
Yet investigators in the Division of Infectious Diseases at the University of North Carolina (UNC) School of Medicine have found the virus persists in HIV-infected macrophages, according to medicalxpress.com.
Macrophages are large white blood cells found in tissues throughout the body including the liver, lung, bone marrow and brain.
The discovery of this additional viral reservoir has significant implications for HIV cure research. These findings were published in Nature Medicine.
Jenna Honeycutt, PhD, lead-author and postdoctoral research associate in the UNC Division of Infectious Diseases, said, "These results are paradigm changing because they demonstrate that cells other than T cells can serve as a reservoir for HIV.
"The fact that HIV-infected macrophages can persist means that any possible therapeutic intervention to eradicate HIV might have to target two very different types of cells."
Last spring, this laboratory lead by J. Victor Garcia, PhD, professor of medicine, microbiology and immunology at UNC School of Medicine, demonstrated the ability of tissue macrophages to support HIV replication in vivo in the total absence of human T cells.
But how macrophages would respond to antiretroviral therapy (ART) and whether macrophages represented a reservoir for HIV after treatment were unknown.
Macrophages are myeloid lineage cells that have been implicated in HIV pathogenesis and in the trafficking of virus into the brain.
Using a humanized myeloid-only mouse (MoM) model devoid of T cells, Garcia and their team showed that ART strongly suppresses HIV replication in tissue macrophages.
Yet when HIV treatment was interrupted, viral rebound was observed in one third of the animals. This is consistent with the establishment of persistent infection in tissue macrophages.
Honeycutt said, "This is the first report demonstrating that tissue macrophages can be infected and that they respond to antiretroviral therapy.
"In addition, we show that productively infected macrophages can persist despite ART; and most importantly, that they can reinitiate and sustain infection upon therapy interruption even in the absence of T cells — the major target of HIV infection."
Now that Garcia and their team know HIV persists in macrophages, the next step will be to determine what regulates HIV persistence in tissue macrophages, where in the body persistently infected macrophages reside during HIV treatment and how macrophages respond to possible therapeutic interventions aimed at eradicating HIV from the body.
Darwin Brazier is suspected of killing their ex-wife, Debra Rivera, and two others before killing themselves in Alabama. Rivera reportedly asked a judge to take away Brazier's guns, but the request was denied. They felt they were harassing them Limestone County Sheriff
A 92-year-old woman accused of fatally shooting their 72-year-old son over their plans to put them in an assisted living facility has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said on Tuesday.
Anna Mae Blessing was taken into custody on Monday at the suburban Phoenix, Arizona, home they shared with their son and was being held in lieu of $500,000 (€430,000) bail, court officials said.
They did not enter a plea during a brief initial court appearance and it was not immediately clear if they had retained an attorney.
Ms Blessing told detectives following their arrest that they hid two handguns in the pockets of their robe and confronted their son in their bedroom, striking them with multiple rounds, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said in a written statement.
The suspect told investigators they tried to point the guns at their son's 57-year-old girlfriend but the woman was able to wrestle the weapons away, according to the sheriff's office.
Ms Blessing was sitting in a reclining chair in their bedroom when they were taken into custody, after they refused to leave the house, according to court records.
They told detectives they had confronted their son over their intentions to put them in the care facility because, they had said, they were difficult to live with.
Ms Blessing also told detectives that they should be “put to sleep” for their actions and had intended to kill themselves following the incident.
Ms Blessing said they purchased one of the weapons and the other one had been given to their deceased husband but that neither weapon had been fired since the 1970s.
Police said they had visited the residence before, following a verbal altercation between Ms Blessing and their son. – Reuters
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A have-a-go-hero stabbed more than a dozen times as they tried to save a woman from being attacked said: “I just acted on instinct.”
Champion fitness competitor Will Flint, 27, was repeatedly knifed by teenage thug Aidan Morrissey , who was assaulting the female victim near a cashpoint on Bristol Road.
The 18-year-old, of Billbrook Grove, Weoley Castle, has now been jailed for almost nine years for the New Year's Day attack.
Birmingham Crown Court had heard the teenager had been shouting at the woman when Will, a software developer, stepped in to help.
Morrissey pulled a knife and launched a frenzied attack on the Good Samaritan, who had simply asked the woman if they were okay.
Will, from Alvechurch, was stabbed in the back, leg, side and stomach, leaving them with a collapsed lung, sliced stomach and severed spleen.
Incredibly, they took themselves to hospital in a taxi where they stayed for two weeks, including five days in intensive care.
Will, who has previously won national physique competitions, re-lived the horror of the attack and revealed how he's now helping turn kids away from knife crime.
They said: “I'd been in Birmingham with some friends celebrating the New Year and watching the fireworks.
“I caught a taxi home and stopped off at an ATM so I could pay the driver.
“I heard a commotion and a young woman was being yelled at to my left. They ran towards me and I simply asked them if they were okay. The next thing I know the guy was standing behind me and had pulled a knife.”
It was at that point crazed Morrissey launched the brutal attack.
Will said: “He began stabbing me, but luckily I had joined a self defence group last year that specialises in defence against knife attacks.
“I used some of that martial arts training and managed to deflect some of the blows - without that I'm not sure I would still be alive.”
Modest Will is now on the mend, but was quick to deny that they are any kind of hero.
They added: “I have seen the headlines, but I am no hero. I'm just an every day guy that was willing to do the right thing, to see if there was anything I could do to help the girl. It was just instinct I guess.
“I'd never encourage people to get into dangerous situations. But equally I wouldn't want people to hear my story and then use that as a reason not to do the right thing, or as a reason to turn a blind eye to something.
“Who's to say they would not have turned that knife on her? That was a very real possibility.
“The attack was totally unprovoked all I wanted to do was calm the situation and help the girl out, I guess.”
Speaking about the impact of the attack and the injuries they received, Will said: “It was a traumatic time, not only for myself but also my family. It will have a lasting physical and emotional impact and the scars will stay with me for life.
“It's unlikely I'll be able to return to full fitness again because of this and just shows how knives can permanently affect someone's life.
“I had four hours of emergency surgery but I'm on the mend now and I am also determined to return to fitness if I am able to.
“I'm going to be okay and I'm very lucky. But I have issues and may never get back to full capacity with my left lung. I also have had some trouble sleeping but I have a good group of friends and good family around me to support me.”
Will said they are also determined to speak to young people about their experiences to help inform them about the consequences of carrying a knife.
They added: “If there is anybody reading this article or watching this video who knows of people carrying knives, I would ask them to report them to the police.
“Because of what has happened to me I am now ultra aware of issues around knives. We need to do something about it and it needs to be informed.
“I have already spoken to charities about my experiences and I am more than happy to share my story with others and to speak to young people.
“I think it's the mentality from some young people that needs to change. Some think that carrying a knife is somehow normal and it really needs to end.”
Morrissey had been identified and arrested by police after a public appeal.
They admitted wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of a bladed article. They were also sentenced for two counts of battery against the woman, who was punched in the eye and had their hair pulled.
They were jailed for a total of eight years and 10 months.
Speaking after the case Detective Inspector Jim Colclough, from Force CID, said: “What Will did was a very human thing. They have not acted in any way that could be perceived as aggressive.
“He asked a simple question and this was the consequence.
“If people see others with knives or violence acted on the streets out they should keep safe, first and foremost, and call the police.
“I would also like to echo Will's words about knife crime. The carrying of a knife is unacceptable and the people responsible are those who carry the weapons.
“But if somebody knows of anyone carrying knives they should also contact police. You are much more likely to become a victim of knife crime if you are carried a knife yourself.”
*Will said the martial arts group they are involved with is due to offer workshops on using self-defence against knife attacks. For more information contact www.kalah.co.uk , or email info@kalah.co.uk.  They are also planning to chart their recovery via their Instagram page, via @outdoorphysique.
If you have information about knife crime, you can contact police on 101 or the Crimestoppers charity anonymously on 0800 555 111.
You know the other day when you were thinking: "I REALLY wish I owned that crop top that Kylie Jenner has that doesn't even come as low as my nipples?". No? Yeah that's probably because there'd never be any occasion where one of these would be necessary.
Still, ASOS has answered the demand for a product that genuinely didn't exist by creating a £20 crop top just like Kylie's. Lucky us!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ASOS
ASOS Jumper In Super Crop Length, £20 BUY NOW
Because it looked as though Kylie had just taken a pair of scissors to their Harley-Davidson sweater, ASOS created a jumper with the same rough around the edges vibe.
A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Jun 4, 2017 at 6:12pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And, just like Kylie's, the jumper rests not-so-comfortably mid breast, making it impossible to wear without a top on underneath unless, you know, nipple flashing is your vibe. And if it is, you never change! You do you!
Because the jumper doesn't exactly do any of the things that normal jumpers do - ie cover you up and keep you warm - we have to assume this is more of an arm-warmer situation.
This tweets kind of sums up our thoughts exactly.
Wtf is this asos pic.twitter.com/sLwfF2kFEC — eleanor 🍁 (@alazyteenager) September 29, 2017
Still, if nipple flashing IS your thing or you really wanna channel a bit of Kylie J on your next outing, then this super crop top could be yours for just £20.
It was a rough Sunday for Ariel Miranda and a rough weekend for the Mariners. Elaine Thompson AP
The Santa Barbara Foundation has announced its selections for the 2013-14 Katherine Harvey Fellows, an 18-month leadership development program.
The program's 15 participants are young professionals, ages 25 to 45, from diverse fields and communities across Santa Barbara County who have a passion for learning about and engaging in community leadership and philanthropy.
Founded in 1999, the program's fellows have raised and disbursed more than $400,000, including matching funds from the Santa Barbara Foundation, and have funded agencies and projects such as Youth Making Change, Community Economic Relief Fund and People's Self-Help Housing.
Liam Murphy, a commercial real estate broker and Westmont College alumnus, was chosen for the current class. The Katherine Harvey Fellows program is selected from nominations made by Santa Barbara Foundation trustees and staff members and from alumni of the Katherine Harvey Fellows program.
“It is a great privilege and honor to be selected for this program,” Murphy said. “I look forward to working with this class of fellows and learning from the alumni and mentors that make the program a vital source of leadership and philanthropy for our community.”
Murphy has made representation of nonprofit organizations a priority in their professional work as a broker with Hayes Commercial Group. For example, they were integral in helping Habitat for Humanity move to a more prominent and functional space in Goleta.
Outside of work, Murphy enjoys volunteering with local church, educational and philanthropic groups in Santa Barbara.
“Katherine Harvey Fellows is an amazing resource for our community,” Murphy said, “and I'm thrilled to be a part of it.”
— Ted Hoagland is the marketing manager for Hayes Commercial Group.
Dive Brief:
The St. Louis Public Schools is partnering with the St. Louis Teacher Residency, a nonprofit organization, to place new teachers in hard-to-staff schools and hopefully provide them the training and experience to stay there, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Participants in teacher residencies spend much more time in the classroom gaining firsthand experience compared to those in traditional teacher education programs. As a result, they are more prepared for the realities of teaching in urban schools.
The residency wants at least half of the candidates it recruits to be teachers of color, and leaders are also targeting career switchers who already have college degrees but still need a teaching certificate. The participants commit to working in a school for three years, and they receive a stipend to participate and then start paying back the costs of the program when they have a full-time job, according to the article.
Dive Insight:
The piece cites a Learning Policy Institute study that found 80% to 95% of teacher residency graduates are still in their districts the third year after they complete a program, compared to 40% to 75% for those who entered teaching with a residency.
The report also highlighted some key elements of successful residency programs, such as being mentored by an expert teacher and placing candidates in “teaching schools” in which teachers and administrators “model good practices with diverse learners” so novice teachers learn how to incorporate those practices into their own teaching.
"Building Effective Teacher Residencies," an earlier report from Urban Teacher Residency United, noted that schools with a culture of collaboration in which teachers are expected to examine student data together are also good environments for residencies. Ideally, the author wrote, residents will learn from teachers across the school, not just their mentors.
Anything that goes viral feels outdated as soon as the next viral challenge begins to pop — but for months now, the ‘Lemon' challenge, inspired by the N.E.R.D. and Rihanna song of the same name.
Serena Williams took the challenge mainstream with their Vogue video and now news anchors are doing it.
Watch DC's FOX 5 hosts Tony Perkins, Tucker Barnes, Allison Seymour and Annie Yu try their hand at the lit dance. It's pretty funny, but cool.
Hit the flip to refresh your memory of Serena Williams' epic ‘Lemon' challenge and let dancer Mette Towler teach you how it's done.
1 2 3Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
I am a CFA charterholder (chartered financial analyst), and have been one since 1997. Part of what we study involves the structure of portfolios and, more specifically, the methods that can be used to combine assets so as to minimize the risk in the portfolio, given the type of investments that are appropriate for the investor.
One of the key tenets of building efficient portfolios — those with the lowest risk given a specified level of return — is diversification. Diversification is simply putting various investments together that don't act the same way, at the same time; in other words, if one goes down, another might go up, or at least is expected not to go down as much. The old saying “don't put all your eggs in one basket” (because you might drop it), underscores the idea of diversification well.
One important aspect of diversification that many investment managers believe in, and sell to the investing public, is international diversification. Their belief is that, by investing in assets outside the United States, the risk in the portfolio will be reduced as compared with the same portfolio invested entirely in U.S. assets. This belief is based on many statistical studies that show, over long periods of time, assets outside the United States are not highly correlated — don't move in the same direction at the same time — with U.S. assets. There is a lot of math that goes into calculating these correlations, but in general, we take the returns of all of the various assets in the United States and in other countries over a long period of time, and then compare those returns to see how they relate to one another.
For example, we could compare quarterly returns for large companies in the United States with large companies in Europe, over the past five, 10, 15 years, etc. We could use some intensive math to compare these returns over these various time periods to see how closely they follow one another. The more closely they track each other, the more highly correlated they are. The less they follow each other, the less correlated. If, on average when large U.S. companies performed well over a five-year period, which represents 20 quarters, and large European companies also performed well, on average, over the same 20 quarters, we would conclude that the two are highly correlated. If the opposite was true, we would conclude they are not highly correlated.
The point of all this is to find those assets that are not highly correlated and combine them into a portfolio so that when one market is performing poorly, the other is performing well, or at least not as poorly as the first. If large U.S. companies and large European companies are not highly correlated, and U.S. companies are doing poorly, (like they did in this most recent quarter), European companies should perform better. The combination of large U.S. and European companies in the same portfolio in this case should result in better overall performance than U.S. companies alone.
Modern portfolio management techniques are based on these long-term correlation calculations, which do show that U.S. assets in general are not highly correlated with assets in other countries. As a result, investors have been sold on the idea of including these foreign investments in their portfolios as a diversification tool. Anyone with investments today will know exactly what I am talking about.
The problem is, and this is the point of this article, this is wrong! One need only look at the most recent quarter, when U.S. stocks lost 12 percent, while European stocks lost 17 percent. In other words, to keep things simple, if a portfolio was 100 percent in U.S. stocks, it would have lost 12 percent for the quarter (assuming it was representative of the overall U.S. stock market), and if the portfolio was 50 percent U.S. and 50 percent European, the portfolio would have lost 14.5 percent — 2.5 percent more that the U.S.-only portfolio.
That's right, diversification actually caused a larger loss! In fact, if the portfolio included any weighting in European stocks it would have performed worse than the U.S.-only portfolio.
Diversification is supposed to protect investors whenever the U.S. market gets hit by having money outside the United States, and again, with the assumption that these foreign investments are going to perform better than U.S. investments. We have seen time and time again in recent years that the exact opposite happens — when U.S. investments get hit, foreign investments actually get hit even harder.
Those who believe in international diversification will throw all kinds of arguments at me on this. They will claim there are not enough observations — the number of quarters in which diversifying internationally hasn't worked — to “prove” my statement that international diversification is wrong. They might point to some obscure market that performed better than the U.S. market over this past quarter. They might point to those same statistical tests I mentioned above to say that over the long term, they will be proved correct and I will be proved wrong.
In my opinion, the global economy has changed. The integration of financial markets, government policies, the banking system, the Internet, access to information and a host of other factors have fundamentally and permanently changed the way investments work. As a result, there must be a complete sea change in the way investment portfolios are constructed and managed. International investments should only be included if they are expected to generate outsized risk-adjusted returns, and not because they supposedly diversify away risk (because they simply don't).
So, the next time your financial adviser tells you that you need to buy foreign investments to diversify, at a minimum, question their basis for making this recommendation. After all, it's your money at risk!
— Craig Allen, CFA, CFP, CIMA, is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt. They have been managing assets for foundations, corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA charter holder), a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) certification. They blog at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.898.1400. Click here for previous Craig Allen columns. Follow Craig on Twitter: @MPAMCraig.
AlexAnna Salmon of Igiugig quietly agreed to join the newly formed Pebble Advisory Committee this summer. The decision was not an easy one for the young leader, and mother of six, especially after they saw what happened to Kim Williams. Williams was ousted as the director of Nunamta Aulukestai, and the Bristol Bay Native Corporation board of directors threatened a recall vote for their board seat there before Williams resigned from the committee.
"I have a lot of friends that I may have lost over sitting on this advisory committee," said Salmon. "I'm willing to accept that, because I cannot afford to not know what's happening in my back yard for the future generations of this community."
Salmon serves as the Igiugig Tribal Council president, and has trail-blazed on initiatives to develop renewable energy and revitalize the Yup'ik language and culture in the village of 70. The Dartmouth graduate was invited to President Barack Obama's roundtable discussion with Alaska Native leaders during their 2015 visit to the state, and was praised by Sen. Dan Sullivan early this year on the senate floor for helping strengthen their community and make it an incredible place to live.
Igiugig, which sits at Iliamna Lake's outlet to the Kvichak River, is paradise and a perfect place to be, they said.
"We live in Igiugig because we love it here," they said. "We like it just the way it is. This is something that money cannot buy, and we're not ready to change."
A Pebble Mine could bring a lot of change to their village and others around the Lake, including Nondalton, Newhalen, Kokhanok, and Pedro Bay.
"Imagining a mine of that size ... it's just, I've read it in the surveys, I feel it in my heart, I've told them myself, when it comes down to it, of course fish first, we all rely on fish, but we are here because we like it just the way it is. You cannot get this anywhere else in the world," they said.
Salmon is stepping past the mine's organized opposition, which have made it clear there will be no discussion that allows for the possibility of a mine, to join the advisory committee. William Johnson, Kim William's father and a longtime commercial fisherman, is also a member. Others include Alaska Native leader Willie Hensley, conservationist Jim Maddy, former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joe Ralston, and former principal deputy assistant of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Terrence "Rock" Salt.
Pebble is not a project they support. Most of their neighbors don't either, they believe. But they earned the community's support when they explained that the deposit lies on state lands set aside for mineral development and is now on track to enter a permitting process.
"You have a company that says they spent $150 million up to this point, they're not going to walk away from that. It seems illogical to go after the company that has the rights to develop it, they're not going to just go home," they said.
Since joining the advisory committee, Salmon has peaked behind the curtain and seen the plans Pebble will put forward. The mine plan will be much smaller, they said, and the company intends to show that any fish habitat near the Koktuli River that will be disturbed can be mitigated, perhaps even adding fish spawning habitat.
"Both sides have been fully focused on fish for so long," they said. "If they can prove fish and mining can co-exist, then what's the next argument?"
Hers is to make sure that Igiugig and other villages around the Lake have a bright future that is not determined only by the mine developers. For Salmon, that means coming inside and taking a seat at the table.
"Sitting on the outside, you'll hear facts from the opposition," they said. "Then, when you go into the room, the opposition will say you're just being fed lies. Whatever you're being fed, in between what's being said and what's not being said, in between what's being presented and what's not being presented, lies a story. And information. I'm out there seeking everything. That's just part of the process and it's not just a waste of time."
Iliamna Lake residents have long felt like the "annex" of a Bristol Bay headquartered in Dillingham, they said. Past Levelock, none of the communities are included within the Bristol Bay Economic Development Corporation's jurisdiction. That means the 70 residents of a village like Igiugig watch two-person villages like Portage Creek and Ekuk soak up massive amounts of funding, including an annual $500,000 block grant.
They criticize the short-sightedness of the CDQ program to leave out the Lake villages, who have also now left the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation for the Anchorage-based Southcentral Foundation.
"Has the sharing of resources been equal?" they asked. "Let's look at ourselves in the mirror, Bristol Bay. You'll see in our communities people selling their fishing permits to build houses. If there's one thing Pebble could do for our region, it's unite us and make us change our ways, and be more fair about sharing the resources we all depend on."
Salmon is not sure what is coming next, or if Pebble Mine will be permitted, and if so, exactly what that will mean. That's why they intend to weather the slings and arrows of their critics and stay on the advisory committee.
"I cannot be bullied. There's nothing I have to lose," they said.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Image copyright Getty Images
Global economic growth is under threat as the world's economic superpowers trade tit-for-tat trade sanctions, according to the World Trade Organization.
In its most sober assessment of the growing tariff war between the US, European Union and China, the WTO said the global system of agreed trade rules was at "potentially large risk".
It said world economic growth was "in jeopardy" and pleaded for a "de-escalation".
The threat of a tariff war was sparked after US President Donald Trump ordered tariffs on steel and aluminium imports from the EU and China.
The President said they were acting to protect American jobs and that global free trade deals had been "very, very bad" for the US.
Both China and the EU responded with the threat of import tariffs on US cars and agricultural goods totalling hundreds of billions of pounds.
Economists have warned that previous trade wars - such as during the 1930s recession - have exacerbated economic problems and that they lead to higher prices and lost jobs.
"The worrying trend is the increase in trade restrictive measures which has come at a time of increasing trade tensions and associated rhetoric," the WTO said in its report on trade between the 20 largest economies in the world - including the UK, the US, China and India, a group of countries also known as the G20.
"This should be of real concern to the international community."
Trade restrictions
The report on the seven months between October 2017 and May 2018 said that G20 countries imposed 39 new "trade restrictive" measures including taxes on imports.
That was double the number of the previous report.
It said the new sanctions affected $74.1bn (£56.2bn) of trade - one and half times higher than over the same period a year earlier.
The number of "trade facilitation" measures - which lower barriers between countries - totalled 47, affecting $82.7bn of trade.
That was half the value of the same period a year earlier.
The WTO said: "At a juncture where the global economy is finally beginning to generate sustained economic momentum following the financial crisis, the uncertainty created by a proliferation of trade restrictive practices could place the economic recovery in jeopardy."
"Further escalation could carry potentially large risks for the system itself.
"The G20 economies must use all means at their disposal to de-escalate the situation and promote further trade recovery."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption President Trump has said WTO rules discriminate against the US
Increased tensions
The warning from the WTO is likely to increase tensions with the US president who has said the present trade rules discriminate against the US, and has attacked the Geneva-based organisation which was launched in 1995 to encourage and police trade liberalisation.
The WTO does not agree with the US president's analysis, saying that fewer trade barriers support growth and jobs - not just for emerging market economies like China and India but for countries like the US as well.
Economic models show that lower import taxes tend to mean cheaper goods for consumers.
If China and the EU do follow through on their retaliatory threats, millions of American jobs linked to exports of food and cars, for example, could be put at risk, economists argue.
Recent threats
The think tank, Oxford Economics, said that recent threats of further sanctions by the US, the EU and China, could mean the extension of tariffs to a further 4% of world imports.
"We estimate tariffs have been imposed on on $60bn, 0.3%, of world trade so far, but this would rise to over $800bn of trade," it said.
"The current trade dispute risks worsening the 'creeping protectionism' trend visible since the 1990s.
"Lack of trade liberalisation has been especially notable among the advanced economies, where tariff levels remain stuck at early 2000s levels and both the US and EU impose significant non-tariff barriers."
Oxford Economics said that if the trade war escalates global growth could be cut by 0.4%, wiping hundreds of billions of pounds off the value of the world economy.
Broadchurch - A re-cap of the first two series
New NEXT opens in Birmingham Bullring
The Who announce their 50th anniversary tour
Rated! The best fish & chip shops in Birmingham a
Construction of SW8 at Alton Towers - video from
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Broadchurch has been praised for portraying the harrowing reality of rape after the last every episode aired on Monday night.
The third series closed with Michael Lucas, the son of cab driver Clive, being revealed as the rapist in the gritty ITV drama.
Lucas had been plied with alcohol and forced to rape Trish Winterman by their friend Leo Humphries.
Somerset and Avon Rape and Sexual Abuse Support, a charity that advised on the series, said the show performed "excellent work" in portraying the reality of rape.
Avon and Somerset Police deputy chief constable Gareth Morgan said: "That was harrowing viewing but vital message landed.
"Rape is not sex.
"It's about power and control."
Lib Dem peer Meral Hussein-Ece tweeted: "#Broadchurch brilliant in highlighting rape is not about sex, it's only about male power & control. Victim never to blame, only the rapist."
Support also came from domestic violence campaign UK Says No More.
Detective Sergeant Ellie Miller (played by Olivia Colman) and DI Alec Hardy (played by David Tennant) closed in on Lucas at the end of the eight-part series.
This series saw them lead an investigation into the rape of Trish (played by Julie Hesmondhalgh) in the fictional Dorset town.
The main suspects for the attack on Trish have included their ex Ian Winterman (Charlie Higson), their best friend's husband Jim Atwood Mark Bazeley), cab driver Clive Lucas (Sebastian Armesto) and Trish's boss, shop owner Ed Burnett (Sir Lenny Henry).
There are many ways to dampen down speculation surrounding one's leadership ambitions. However, writing an article headlined ‘I do not plan to be PM, but here is how the Tories could lead better' isn't one of them. This is what Jacob Rees-Mogg did this morning for the Telegraph, thereby pouring petrol on reports over the weekend that they are ‘sounding out' friends and considering throwing their hat into the ring to be the next leader.
While one Tory MP, Heidi Allen, has already broken rank to say they would leave the party if Rees-Mogg were to become leader, many activists will hope the reports prove to be true. The Moggster – as they have come to be known – has developed a cult following, with Tory activists deeming them to be the Conservative answer to Corbyn. In a sign that the Old Etonian's traditional conservative values – no to gay marriage, yes to spending cuts – have a place in modern times, they have more than 40,000 followers on Instagram and 29,000 likes on Facebook.
But before anyone gets too carried away, there are a few things to note (not least that it's August). Even if Rees-Mogg were to aim for No 10, a Conservative leadership contest would work against such a rogue candidate. Unlike in the Labour party, a candidate must survive several rounds of votes by MPs. Plus, when Theresa May does go, the vacancy won't just be for leader, it will be for Prime Minister. It follows that someone with Cabinet experience is a safer bet. In truth, it's likely that Rees-Mogg is aware of their limitations. But they – like their colleagues – will also know that leadership talk can increase the chance of getting a plum government role when the time comes.
McLeod honors hospital employees
McLeod Health Clarendon officials recognized employees April 19 for their years of service during the Employee Service Awards Luncheon.
“The values of McLeod Health are demonstrated through the dedication and commitment of our employees,” said McLeod Health Clarendon Administrator Rachel Gainey. “The Value of Caring, the Value of the Person, the Value of Quality, the Value of Integrity and our mission of providing patients with medical excellence are the foundation of our daily focus.”
Fifty-six McLeod Health Clarendon employees were honored during the service for their contributions to the organization. Each employee was recognized for their cumulative years of dedicated service, including those years of service at Clarendon Memorial Hospital.
“When combined, these employees have dedicated more than 525 years of caring to patients and families in Clarendon and surrounding counties,” said Gainey, who ended the program with praise for McLeod Health Clarendon's improvements in patient satisfaction, attributing it to the dedication of the employees and leadership working together.
FIVE YEARS
Samantha Adams, Ashlee Benton, Tracy Boykin, Jennifer Burke, Ellen Burrows, Margaret DuBose, William Dunlap, Christopher Dymond, Alyson Eastep, Shandell Gibson, Jace Goldberg, Thea Hawkins, Stephanie Hipp, Brandi Hodge, Tiffany Jones, Thomas Klvana, Charles “Mickey” Llyod, Debra Love-Ballard, Katherine Marlowe, Dr. Wilmot McCollough, Elvira McFadden, Sabrina Mellerson, Denise Melton, Amanda Moore, John Moses, Laurie Pack, Deborah Richardson, Paul Schumacher, Michele Shope, Ashley Stewart, Michael “Doug” White and Amanda Wilson.
10 YEARS
Betty Dukes, Maggie Harrison, Jill Hedrick, Joshlyn Kinlaw, Pat Kolb, Dawn Rowell, Stuart Smith, Abbie Tisdale, T.I. Walker and Lori Welch.
15 YEARS
Ashley Chandler, Rachel Gainey, Robert Graham, Timothy Hinson, Susan McElveen, Leigh Reed, Tracey Strickland, Kayla Williams, and Charlene Young-Singletary.
20 YEARS
Johanna Wilson
25 YEARS
Mary “Shelia” Dingle and Pamela Flagler.
30 years
Loretta Benbow and Linda Sharper.
2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is an organic compound that belongs to the family of secondary alcohols. Also known as diisobutyl carbinol, it is found in the form of colorless to pale yellow liquid with sweet odor. It is slightly soluble in water; however, 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is miscible with most organic solvents. Key features of 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol include high boiling point, slow evaporation, low density, low emission of volatile organic compounds, lack of hazardous air pollutants, strong solvency and good viscosity, and surface tension reduction in high solids coatings.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20636
2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is used as a solvent in many industrial applications such as extraction of acetic acid, ethyl acetate, methyl ethyl ketone, and ethanol from aqueous solution. It is used as an extraction solvent for neptunium, niobium, protactinium, and zirconium-88. It is also employed in the manufacture of hydrogen peroxide, shellac, lacquers, printing inks, and resins such as urea-melamine resins, vinyl-chloride-acetate resins, and alkyd resins. 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is used as a floating agent and surface active agent in the production of rubber and plastics. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of brake fluids. 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is employed as a defoaming agent in the manufacture of paperboard and chemical intermediate for dyes, perfume, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, lubricants, and lube oil additives. It is used as a wetting agent in lithographic printing. Furthermore, it is employed for the extraction of vitamins and minerals. 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is biodegradable and is considered non-toxic to fish and other aquatic organisms on an acute basis.
Based on concentration, the 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol market can be segmented into 98.0%, 98.5% 99.0%, and 99.5%. Demand for 98.0% and 98.5% concentration based products is expected to be higher due to the large consumption in rubber chemicals, aroma chemicals, printing inks, adhesives coatings, specialty intermediates, lube additives, and paints & coatings industries. In terms of consumption, rising demand for lube oil additives is expected to be the primary factor driving the 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol market. Increase in usage in the resin industry is also anticipated to boost market growth. Furthermore, it delivers specific performance characteristics such as low VOC emission and strong solvency due to its compatibility with other organic solvents. These are some of the other factors augmenting the 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol market. Supply of 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is frequently inadequate due to the limited availability of diisobutyl ketone, which acts as a chemical intermediate during the production process. This is likely to restrain the market growth. However, development of bio-based feedstock for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol can help create opportunities for market players and suppliers.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/2-6dimethyl-2-heptanol-market.html
The global market for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa in terms of region. Demand for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is expected to increase significantly in Asia Pacific during the forecast period. This is primarily due to the rising industrialization and urbanization. China, South Korea, India, Thailand, Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Indonesia are some of the major consumers of 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol in Asia Pacific. North America and Europe are comparatively mature markets; however, recovering economies in these regions such as Spain, Ireland, and Canada are expected to further boost the market growth. Additionally, demand for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is expected to increase in Latin America due to the rise in demand for lube oil and synthetic resins.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
The Santa Barbara Equality Project, a program of the Pacific Pride Foundation, will host a Santa Barbara City Council candidate forum from 6 to 9 p.m. Monday, Oct. 10 at La Casa de la Raza, 601 E. Montecito St.
The forum, “Exploring Local Issues,” is organized by the Equality Project in conjunction with community partners the Pacific Pride Foundation, the Boys & Girls Club, Casa Esperanza, Santa Barbara Village, the Environmental Defense Center, La Casa de la Raza and Transition House.
The “Exploring Local Issues” forum will be a nonpartisan, town hall-style event that will provide a unique opportunity for Santa Barbara City Council candidates to address a wide variety of community concerns with the leaders of prominent local organizations and the voting public.
The forum represents the continued desire of participating organizations to impact the Santa Barbara community, collaborate with other nonprofit organizations providing important services to the people of Santa Barbara, and engage with local government in nonpartisan, issue-based settings.
David Selberg, executive director of the Pacific Pride Foundation, said offering a City Council candidate forum such as this one is important because the community organizations hosting our town hall have had to deal with huge cutbacks in governmental funding in the past two years.
“This impacts the quality of life for everyone here in Santa Barbara,” Selberg said. “We need to stand together to hold our elected officials accountable on our issues and on allies across issues.”
The Nov. 8 election will be vote-by-mail only, with ballots set to be mailed out Oct. 11.
— Meredith Munn is the Santa Barbara Equality Project coordinator for the Pacific Pride Foundation.
Top seed Simona Halep recovered from a slow start to reach the second round of the French Open.
The Romanian, a two-time runner-up at Roland Garros, found themselves 5-0 down to American Alison Riske in Wednesday's opening match on Court Philippe Chatrier.
Riske went on to take the first set but Halep finally woke up and dropped just two more games in registering a 2-6 6-1 6-1 victory.
Halep, still hunting a maiden Grand Slam title, will face another American, Taylor Townsend, in round two.
Halep refused to blame the rain delay, which prevented them from playing Tuesday evening, for their sluggish beginning.
“I had a slow start because it's always tough to start this tournament,” they said.
“It's a pleasure to come here and to play, so always I feel nervous at the beginning.
“But it was good that I came back so strong. I felt really well in the end of the match, and that's the most important for now.”
In the second round, fourth seed Elina Svitolina, of Ukraine, breezed past Slovakian Viktoria Kuzmova 6-3 6-4.
Petra Kvitova, the Czech eighth seed, was untroubled by Lara Arruaberra of Spain in a 6-0 6-4 victory to take them into the third round, where they will face Estonia's Anett Kontaveit.
RESULTS
Women's singles first round
(1) Simona Halep (Rom) bt Alison Riske (USA) 2-6 6-1 6-1
Second round
(4) Elina Svitolina (Ukr) bt Viktoria Kuzmova (Svk) 6-3 6-4
(8) Petra Kvitova (Cze) bt Lara Arruabarrena (Esp) 6-0 6-4
(21) Naomi Osaka (Jpn) bt Zarina Diyas (Kaz) 6-4 7-5
(25) Anett Kontaveit (Est) bt Alexandra Dulgheru (Rom) 7-5 6-2
(26) Barbora Zahlavova Strycova (Cze) bt Ekaterina Makarova (Rus) 6-4 6-2
(31) Mihaela Buzarnescu (Rom) bt Rebecca Peterson (Swe) 6-1 6-2
Katerina Siniakova (Cze) bt Kateryna Kozlova (Ukr) 6-7 (4-7) 6-4 6-4
After spending six years leading the company, Sony CEO Kazuo “Kaz” Hirai is stepping down as CEO of Sony. On April 1, they will move to the position of chairperson, while Kenichiro Yoshida, Sony's chief financial officer for the last five years, will take over as president-CEO.
Hirai replaced then-CEO Sir Howard Stringer in 2012 after working in the Sony Computer Entertainment division since 1995, where they were instrumental in the rise of the PlayStation brand. A year after they became CEO, Sony posted its first net profit in five years.
Sony Corp. announced the management shuffle ahead of today's quarterly earnings report, which saw record Q3 profits. The company said it was Hirai who proposed the change to the Sony board's nominating committee. The decision was approved at a board meeting yesterday.
“As the company approaches a crucial juncture, when we will embark on a new mid-range plan, I consider this to be the ideal time to pass the baton of leadership to new management, for the future of Sony and also for myself to embark on a new chapter in my life,” Hirai said in a statement.
According to Variety, Hirai decided to step down because of their exhausting travel schedule. They intend to spend more time with their family at their Northern California home once they move into their new role.
Hirai and Yoshida have worked together for several years, bringing financial stability to the company. Some of the major changes they oversaw were the sale of Sony's Vaio PC division and the restructuring of its TV business.
“Mr. Yoshida combines a deeply strategic mindset with a relentless determination to achieve defined targets, and the ability to take a global viewpoint,” Hirai added. “I believe they possess the breadth of experience and perspective, as well as the unwavering leadership qualities required to manage Sony's diverse array of businesses, and as such is the ideal person to drive the company forward into the future. As Chairman, I will of course offer my full support to Mr. Yoshida and the new management team, and do all I can to facilitate a smooth transition and ensure their future success.”
Ciarán Fitzgerald, Keith Wood and Brian O'Driscoll have many things in common from a rugby perspective but perhaps the least well known is that they all made their Ireland debuts in Australia, coincidentally in the city of Brisbane.
Fitzgerald was uncapped when chosen in the squad to tour Australia in 1979 and would have been seen initially as a back-up to Garryowen's Pat Whelan, who was the starting Irish hooker in the previous 14 Test matches.
Coach Noel Murphy's Irish side won one, drew two and lost one of their matches in the Five Nations Championship earlier that season. The tour got off to an unfortunate start when prop Ned Byrne was knocked down by a car two nights before the first tour match and ended up with a badly fractured leg; but it was a selection controversy that was to dominate the headlines ahead of the first Test.
Ollie Campbell was preferred to Tony Ward, the then European rugby player of the year, for the first Test. Both had played beautifully on tour but it was Campbell who was handed the number 10 jersey for the first Test against the Wallabies at Ballymore in Brisbane.
They were outstanding as Ireland hammered the Aussies 27-12, scrumhalf Colin Patterson crossing for two tries, with Campbell converting both and kicking four penalties and a drop goal.
Victory
The margin in the second Test in Sydney was less emphatic, but once again the Old Belvedere playmaker guided their side to victory, landing a penalty and a brace of drop goals. Campbell, one of Irish rugby's all-time great players, would remain their country's first-choice outhalf until their injury enforced retirement in 1984.
There were two other debutants in that first Test, St Mary's College fullback Rodney O'Donnell and the man who replaced them when they sustained an injury during the game, Frank Ennis; it was the Wanderers fullback's one and only cap.
The 1979 tour was the second time that Ireland had visited Australia, the first 1967, when an Ireland side captained by Tom Kiernan beat the Wallabies 11-5 with tries from centres Pat McGrath and Jerry Walsh with Kiernan tagging on a conversion and drop goal.
Mike Gibson provides a link between those two successful Ireland tours to Australia. In 1967 they were outhalf on the team that triumphed in Sydney and made their final and what was then a world record, 69th appearance as an outside centre in the second Test (Sydney) in 1977, bringing to a conclusion a career that marked them as the one the sport's best ever players.
So while Ireland were 3-0 at one stage in Tests on Australian soil, they have subsequently lost all 10 matches against the Wallabies in Oz, including a couple of World Cup matches in 1987 (33-15) – Brian Smith, who scored a try for Australia that day went on to play for Ireland – and 2003 (17-16), a game remembered for O'Driscoll's tiptoe down the touchline to dot down in the corner.
Four first caps
Wood was one of four debutants in the first Test (1994) alongside Jonathan Bell, David Corkery and Niall Woods while five years later a 20-year old O'Driscoll, who had yet to play for Leinster, was given their first cap by then the Ireland coach Warren Gatland. They aren't alone in making their Test match bow as Matt Mostyn and Tom Tierney also wore the green jersey for the first time.
In total, 15 Irish players have been handed a first cap in Australia. 1967: Terry Moore; 1979 (first Test): Rodney O'Donnell, Ciarán Fitzgerald, Frank Ennis; 1994 (first Test): Jonathan Bell, Keith Wood, David Corkery, Niall Woods; (second Test): Gabriel Fulcher; 1999 (first Test): Brian O'Driscoll, Matt Mostyn, Tom Tierney. 2010 (first Test): Rhys Ruddock, Damien Varley, Chris Henry.
Joe Schmidt's Ireland squad begin their journey to Australia on Thursday night and will create a little history when they face Michael Cheika's Wallabies for the first time in a three-Test series, coming on the back of a 12-match winning streak: and for the uncapped Irish tourists, Tadhg Beirne and Ross Byrne the prospect of joining some illustrious company.
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
NCW — Sober driving isn't just about alcohol anymore.
A study by the Washington Traffic Safety Commission shows that drugs — including pot — are increasingly a factor in fatal crashes across Washington state.
Officials say there's not enough data yet to determine how much of an impact legalizing pot has had on traffic fatalities. But while fatal crashes involving alcohol alone have gone down, those involving more than one substance are on the rise. And one of the substances…
Just before graduation, the seniors at Laguna Blanca School launched themselves off of campus in May and landed all over the globe, gaining valuable real-world experience as part of the school's long-standing Senior Project program.
After two days of presentations in the school's auditorium, faculty members selected Olivia Berci (who will be attending Johns Hopkins University in the fall) and Jessica Dusebout (who will matriculate to UC Berkeley) as this year's recipients of the Top Senior Project Award, as the two traveled together to provide medical assistance to earthquake victims in Haiti.
The aspiring doctors approached biology teacher Staci Richard before the school year looking for an advisor to oversee an independent study on public health. They arranged their trip to the poverty-stricken Caribbean nation on their own and embarked nervously in the spring, finding themselves face-to-face with death and desperation amid endless tent cities. They helped dole out medications, helped patients try to find medical attention, and provided what comfort they could to children who had no other source of care.
They recorded their meetings with Haitian people in touching fashion on a blog they developed to chronicle their trip.
“We've learned to love without limits, even when we're peed on or have snotty noses snuggled into our necks,” Berci and Dusebout said on their blog. “Our time spent at the clinic has affirmed our shared goal of becoming physicians and of one day returning to places like Haiti to do what, right now, we can't.”
The other seniors receiving High Honors recognition were Eddie Conk (who will join Dusebout in the fall at UC Berkeley) and Elijah Bittleston (who will begin their plebe summer shortly at the U.S. Naval Academy) for their work creating a website for The Treasure House, a main source of scholarship funds for the Music Academy of the West. The two spent countless hours meticulously categorizing inventory, coding a user-friendly site and instructing employees on how to use it moving forward.
Multiple projects have turned into internship and job offers for the coming summer. Other Senior Projects recognized include:
» Anastasia Antonova — Internship with Santa Barbara Magazine and C Magazine
» J.T. Aubery — “The Success Principles” internship with world-renowned author Jack Canfield
» Marla Bonser — Personal training and nutrition with Jenny Schatzle
» Chris Burke — Electrical engineering with Porsches at Apex Speed Tech
» Karinna Carrillo — Prenatal and maternal health at Cottage Hospital, observing emergency surgeries and lifesaving efforts on premature babies
» Clarissa Coburn — Where's Waldo project coordination at Granada Books
» Caitlin Connor — International recruitment internship at GSR2R in London
» Helena Davila — Product development and design at Horny Toad Active Wear
» JetÃ Dongieux — Instructor at Curtis Studio of Dance
» Joey Eckert — Event coordination with the Santa Barbara Athletic Round Table
» Tess Elder — Internship at Maui and Sons headquarters
» Daria Etezadi — Photojournalism and orphanage service in Tajikistan
» Alex Hawker — Computer programming at Procore Industries
» Chanelle Janssens — Event planning at Crown Weddings in San Diego
» Brian Miguel — Physical therapy at Elite Performance and Rehabilitation
» Brendon Nylen — Housing market analysis at RDN Economic Consulting
» Courtney O'Donnell — Assisting with the Dream Foundation in granting final wishes to the terminally ill
» Justin Palmer — Soft robotics and materials engineering at UCSB
» Bryana Schantz — An internship with Technical Associates Inc. studying crime scene investigation and forensic science
» Duke Schnieder — Immunology investigation with Dr. Vincent Tubiolo
» Zoe Serbin — Animation portfolio development at Disney Studios
» Cassidy Shevitz — Superstorm Sandy relief work in New Jersey
» Benji Sorensen — Accounting internship at Koosharem Corp.
» Isabella Taron — Retail internship and store management at Wendy Foster's Angel
» Kyle Van de Kamer — Photography at Concrete and Clay Productions
Laguna Blanca School is a K-12 co-educational, college preparatory day school. It guides students to greater heights by building upon the 80-year tradition of academic excellence with new and innovative teaching methods and programs. With the introduction of the iPad initiative, the global studies program, the new outdoor adventure education program, and the renovation of the library into a state-of-the-art academic research center, the school continues to broaden and enrich students' educational experience. Click here for more information.
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing Laguna Blanca School.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is no name for the bran condition little Alfie Evans is suffering from.
One judge has suggested it may one day be named after the Liverpool toddler.
What we do know is that doctors say the condition is “relentless and progressive” and has resulted in signs of a very high water content in the brain.
Alder Hey hospital, where Alfie is brought treated has said the youngster has suffered “catastrophic degradation of their brain tissue” over time.
In February the High Court, sitting at Liverpool Family and Civil Court, heard many hours of evidence about the undiagnosed abnormality.
Here, BirminghamLive's sister title the Liverpool Echo has outlined what is known of the rare condition at this point.
What is wrong with Alfie?
(Image: PA)
Alfie has a progressive neuro-degenerative disease associated with severe epilepsy.
The vast majority of neuro-degenerative diseases are irreversible and have no treatment or cure.
Children with neuro-degenerative diseases are often born with no symptoms of these diseases and appear perfectly healthy.
Over time however the symptoms of the disease develop as vital nerve tissue is destroyed.
The ability to eat, smile, communicate, swallow and breathe can be lost by those affected.
What has happened to Alfie's brain?
In simple terms, the vast majority of white matter in Alfie's brain has been wiped out.
Doctors say Alfie has suffered significant brain damage because of a progressive, degenerative condition that has left their brain mostly as water and spinal fluid.
A judge said a brain scan as early as November 2016 showed Alfie's brain was “not right”.
Since then, “destructive” changes have destroyed the pathways which regulate the vital “control structure” in the brain - responsible for processing any information, from touch to sound to taste to smell.
Experts say it has also affected the area responsible for being awake and responsive.
The most recent scan referred to in court showed that only around 30% of the white matter, “or perhaps less”, remained in Alfie's brain.
How has their brain changed over time?
(Image: PA)
An initial brain scan in November 2016 showed some white matter abnormality, which has continued to progress.
An initial EEG – a “brainwave test” – showed Alfie was suffering from infantile spasms, a particular type of seizure that can occur in the first year of life.
An epilepsy expert said more recent EEGs showed there was now “nothing happening” in terms of Alfie's brainwaves between seizures.
They said this showed the cortex of their brain was not functioning other than to produce seizures.
The cortex is behind many of our key bodily functions, including thinking and awareness.
Another doctor who gave evidence during the court case said recent images showed an increase in water content and a reduction in fatty tissues.
Could Alfie's brain recover?
Doctors who gave evidence during the court case said Alfie's brain had continued to deteriorate and their underlying neurological, degenerative disease had progressed.
They said they did not believe there was any chance of recovery.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Alfie's dad Tom has questioned whether nerve cells in their brain could recover if the destructive process slows down.
But experts told the court case brain tissue cannot regenerate and once nerve cells are destroyed, they are gone.
Alder Hey witness Dr A said in their opinion the areas of Alfie's brain showing some function will stop functioning and will not improve.
Why does Alfie have seizures and appear to respond to touch if their brain is being destroyed?
Doctors who were asked about this during the court case say Alfie's brain does not have the ability to transmit any meaningful information, even if neurones are capable of generating them.
Alfie's family see videos of them appearing to respond to touch as vital evidence that their life support must not be removed.
Experts called by Alder Hey say these are “reflex” movements in response to stimulation.
One, who can be referred to only as Dr A, said these involuntary responses were generated by brain stem tissue and can happen any time as an “auto-pilot response”.
What about people with brain conditions who do recover?
In some cases when part of the brain was damaged, other areas of the brain can take over the functions.
This is particularly true in young brains, and even more so in babies.
But in Alfie's case, doctors said this only applied when issues are limited to certain areas of the brain - whereas their whole brain is affected.
They say this means it is impossible to perceive any other areas – which are equally injured or non-functioning – taking over any of these functions.
Why hasn't the condition been diagnosed?
Genetic testing and other medical investigations have taken place, but doctors have not been able to confirm the specific condition or type of neuro-degenerative condition Alfie has.
Medical experts from Alder Hey and other hospitals, both in the UK and abroad, believe it is irreversible and untreatable.
A doctor giving evidence during the court case said they had seen similar “patterns” of decline in other patient's brains, but not at Alfie's age or with such severity.
Although supporters still hope the condition can be formally diagnosed, Alder Hey said this would not help identify any additional treatment that would reverse their symptoms or make Alfie better.
They say they have remained unresponsive to every available treatment.
Leo Varadkar was elected Taoiseach yesterday and immediately announced a Cabinet reshuffle in which they promoted several Fine Gael TDs to leadership positions.
Mr Varadkar also reconfigured some Government departments and made the Departments of Finance and Public Expenditure the responsibility of, Paschal Donohoe.
Ten years to the day since they entered the Dáil as a TD, Mr Varadkar succeeded Enda Kenny following a vote which they won by 57 to 50, with 45 TDs abstaining.
In their acceptance speech, they paid tribute to their predecessor whose leadership, they said, “enabled me to become an equal citizen in my own country only two short years ago and to aspire to hold this office – an aspiration which I once thought was beyond my reach, at least if I chose to be myself.”
The election of Mr Varadkar, who is 38-years-old, a gay man and the son of an immigrant from India, has made headlines around the world.
Declaring that they were “elected to lead but I promise to serve,” Mr Varadkar strongly recommitted themselves to the Coalition arrangement with Independent TDs, supported by Fianna Fáil.
European centre
“The Government I will lead will be one of the new European centre, as we seek to build a republic of opportunity that is a republic in which every citizen gets a fair go and has the opportunity to succeed, and in which every part of the country has a chance to share in our prosperity,” Mr Varadkar told the Dáil after their election.
Later, Mr Varadkar returned from Áras an Uachtaráin for a series of phone calls with European leaders and meetings with their incoming Cabinet.
As expected, Mr Donohoe was given the additional responsibility for the Department of Finance, though the two departments will remain separate.
Simon Coveney, who Mr Varadkar made deputy Fine Gael leader after defeating them in the party leadership contest, becomes Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Charlie Flanagan moves from Iveagh House to the Department of Justice, and Frances Fitzgerald, who will stay on as Tánaiste, moves to the Department of Enterprise.
There were promotions to the Cabinet for Mr Varadkar's campaign manager Eoghan Murphy, who takes the housing portfolio, for veteran Mayo TD Michael Ring, who becomes Minister for Community and Rural Affairs and for former chief whip Regina Doherty, who takes on the Taoiseach's former role in the Department of Social Protection.
A new Department of Culture will succeed the Department of Arts and Heritage but Heather Humphreys will remain at the helm.
After much speculation that they were in line for the sack, Simon Harris was retained as Minister for Health and given responsibility for delivering a referendum on the Eighth Amendment next year.
Richard Bruton will remain in charge of the Department of Education.
Mr Varadkar signalled that they will seek to change Dáil rules that allow equal speaking time for small and large parties, a move that is likely to be fiercely resisted by the smaller parties and non-Government independents.
“It is important in a democracy to have diversity. However, democracy is also about proportionality,” Mr Varadkar said.
“Therefore, the equal right to speak must also apply to Ministers and backbenchers of this party and also members of the main Opposition party”.
The only loser in Mr Varadkar's much-anticipated but cautious reshuffle was former minister for jobs Mary Mitchell O'Connor.
They lose their full Cabinet position in charge of a department but was appointed a super junior Minister in charge of higher education.
They will continue to sit at Cabinet but does not have a vote or command over a departmental budget.
Rejected an offer
Government sources said the delay in announcing the Cabinet line up was because Mrs Mitchell O'Connor had rejected an offer of a junior ministry in the Department of Justice, with responsibility for equality and law reform.
However, it is understood they declined that position and held a second meeting with Mr Varadkar which led to their new role. Sources close to Mr Varadkar said Ms O'Connor “made their dissatisfaction known”.
A number of Ministers of State including Sean Kyne and key backbenchers including John Paul Phelan were known to be deeply disappointed at the reshuffle last night. Mr Varadkar will announce their junior ministers next week.
(WSVN) - At Help Me Howard with Patrick Fraser, they like to say most people are good. And we were all reminded of that with their story about a woman who was having trouble proving they owned their SUV. That story aired, and as Patrick tells us, South Floridians came rushing in to help them
We first met Jackie when they were waiting for their son — a son that was born with cerebral palsy.
Jackie Chavarria, many SUV problems: “They told me that my son would never walk, talk, speak, play with other kids. Listen, I said my son is going to do all that!”
Look at Romeo today — energetic and active thanks to their determined woman.
Jackie Chavarria: “I did the part of mother, physician and therapist, so whatever they tell me to do, I do it at home.”
Jackie had called us because they had saved their money to buy a — to be polite — deeply defective SUV from a used car dealer.
Jackie Chavarria: “I'm angry, I'm upset.”
The dealership went out of business and Jackie could not get the title to their car. We helped them there.
Jackie Chavarria: “Thank you, Help Me Howard. Got my tag, title and registration.”
But as our story wrapped up, we pointed out that Jackie's SUV had a half-dozen mechanical problems and wouldn't crank.
Jackie Chavarria: “I'm hoping God sends me an angel to help me with the car. Can't lose faith.”
Our story aired — and boy, did the angels in South Florida come rushing in.
We heard from about 20 people who wanted to fix their car or pay to get it repaired.
Jackie Chavarria: “I was shocked. I was shocked.”
Checks came in. One was for $500. Each donor said, “I want to be anonymous, but I want to make sure Jackie gets help.”
AJ Poulin, Lee's Car Care: “I was sitting at home watching Help Me Howard, and we like giving back.”
Lee's Car Care was the first repair shop to step forward. They paid to have Jackie's car towed to their business.
A few days later, when the car was ready, AJ and Hernando from Dream Ride Transportation came in a limo to pick up Jackie and Romeo for free.
Hernando Rocha, Dream Ride Transportation: “When somebody needs help, it's just the right thing to do. If we don't help each other, who will?”
Jackie Chavarria: “I've never been in a limo, so it's my first time.”
Romeo was in awe.
At Lee's Car Care, the surprises continued.
AJ Poulin: “Romeo, all these guys right here, they got you this!”
They also bought new shoes for Romeo.
And AJ, the general manager at Lee's Care Car, had a gift card for a Jackie.
Jackie Chavarria: “Thank you so much, guys.”
Of course, Lee's Car Care had fixed everything that was wrong with the SUV.
AJ Poulin: “We changed all their brakes for her, put a new fuel pump in the car, new battery in the car, changed all the fluids, detailed the car for her, so Romeo can have fun riding around.”
AJ had the idea to help Jackie, but their mechanics wanted to step in as well.
AJ Poulin: “The guys wanted to donate their time and we donated the parts and that stuff. If they took it somewhere, it would be close to $2,000.”
To say Jackie was overwhelmed would be an understatement.
Jackie Chavarria: “This is awesome. There are no words to really explain it.”
No words, but plenty of gratitude for AJ and their guys.
Jackie Chavarria: “He went beyond fixing the car, more than I ever expected or wish. I also want to say thank you to those who donated.”
Jackie got so much help from so many wonderful people.
AJ Poulin: “We love doing this.”
And they left a wonderful lady feeling very special.
Jackie Chavarria: “It's beautiful. You feel in one way you won a lottery, but lottery in humanity.”
Wow, wow, wow. So many wonderful people wanted to help, and so many did. Thank you all, not only from Jackie, but all of us at Help Me Howard.
Got a problem you need to repair? Rather have good will instead of hearing good luck. Contact us. We aren't good with a lug wrench, but we would too happy to donate our time.
CONTACT HELP ME HOWARD:
Email: helpmehoward@wsvn.com
Reporter: Patrick Fraser at pfraser@wsvn.com
Miami-Dade: 305-953-WSVN
Broward: 954-761-WSVN
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tottenham have opened talks with Ajax over the transfer of Davinson Sánchez, with Mauricio Pochettino increasingly confident of signing them after the Colombia defender informed the Dutch side that they want to move to White Hart Lane.
Having sold Kyle Walker to Manchester City for a fee that could reach €55m, Pochettino has been searching for reinforcements to their squad and identified the 21-year-old as the perfect player to complement Toby Alderweireld and Jan Vertonghen in their back three.
Over the weekend Tottenham held preliminary talks with Ajax, who signed Sánchez from the Colombian side Atlético Nacional for €5m last summer, although the Dutch club have so far insisted they are not for sale.
However, with Sánchez understood to have been impressed with Pochettino's plans for them after a breakthrough season at Ajax in which they helped them reach the Europa League final, a source close to the player has admitted they have their heart set on moving to north London despite late interest from Chelsea.
Tottenham officials are believed to have travelled to Amsterdam on Monday to continue negotiations, with Ajax holding out for a fee close to €40m given that Sánchez still has four years of their contract to run. Spurs are expected to offer an initial €30m with significant add-ons as they attempt step up their recruitment drive after a summer that has yet to see any new arrivals.
There is also serious interest in the Celta Vigo midfielder Pape Cheikh, who is available for around €10m and is wanted by Pochettino to add competition in central midfield. Born in Senegal, the 20-year-old has represented Spain at several youth levels and was part of the side which won the European Under-19 Championships in 2015.
Any potential move for Ross Barkley could depend on the completion of that deal, with Tottenham so far not prepared to pay Everton's asking price of €33m. The England midfielder is in the final year of their contract at Goodison Park having refused to sign a new deal worth €110,000 a week.
Guardian Service
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
 They are the Brummie boxing champ known to thousands of fight fans across the country as Funtime Frankie.
But Frankie Gavin could soon be dubbed Runtime Frankie.
That is because they are all set to take on the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10K – to raise funds for Birmingham Children's Hospital where their cousin's two-day-old son, Calum, was treated.
Frankie Gavin's cousin, Mike McMahon, will be joining them at the event on Bank Holiday Sunday, May 6.
Commonwealth Games gold medal-winning boxer Frankie is in good shape for the 10K – despite an ankle injury earlier this year, which forced the postponement of their hometown IBO World Welterweight Championship Title fight against African Bethuel Ushona.
The 32-year-old was more than happy to support Birmingham Children's Hospital when they heard how specialist nurses helped Callum, when they became unresponsive – 48 hours after they were born.
Mike, 37, a self-employed engineer working with Severn Trent Water, said: “Baby Callum was born at Birmingham Women's Hospital on Wednesday, March 28th and discharged on the 31st, in good health.
“Then, around 11.30 in the evening, they became unresponsive. My wife and I rang an ambulance and the paramedics explained they had a problem with their blood sugars so they were transferred by blue light to Birmingham Children's Hospital where they stayed in an emergency ward for 12 hours of treatment.
“Once they stabilised them they were moved to another ward where they remained under supervision with specialist ongoing care.
“Callum is now being monitored and the problems they have had will subside over the coming weeks. We're pleased to say they are back home with us now.
“The clinical care the Children's Hospital provided for Callum was unbelievable. Arguably they saved their lives.
“Plus, the support they offered my wife, Jasmin, and I was incredible and we can't thank them enough. This is why we signed up to raise money at the 10K for them.”
Frankie, who is looking to announce their next title fight at the end of June, explained how Mike's fundraising for the 10K resonated with him.
“We're close family and when Mike told me they were doing this I jumped at the chance to join him,” they said.
“The work of the Children's Hospital is amazing and they need all the support they can get.
“Being a dad, it really hits home just how we might need them at some stage and it's great to help.”
Frankie, who runs the Ringside Gym in Acocks Green, held the British and Commonwealth welterweight titles between 2012 and 2015.
As an amateur they won gold in the lightweight division at the 2007 World Championships, becoming England's first ever winner.
They won lightweight gold at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Miranda Williams, Public Fundraising Manager at Birmingham Children's Hospital Charity, said: “The Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10K is a key fundraising event for our charity.
“We're incredibly grateful to Frankie and Mike, as well as all of our kind-hearted supporters, for choosing to take on the challenge in aid of our hospital and brave patients. Thanks to you, we are able to raise the vital funds required to continue helping our 90,000 sick kids each year.”
• To support Mike and Frankie and help raise money for Birmingham Children's Hospital visit here
How you can join Frankie and Mike
More than 7,000 participants of all running and walking abilities have signed up to take part in the music-loving Bank Holiday Weekend 10K, which features start waves tuned to the sounds of the 80s, 90s, Noughties and today's tracks.
With a limited number of places still available, organisers The Great Run Company have confirmed the last date and time to enter the 10K to have running numbers delivered by post is 10am on Thursday, April 26th.
The last date and time to enter online and collect running packs in person is 4pm on Friday, May 4th.
Sign up for the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10K now: http://www.greatrun.org/great-birmingham-10k
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man armed with a knife stole from Asda in Spondon.
Melvyn Fellows has now been jailed for the crime on July 11 and three counts of theft elsewhere in Derby on July 8.
Fellows 46, of Stonebroom Walk, was sent to prison for 18 weeks and ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge.
The following people have also recently been convicted at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court of the following offences:
Ian St Clair, 54, of Silverburn Drive, Derby, was handed a 12-month community order and was ordered to pay £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge for assault in Derby on October 19.
Frederick Fisher, 72, of Shipley Common Lane, Ilkeston, was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for a year and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order in their home town on July 31.
David Bell, 42, of Brunswick Street, Derby, was jailed for 12 weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for assault on July 2 and criminal damage on September 2, both in Derby.
Hugh Thompson, 26, of St James Avenue, Ilkeston, was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for a year, and was ordered to carry out 100 hours unpaid work, and was ordered to pay £450 costs, a £115 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for four years for drink driving and possessing a kitchen knife in public in High Lane Central, West Hallam, on September 24.
(Image: Library image)
Dominik Brandt, 24, of Twyford Street, Normanton, was jailed for 16 weeks, suspended for a year, and ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work and was ordered to [ay £100 hours unpaid work, £200 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for assault and theft at Poundland, at Derby's Intu Centre, on July 5.
Holly Lince, 18, of Chesterfield Avenue, Long Eaton, was handed a six-week community order, with curfew and was ordered to pay £85 costs and £85 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for two years for drink driving in Longmoor Lane, Sandiacre, on October 1.
Liam Schooler, 26, of The Greenway, Sandiacre, was handed a 12-month community order, with 120 hours unpaid work, and was ordered to pay £85 costs, an £85 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for four years for driving while unfit through drugs, driving without insurance or a valid licence in The Greenway, Sandiacre, on August 2.
John Sticka, 63, of Ridgeway, Chellaston, was jailed for 14 weeks, and was handed a five-year restraining order and was ordered to pay £620 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order in Coleman Street, Derby, on August 30.
John Gale, 38, of Raven Road, Yoxall, Burton, was fined £300 and was ordered to pay £85 costs, a £30 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for three years for drink driving in Victoria Crescent, Burton, on August 1.
Henry Gratton, 43, of Diamond Close, Sawley, was handed a 12-month community order and was ordered to pay £285.12 compensation, £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge for entering Southlands care Home, ion Main Street, Long Eaton as a trespasser and stealing a motion sensor, on October 31.
Robert Regan, 58, of Jedburgh Close, Stenson Fields, was handed a 12-month community order, with 60 hours unpaid work, and was ordered to pay £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge for two counts of breaching a restraining order in Normanton Road, on October 16 and 26.
Steven Banks, 43, of no fixed address, was jailed for 14 weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order, in Borrowash, on November 1.
Michael Tonks, 28, of Stanton Road, Burton, was jailed for 26 weeks, suspended for a year and was ordered to pay £150 compensation, £200 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for assault in Burton on May 29.
Gary Sailesman (corr), 44, of Finsley Walk, Derby, was jailed for eight weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for assault and theft at Greggs in East Street, Derby, on June 16 and for using racially-aggravated threatening or abusive words or behaviour and assaulting a police officer in Babington Lane, Derby, on July 18.
Raynaldo (corr) Maddix, 24, of Burnside Street, Derby, was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for 18 months, and was ordered to carry put 100 hours unpaid work and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for possessing a knife in public in Sinclair Close, Derby, on October 1.
Aaron Greener, 31, of Alexandra Gardens, Derby, was fined £120 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and £75 compensation for assault at the Royal Derby Hospital, in Derby, on August 5.
Lea Millns (both corr), 44, of Station Road, Melbourne, was jailed for 12weeks, suspended for a year, and was ordered to carry out 100 hours unpaid work and was ordered to pay £150 compensation and £85 costs for assault in Derby on October 1.
Luke Beresford, 27, of Sinfin Lane, Sinfin, was fined £240, and was ordered to pay £85 costs, a £30 victim surcharge and had their licence endorsed with six penalty points for driving without insurance and possessing cannabis in Sunny Hill Avenue, Derby, on July 8.
Stephen Finn, 35, of no fixed address, was jailed for seven weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for two counts of possessing the former legal high known as ‘black mamba' in Hartington Street, Normanton, on June 23 and July 23.
Andrew Harris, 18, of Thatch Close, Derby, was fined £155 and was ordered to pay £85 costs, a £30 victim surcharge and had their licence endorsed with six penalty points for driving without insurance, a licence and without due care and attention in Duffield Road, Derby, on July 23.
Ajai (corr) Lawrence, 21, of Bembridge Drive, Alvaston, was fined £120 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge for possessing cocaine in Derby on June 25.
Haroon Mushtaq, 23, of Lyndhurst Street, Normanton, was fined £200 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge for possessing cannabis in Lyndhurst Street, Normanton, on April 6.
Stephen Cudworth, 57, of Grey Street, Derby, was fined £120 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge for racially-aggravated assault in Leonard Walk, Derby, on May 19.
Lauren Hanson, 22, of Upper Moor Road, Derby, was fined £40 and was ordered to pay £50 compensation and £85 costs for being drunk and disorderly in Normanton Road and for criminal damage of a police car on November 1.
Paul Bostock, 38, of no fixed address, was jailed for eight weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order in Sandiacre on November 3.
For this dry run ahead of the 2019 World Cup, it's long established that Paddy Jackson would feature at outhalf against Japan on Saturday at the Shizuoka Ecopa Stadium but Joe Schmidt is also expected to name Simon Zebo at fullback and Andrew Conway on the right wing.
That means Tiernan O'Halloran and new cap Jacob Stockdale will make way. Jackson, who missed the US leg of this tour due to personal reasons, was always going to replace Joey Carbery, even before the 21-year-old suffered another ankle injury but an unchanged pack is a statement of intent entering this two match series.
“I think there'll be a little bit of continuity,” Ireland assistant coach Richie Murphy had confirmed.
“We didn't come over with the idea of making changes just to keep everyone happy. The first match here is going to be very tough. Japan is a good side, play some really good rugby so we'll try to keep some of the combinations we had, and just freshen it up a little at the same time.”
Changes are coming on the bench. James Tracy replaces Dave Heffernan as hooker cover, Finlay Bealham appears to have ousted Andrew Porter and, as Schmidt indicated after the 55-19 victory over the USA, Kieran Treadwell will make their debut at second row.
On merit, James Ryan and Porter deserve another run but it is envisaged that both have long international careers ahead of them. The former only featured in their first senior match as a professional last weekend, the latter has scrummed just six times as a tighthead (four of them for UCD).
Ireland's primary foe will be the stifling humidity promised by a 2pm kick-off (6am Irish time). It reached 33 degrees in Harrison, New Jersey last Saturday but the callow American opponents failed to make Schmidt's young side sweat.
“Yeah, it was warm, tough to breathe, and from what I hear it'll be even warmer this week,” said Josh van der Flier, who discarded that famous red scrum cap.
“Yeah, I tried it during the week and it was too warm, so I thought it'd be a bit more comfortable without it. It's the first time in about 15 years I haven't worn it. I'll probably take it off this week if it's too hot again.”
Despite mounting injuries, this remains a decent Japanese side – even if the administrational side of rugby in the country leaves a lot to be desired two years out from their World Cup. As it currently stands there will be no wifi at the 50,889 capacity Shizuoka Ecopa stadium, which is one of 12 venues eventually listed for 2019, on Saturday.
Last chance
At least they are well coached now. Tony Brown has begun translating their attacking playbook while Jamie Joseph laid the groundwork for the grunt displayed by the Highlanders in victory over the Lions last Tuesday morning.
The 28-year-old New Zealand-born flanker Michael Leitch, a regular for the Chiefs in Super Rugby, is supported by Tongan number eight Amanaki Mafi in a menacing backrow while Fumiaki Tanaka is a proven scrumhalf in Super Rugby with the Highlanders and more recently the Sunwolves.
Another Kiwi, Sean Reidy, who qualifies for Ireland via their Kerry grandmother, arrived from Auckland this week to replace the injured Tommy O'Donnell.
For many this could be their last chance to wear a green jersey before the World Cup. Bealham is one such player as John Ryan's dominant scrummaging for Munster, coupled with the rise of Porter, is putting severe strain on the Australian, who is Irish-qualified via an Enniskillen grandmother.
Factor in the situation Tadhg Furlong and Jack McGrath find themselves in New Zealand, and the Irish propping department has never looked so healthy.
Bealham, Conway, the uncapped Rory O'Loughlin, Ulster-bound scrumhalf John Cooney, Jack O'Donoghue, Reidy, Treadwell and of course Jackson are the tourists without any minutes so far.
In other Tokyo stories, a fully clothed group of Irish players and coaches took in the early morning sumo training at Musashigawa-beya in Edogawa ward on Wednesday. John Gunning, an Irish photographer and former sumo wrestler, helped facilitate the visit.
Fascinatingly, on the sushi front, scrumhalf Kiernan Marmion provided a glimpse into life as a professional rugby player: “We don't really get to choose what we get to eat most days. The Ireland nutritionist puts out what we have to eat. It's all been good so far and all really enjoyable. We just eat what we get given.”
So do we Kieran.
IRELAND (possible): S Zebo; A Conway, G Ringrose, L Marshall, K Earls; P Jackson, K Marmion; C Healy, N Scannell, J Ryan; Q Roux, D Toner; R Ruddock (capt), J van der Flier, J Conan. Replacements: D Kilcoyne, F Bealham, J Tracy, K Treadwell, D Leavy, L McGrath, R Scannell, J Stockdale/T O'Halloran.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
What do stormwater management, whale migration and inner peace have in common? They're the subjects of a few of the newest interpretive signs around the UC Santa Barbara campus.
Eight new interpretive signs now exist to inform visitors and answer common questions as they travel through different parts of the campus designated as natural areas.
“We hope that our readers will be inspired to value our natural resources, learn how to care for and manage those precious resources through the signs,” said Lisa Stratton, director of ecosystem management at the UCSB Cheadle Center for Biodiversity and Ecological Restoration.
The new signs are located at various places, and discuss a diversity of subjects: two at the Campus Lagoon talk about the Labyrinth and San Nicolas Wetland; while three signs on vernal pools, whale migration and bioswale function can be found at the Manzanita Village. The final three signs, located at the corner of Los Carneros and El Colegio roads, celebrate the completion of the San Clemente Stormwater Management and Habitat Restoration Project, and include the natural history of the project area and insights into the ecological complexity supported by a rare annual sub-shrub known as the Southern Tarplant.
The eight new signs join nine existing signs for a total of 17 interpretive signs around campus, each a unique part of an ongoing effort to educate staff, students, and visitors to UCSB. The signs, which take about six months from concept to final production, were funded by Associated Students, Coastal Fund, and UCSB's Housing and Residential Services.
“These signs help people interpret the natural world around campus, which contains excellent examples of a diversity of restored and natural habitats,” said Stratton, adding that the signs demonstrate what is being done to manage the habitats and help people to value California's natural resources. “Because UCSB is a learning institution set in such a unique coastal environment, we felt it was particularly important to help interpret these remnant examples of native habitats and techniques for managing the impacts of development on natural resources.”
One more sign on wildlife and upland habitats is in the works at Manzanita Village, and the new Ocean Meadows wetland restoration project may require some interpretive signage, Stratton said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sites on the edge of Derby are among 19 locations for new homes drawn up by a council.
The areas have been earmarked as part of a bid to find space for nearly 10,000 homes around Alfreton, Belper, Heanor, Ripley and the edge of Derby in the next 10 years.
The proposals, put forward in the Submission Amber Valley Local Plan, form a blueprint for residential development across the region up to 2028.
Laid out in the plan are aims to build 9,770 homes in the next decade – 575 each year.
The next step is for a Government inspector to independently assess the proposals, before potential approval by councillors.
The 19 designated sites for new housing development are:
Cotes Park, Birchwood Lane, Somercotes - 210
Amber Valley Rugby Club, Lower Somercotes, Somercotes - 200
Somercotes Hill, Somercotes - 180
Belper Lane, Belper – 65
Leafy Lane, Heanor - 12
Newlands/Taylor Lane, Heanor – 500
Thorpes Road, Heanor - 35
Whysall Street, Heanor - 76
Hall Road, Langley Mill - 80
Asher Lane Business Park (North), Ripley - 85
Asher Lane Business Park (South), Ripley - 92
Butterley Hill, Ripley - 100
Moseley Street, Ripley - 10
Radbourne Lane (North), Mackworth - 600
Radbourne Lane (South), Mackworth - 70
The Common, Crich - 65
Duffield Depot, Derby Road, Duffield - 16
Wessington Lane, South Wingfield - 40
Land north of Denby - 1,100
As of August last year, when the housing target was calculated, council officers found that after ruling out the house plans which have either been built or expected, sites must be set aside for a further 2,243 homes.
Nearly 200 acres of green belt land to the north of Denby, known as Cinderhill, would have its status “deleted” to pave the way for 3,000 houses and nearly 30 acres of business and industrial space, and a new junction off the A38 would be created to serve the development.
The developer, Cinderhill Harworth, has told the council that it could build 1,100 houses for this plot within the Local Plan period.
Its plans also include a new primary school and the remediation of tar pits – the disposal of tar and ash waste left over from clay extraction.
A Local Plan is a blueprint for future development. Councils are encouraged to create one to show that their area has a five-year housing supply and to lay out which plots of land are preferred for new housing, businesses or public space.
After appealing for potential sites for large housing schemes, 133 proposals came forward, but just 19 of these have been approved – including the 1,100 homes from the Cinderhill scheme – after officers undertook rigorous assessments.
This includes whether developments can be built in the next 10 years and if they are best placed for road access and local services such as schools, hospitals and shops.
The council has also earmarked 113 acres of land for new businesses and industrial development.
It also states that the town centres of Alfreton, Belper, Heanor and Ripley have been prioritised for new shops and offices, cafes, restaurants, hotels and takeaways.
Vacant shops and offices will have their upper floors converted into flats.
Langley Mill has been dubbed the district centre and will be the focus of further employment needs, followed by the “local centres” of Codnor, Duffield, Leabrooks and Somercotes.
Proposals for housing schemes on these sites will be permitted by the borough council as long as the developers provide money for infrastructure to support their plans, such as schools, libraries, healthcare centres, play areas, football pitches, open space and road access.
These would range in size depending on the number of houses the developer intends to build.
Borough council officers say that sites which have had several applications refused but approved on appeal will be among the priorities to be earmarked in the Local Plan.
Up to 30 per cent of housing projects of 15 homes or are “expected” to be affordable housing.
Also, mentioned in the plan is that 10 pitches will be eventually be identified for gypsies, travellers and travelling showpeople.
The sites earmarked for business and industrial development are:
Lily Street Farm, Swanwick – 35 acres
Shipley Lakeside, Shipley – three acres
Alfreton Trading Estate, Somercotes – four acres
Denby Hall, Denby – nine acres
Land north of Denby – 30 acres
Land at East Mill, West Mill and North Mill in Belper has been set aside as priorities for mixed use areas, with approval on the cards for shops, hotels, restaurants, homes and storage companies.
As part of the Submission Local Plan, borough council officers wrote: “By 2028, Amber Valley will have healthy, vibrant and sustainable communities with a wide range of quality facilities and services for all sectors of the population.
“Residents will enjoy an excellent quality of life and the Borough will be an attractive place for people to live, work and visit.
“These communities will be safe and all will be able to live and visit these areas without the fear of crime.
“Most new growth will be concentrated in the most sustainable locations outside the Green Belt, be of a high quality of design, improve the vibrancy of these areas and respect their local distinctiveness.
“The creation of a new mixed use development at land north of Denby will have made a significant contribution to meeting the Borough's housing needs.
“There will be a network of pedestrian and cycling linkages across the borough to improve footfall and access recreational areas, improved areas of public open space and a wide range of services.
"Improvements to the transport infrastructure will have been carried out and all new development will be well served by public footpaths, cycle routes and public transport to reduce dependency on the car and make the best use of existing infrastructure.
“More affordable housing will be provided with new housing designed to provide for the needs of all sectors of the community.
“Existing traffic congestion that currently exists within all of the four market town centres will have been reduced and the quality of the environment in the town centres will have been improved.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Speaker Dr. Jack Friedlander applauds the students for persevering in pursuit of the educational milestone
Santa Barbara City College awarded 75 GEDs and 30 high school diplomas in a ceremony held Friday night on its oceanfront campus.
New adult high school graduates and GED recipients were encouraged to continue their pursuit for personal development and success by Dr. Jack Friedlander, executive vice president of SBCC.
“Knowledge and skills are the currency of the 21st century,” Friedlander said. “That's something nobody can take away from you.”
Friedlander said that many people walking across the stage Friday faced great diversity on their way to reaching this milestone in their educational journeys.
Some students left school early to take care of sick family members, work full time to support their families, and raise children. Many students also faced language barriers that made achieving their academic goals even more difficult, according to Friedlander.
New high school graduate Yesenia Nunez left high school after getting pregnant at age 15 and again at 17.
“I would carry my first child to the bus stop while pregnant with the second just to go to school,” said Nunez, who, like many of their peers, will attend SBCC this fall.
While Friedlander said they applauded the students for their achievement, they reminded them that this is just the first step in a lifelong process.
“Society is changing so rapidly you can never stop learning,” Friedlander told the new graduates.
The ceremony carried a central theme of dreaming big and reaching for goals that may seem unobtainable at times.
A statement outlining each graduate and GED recipient‘s academic and professional goals for their or their future was read as the graduate walked across the stage to receive a diploma or certificate.
Many students said they dreamed of pursuing professions in fields such as law, medicine, education and business, while others stated a desire to attend trades schools or pursue careers.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott is in Minneapolis this weekend pushing Campbell's Chunky Soup, one of myriad products they endorse. Dallas and Prescott started the 2017 season with hopes of being there to play in the Super Bowl. Instead, of course, it's the New England Patriots and the NFC East rival Philadelphia Eagles who will meet in Sunday's big game.
Is that hard to handle for Prescott, who is coming off a bumpy second season after they could do little wrong in their rookie year?
"It's an in-division team, it's a rivalry, you never want those guys to win," Prescott said Friday during an interview on The Newy Scruggs Show on NBC Sports Radio. "I've got to pull for Brady. But in saying that, those guys [Eagles] didn't make the playoffs, they were in last place last year. To bounce back, to be in the Super Bowl this year is incredible.
"Honestly, the Cowboys, me personally, want to take a page out of their book of not being in the playoffs and being able to bounce back and make it to the Super Bowl within a year. So I give them credit for that."
Initial testing and monitoring of the system, at Elings Park, is under way
In cooperation with the Elings Park Foundation, the City of Santa Barbara has installed a landfill gas collection and control system at the former Las Positas Landfill at Elings Park.
The former landfill served as a solid waste disposal site for the City of Santa Barbara from the 1940s until its closure in 1979. The facility was then leased to the Elings Park Foundation, which transformed the site into Elings Park.
With its community recreational facilities, including softball and soccer fields, hiking trails, BMX track, children's playground and amphitheater/gazebo area, the park serves as a prime example of innovative post closure land use.
Organic material such as plant and food materials break down in a landfill, producing methane and other trace gases. The purpose of the system is to remove methane emissions to protect human and environmental health and to comply with state law.
The cost to design and install the system was about $900,000, with nearly half of the cost offset by a grant from the California Department of Resources, Recycling and Recovery.
As the owner of the former landfill, the City of Santa Barbara will operate the gas collection system under strict permit conditions. The system will be regulated by the Santa Barbara County Air Pollution Control District, Santa Barbara County Environmental Health Services and the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
Initial testing and monitoring began in late September and is expected to last for 45 calendar days. After the initial monitoring period, the system will be placed into permanent operation.
— Matt Fore is an Environmental Services manager for the City of Santa Barbara.
A woman was dragged into a car and beaten by a man they knew early Wednesday morning on South Rocheblave Street, New Orleans police said.
The victim, a woman in their 40s, was leaving a location in the 2800 block of South Rocheblave (near Washington Avenue) around 2 a.m. Wednesday, May 30, when the man grabbed their legs from behind, according to the initial NOPD report.
The man then “forced them inside of their vehicle, where they physically assaulted them for approximately 20 minutes,” the report states. “The subject then drove the victim to another location and let the victim out of the vehicle. The victim was able to escape and call the police.”
The man then drove off in another direction, and the investigation is continuing.
Further details were not immediately available. Anyone with information is urged to call the NOPD Sixth District station at 658-6060 to speak to a detective, or CrimeStoppers at 822-1111 to leave an anonymous tip that could be eligible for a cash reward.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (WSVN) — A controversial scene in Walt Disney World's “Pirates of the Caribbean” ride has gotten a makeover.
The now-former scene used to show an auction block with a banner that read, “Take a wench for a bride.” A red-haired woman stood front and center as a group of tied-up women lined up behind her, all while chants of “We want the redhead” could be heard.
The change, effective Monday, turns the woman into a pirate themselves who pillaged the town's rum supply, as the characters now auction off loot rather than wives.
It's not the first change Imagineers have made to the ride. A previous alteration that used to show pirates chasing women instead revamped the scene to show them chasing after food instead.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — The maker of Ambien said Wednesday that “racism is not a known side effect” after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel them show.
Hours after ABC pulled the plug on “Roseanne” because of their offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was busy posting on the social media platform.
Barr tweeted that what they did was unforgiveable and urged supporters not to defend them They said of the Jarrett tweet, “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting.”
The drugmaker Sanofi took to social media to say that “while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. “I blame myself, not Ambien,” they tweeted.
After not mentioning Barr's firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee Tuesday night, President Donald Trump broke their silence on Twitter. They noted that Robert Iger, chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co., called Jarrett to tell them that ABC did not tolerate Barr's comments.
“Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC,” Trump wrote. “Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Trump reveled in the success of “Roseanne” after Barr's character in the show came out as a supporter of their presidency.
“Roseanne” was an instant hit when it returned this spring after a two-decade hiatus. But after Barr's tweet that likened Jarrett, who is black, to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the “Planet of the Apes,” ABC canceled the show in a one-sentence statement from network entertainment president Channing Dungey. They called it “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values.”
Barr's agent also dropped them and several services pulled “Roseanne” reruns.
Jarrett, who said they were “fine” after the slur, urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment.
“Tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country,” Jarrett said. “But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.”
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter, engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the “Roseanne” cancellation and expressed remorse they were being branded a racist. While asking not to be defended, they retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are tweeted more harshly than liberals for their behavior.
Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday, including from many who helped make their show successful.
The executive producer of “Roseanne,” which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television's second most popular comedy, said they supported ABC's decision.
“Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us,” said Tom Werner. “It represented the work of hundreds of talented people. I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments, and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs.”
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment, and Dungey is the first black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network. But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr's tweet.
They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter, and that's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend. They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was “Chelsea Soros Clinton,” implying they were married to a nephew of Soros. Clinton themselves corrected Barr online. Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr's statements about Soros, although not the remark about Jarrett.
Jarrett's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory. Barr tweeted: “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.”
Three weeks earlier, “Roseanne” was the toast of ABC's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers. Dungey's boss, network chief Ben Sherwood, even joked then: “If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention ‘Roseanne,' you're welcome.”
“Roseanne” earned an estimated $45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March, according to Kantar Media. The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $60 million, with more through repeat episodes.
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history, said David Bianculli, professor at Rowan University in New Jersey. The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing “Lou Grant” at its peak, which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs.
But cancelling “Roseanne” is “like taking off ‘All in the Family' or ‘I Love Lucy' or Andy Griffith at their zenith,” they said.
There was also CBS' firing of Charlie Sheen from “Two and a Half Men” during their bizarre spate of behavior. Sheen, for one, saw an opportunity in Tuesday's events.
“Good riddance,” they tweeted about the “Roseanne” cancellation. “Hashtag NOT Winning. The runway is now clear for OUR reboot.”
Barr retweeted that, too.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
MDC-T president Advocate Nelson Chamisa yesterday said their estranged deputy, Dr Thokozani Khupe, who on Sunday announced their split from the opposition party, is free to leave.
Dr Khupe leads a breakaway faction in the MDC-T consisting of the national organising secretary Mr Abednego Bhebhe and national spokesperson Mr Obert Gutu among other members.
Addressing a rally in Bulawayo on Sunday, Dr Khupe announced that they were parting ways with the Adv Chamisa faction but will retain the MDC-T name. The split follows power struggles pitting Dr Khupe and Adv Chamisa that have rocked the MDC-T since the death of their founding president Mr Morgan Tsvangirai last month.
The differences have resulted in violent skirmishes and court challenges. Dr Khupe said they can no longer be part of the Adv Chamisa-led MDC-T accusing the other faction of being violent. In an interview, Adv Chamisa's spokesperson Mr Luke Tamborinyoka said the MDC-T will not stop Dr Khupe from leaving.
“We would have loved to work together but if they have taken a decision to walk away, then so be it. This is not a faction, this is the party,” they said.
Mr Tamborinyoka said Dr Khupe's issue has nothing to do with Adv Chamisa but the party's organs that elevated them to lead MDC-T.
“This is now not a bilateral issue between them and president Chamisa. It's an issue between vice president Khupe and the organs of the party. The organs are the national council and the national executive and they have already taken a position regarding this issue. This is an issue between Madam Khupe and the party,” they said.
Mr Tamborinyoka said Dr Khupe failed to heed the party's calls to shape up in the stipulated seven day ultimatum.
“Now you are telling us that they say they are walking away. It's up to the party but the party has already pronounced itself, it gave them seven days to shape up,” they said.
In announcing their breakaway, Dr Khupe said they would soon join a coalition with like-minded political parties while Mr Gutu said their outfit was going to join the Dr Joice Mujuru led People's Rainbow Coalition.
Mr Bhebhe said Sunday's rally was a demonstration that even the minority and the vulnerable had a voice. The MDC has since its formation in 1999 been synonymous with splits whenever party members disagree.
In 2005, the party has its first split after its president Tsvangirai opposed some of its senior leaders' decision to participate in senatorial elections leading to the formation of MDC-T and another MDC now led by Professor Welshman Ncube.
One of the founding members, Mr Job Sikhala, later split from Prof Ncube to form MDC-99.
The MDC-T split again in 2013 after the main opposition party dismally lost the elections, with members blaming Mr Tsvangirai for their loss and calling for a leadership renewal.
The split resulted in formation of the Mr Tendai Biti led People's Democratic Party while Mr Elton Mangoma formed the Reformed Democrats of Zimbabwe (RDZ). Herald
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas homered, doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings, Jorge Soler went 4-for-5 with a home run, but the Kansas City Royals nearly blew a nine-run lead before holding on for a 11-8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Moustakas' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar. Moustakas' 12th homer was a towering two-run shot that just made it into the front row of the right-field seats and barely fair.
According to Statcast, it had a 46-degree launch angle, the highest in the majors this season, and carried 339 feet.
The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven-run second. Soler nearly had a two-run homer in the inning, but after a review it was changed to a run-producing double. The second inning also included Ryan Goins' two-run triple.
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings for a 9-0 lead, but it almost was not enough.
The Twins chipped away at the Royals' lead, including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings, respectively.
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in a four-run Twins' sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with their first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for their fourth hit, matching their career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory.
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for their 12th save in 13 opportunities.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters they faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. Their ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.51.
Jay singled in the seventh to extend their hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was the inning was not over.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. They came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. They gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in their second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding their game. … RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from their minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. They will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
“When he's right, he's a productive bullpen piece,” Royals manager Ned Yost said. “From the beginning on, it's just been a struggle for him. He's been dealing with foot problems and with back problems and continuing to try to pitch through it. We got to the point, where the best thing is just get Blaine healthy because they can help us when he's healthy.”
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making their big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the series opener.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
Murder On The Orient Express Trailer Reaction
Dame, Judi Dench. Need I say more? (I shouldn't have to…). Okay, fine. Penélope Cruz, Willem Dafoe, Judi Dench, Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Daisy Ridley and Josh Gad all directed by Kenneth Branagh. MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS IS STACKED WITH TALENT! The premise alone offers the imagination a lot to play around with:
What starts out as a lavish train ride through Europe quickly unfolds into one of the most stylish, suspenseful and thrilling mysteries ever told. From the novel by best-selling author Agatha Christie, “Murder on the Orient Express” tells the tale of thirteen strangers stranded on a train, where everyone's a suspect. One man must race against time to solve the puzzle before the murderer strikes again.
SEE! These fine actors in a confined space while portraying outlandish characters!? Can you imagine the antics? The adlibs? The wealth of experience and knowledge shared to create, potentially, wonderful cinematic moments? I love good acting. No, I love great acting and Murder on the Orient Express is overflowing with potential. Did you see Willem Defoe at the end?
Priceless.
[20th Century Fox]
In the past few months, we have seen liberals stoop to unprecedented lows in an effort to destroy Donald Trump. They have even
resorted to attacking their 11-year-old son Barron.
Now, a petition has gone viral demanding that Barron and their mother Melania Trump move to the White House and leave New
York City immediately. Of course, the Trumps have made it clear that they will move to Washington D.C. in June, after Barron
wraps up their schooling.
“The U.S. taxpayer is paying an exorbitant amount of money to protect the First Lady in Trump Tower, located in New York City,”
the petition reads. “As to help relieve the national debt, this expense yields no positive results for the nation and should be cut
from being funded.”
The petition has already garnered more than 400,000 signatures.
“U.S. House of Representatives: Make Melania Trump stay in the White House or pay for expenses herself,” one petitioner signer
wrote.
“If they choose to live apart from their husband, the American Tax Payers should NOT pick up the tab,” another added.
What do you think? Is this petition absolutely absurd?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England's loss could well be West Bromwich Albion 's gain as far as Kieran Gibbs is concerned.
Gibbs could only watch from their settee last night, as England booked a place at next year's World Cup with a 1-0 win over Slovenia at Wembley.
But the 28-year-old sees their omission from the national ranks as motivation to improve.
And the former Arsenal full-back is also using the break from action to rest sufficiently to be in the best possible shape for the Baggies.
“I'm quite used to it,” they said.
“Forty to fifty per cent, maybe less, of my career I've not been going.
“You can look at it two ways.
“As motivation and time to get your body right because you don't play for two weeks.
“You have time to rest, get stronger and ready for the next one.
“Or you can dwell on it.
“And you have to make that decision quite early about how you want to go about it. Everyone's different.
“A lot of players are going to be disappointed and maybe let it get to them.
“But I see it as an opportunity to rest and a place to get your head right.
“Because the games come think and fast, you can actually put yourself in a better place for the next set of games.”
The last of Gibbs' ten caps came in 2015.
They would dearly love to force their way back in, as Jake Livermore has while at the Hawthorns, and to represent their country at a major tournament.
But their current priority is reaching a satisfactory level of performance for their club.
“At this stage of the season and having just joined a new club, my main focus is to play as many of the 31 games we have got left and to a high standard,” they said.
“That's my only focus at the moment because you can only go to something like a World Cup, I think, having done that.
“After I've played the games I want and got the rhythm I want this season I'll think about that later on.
“The only and best way to go about it is to do that.
“It's too early to think about a World Cup as tempting as it is.”
Posted on July 2, 2013 | 3:00 p.m.
Source: Herman Family
After a courageous nine-year fight with Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, Richard Michael Herman died on June 18, 2013.
Richard was born on January 23,1929, in Cleveland Ohio. They graduated from East Technical High School in 1948. They attended Cleveland College from 1949-1951 and studied accounting. After returning from their tour in the Army, Richard attended Fern College from 1953 to 1956 and continued to study accounting. Richard then attended Cleveland Engineering School from 1954 to 1956, studying Machine Design and earning another certification.
Richard served in the U.S. Army from 1951 to 1953. They did their basic training at Fort Knox, Kentucky, with the 84th Tank Battalion. They were stationed in Germany for 1½ years at the 26th Base Post Office. Richard continued doing the exact same exercises daily that they had learned in the Army, up until a few weeks before they passed away.
Richard worked in Santa Barbara at AMF (American Machine Foundry) from 1959-1964 as a Drafting Checker. They also worked in Goleta for Applied Research as a Design Drafter from 1964-1967. For a short period, they worked at Infrared from 1967-1968. Later in 1968, Richard went to work for Raytheon in Goleta as a Senior Engineering Checker, until they retired in December 2004 after 36 years of dedication.
While vacationing in Santa Barbara, Richard interviewed for a job and soon they and Beverly moved out to Santa Barbara in 1959. Richard enjoyed sports, both watching and playing. They took a special interest in golf. They and Beverly introduced golf to their kids at a young age and enjoyed many family days of playing. Richard enjoyed watching their Angels baseball and especially their Ohio State Buckeye football. Every Saturday, they would announce “here come the BUCKS ...”
They were a devoted father, attending all of the kids' school functions, Boy Scouts and Campfire Firl activities and sporting events. Even when they were working double jobs or overtime they always showed up to support us. They and Beverly made sure to plan for family vacations around the United States when the kids were young. They even mastered playing bowling with the Wii in the last few years with the help from their grandchildren. Richard had a wonderful sense of humor and would often tell the same corny jokes when they found a new audience.
Richard is survived by their wife, Beverly; their son, Jeff, and their daughter, Kim; grandchildren Sean and Alaina; their brother, Lewis and sister Patti. They were preceded in death by their parents.
The family would like to give special thanks to Dr. Ransohoff, Dr. Lee and Dr. Newman, and the nurses and lab techs at Sansum Medical Clinic for their kindness and care toward Richard during their illness. We would also like to express our appreciation toward the many nurses and staff at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital who encouraged and cared for Richard during their many visits.
Donations to honor Richard may be made to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. Click here to make an online donation.
A memorial service was held last week at Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapel in Goleta, with a private burial at Goleta Cemetary.
During my interviews with the cast of 13 Reasons Why I realized that Miles Heizer, Ross Butler, and Alisha Boe have no clue who Young Dolph is. While I probably should have known better, their lack of reaction to the phrase for the 99 and the 2000 was the thing that was actually startling.
Season 2 of 13 Reasons Why is now streaming on Netflix and it's actually really good.
The 13 Reasons Why Cast Have No Clue Who Young Dolph Is was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A verdict has been reached in the Taylor Swift groping trial, a jury in a Denver courtroom ruled that former radio host David Mueller assaulted and battered Taylor Swift at a meet-and-greet photo session in June 2013.
The Judge awarded Swift the $1 they were suing for. Them attorney Doug Baldridge, says the amount “has immeasurable value” in the scheme of things. “She's trying to tell people out there that you can say no when someone grabs you, no matter who they are.” Swift says in a statement obtained by PEOPLE and EW. “I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process, I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been jailed for drug and firearm offences after a gun was found in their bag as they fled from police.
Dominic Ali was travelling in a Ford Focus which failed to stop for officers on Dyas Road, Great Barr , on July 7.
As they ran away from police, they dropped an Armani bag containing a gun which was found to be covered with their fingerprints.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
Detectives found the fingerprints matched those previously found at an address in West Bromwich where police discovered £11,000 worth of heroin during a search in June.
Ali, of Summerfield Crescent in Edgbaston, was subsequently found guilty of possession of a firearm and possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
And at Birmingham Crown Court last week, the 27-year-old was jailed for 11 years.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: “This is just the latest in our attempts to get guns off our streets.
“If you have information on someone who is possession of a firearm, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police investigating an arson attack at a Midland railway station have released two pictures of a man and woman they want to speak to.
The images were released after a Renault Clio was torched at Stourbridge station early on the morning of February 17.
A man and a woman broke into the car, moved it and set fire to it before escaping.
The car was destroyed.
It happened between midnight and 1.30am.
British Transport Police officers believe the man and woman shown in the CCTV image could help the investigation.
Information can be passed by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 115 of 17/02/2018. Alternatively, pass information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
ROCK SPRINGS — Spencer West, a motivational speaker from the to We organization in Toronto Canada will be returning to their hometown to deliver their moving and heartwarming message to the students and community of Rock Springs.
Spencer graduated from RSHS in 1999 and began their incredible journey as a world-renowned speaker and author.
Spencer will be speaking out against bullying, which has become a particular problem, not only in our schools but also in our workplaces.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Spencer will speak to the student body of Rock Springs High School on March 28th during a school-wide assembly, and then they will deliver their message to the rest of the students of Sweetwater School District and the general public that evening at 6 pm.
The Academies of Rock Spring High School are promoting this visit by creating PSA's and anti-bullying messages as part of senior Capstone projects.
The event taking place at WWCC the evening on the 28th is free to the public, however, donations can be made at the door to help support senior academy projects, like the Health Academy's Giving Pack Project, Energy Resource's STEM projects, and the Fire, Law and Leadership senior service projects.
David Dougherty, who has led Sonoma State University's police department on interim basis for more than two years, was named Tuesday by SSU President Judy Sakaki as the agency's new chief.
Dougherty, a 13-year veteran of the campus police department, has served as interim chief since June 2016, at the outset of an investigation of their predecessor, Nathan Johnson, who was accused of stabbing their stepson with a power drill in a domestic dispute. Johnson never returned to their post.
Dougherty was one of three finalists for the position and is a lifelong Sonoma County resident who grew up in Santa Rosa, SSU spokesperson Paul Gullixson said Tuesday.
They joined the agency in 2005, working as a patrol officer. They were eventually promoted to the rank of captain before being tapped for the interim job.
“Dave is a highly qualified law enforcement professional who has served the university with distinction for 13 years,” Sakaki said in the press release. “We are fortunate that they are already a familiar presence on campus.”
As SSU's new chief, Dougherty, 49, will lead the largest campus police force in Sonoma County, with 14 sworn officers patrolling the Rohnert Park-based university.
It has been the scene for two homicides since 2016, including a stabbing attack in May at a campus apartment that killed a 26-year-old man. The victim, Santa Rosa resident Steven John Garcia, died after they were involved in a fight with 20-year-old Tyler Joseph Bratton. Neither of the men were students at the school, police said.
In November 2016, a Cotati teenager was found in a shallow grave in a wooded area on the edge of campus. Authorities said they believe Kirk Kimberly, 18, was stabbed multiple times before they died. They also are not a student at the university.
Dougherty, in a written statement, said they were “humbled by the opportunity to serve as the chief of police” at SSU and looked forward to finding new ways to connect with students and staff on campus.
Their swearing-in ceremony is scheduled for Aug. 9 at 4 p.m. in the third-floor ballroom of the Sonoma State University Student Center.
The annual salary for Doughtery's position is $140,000, according to a campus posting.
Highlights Cucumber acts as a natural toner for your skin
Citrus fruits such as oranges and lemons contain vitamin C
Green vegetables are rich in fiber that can clear the oil and your skin
acne . In fact, it also aids the eruption of pimples. The genuine cause of oily skin depends on one's genetic make up, however, there are several ways to tackle this problem. Eating right is one of them. Our diet plays a significant role in taking care of our skin. Knowing what to and what not to eat in order to avoid oily skin can really help in the long run. Here is a list of foods that you must eat for healthy looking skin.
1. Cucumber – This fruit contains the maximum amount of water in it. It has the power to hydrate your skin with its cooling effect along with the antioxidants.
2. Nuts – Nuts contain omega 3 fatty acids that are meant to cure the problem of oily skin instantly.
3. Oranges – Citrus fruits such as oranges and lemons contain vitamin C as well as detoxifying components that can flush out the extra oil from your skin.
4. Green Vegetables – Green vegetables do not have any oil or fat content. They are rich in fiber that can clear the oil and your skin altogether.
5. Avocados – The great thing about avocados is that it is not only eaten, but can also be applied directly to your skin for preventing oil secretions. It acts as an effective moisturizer for your skin.
Avocados are great for your skin. Photo Credit: Istock
Lentils are known have to a lot of nutrition in them. They help in controlling the production of oil keeps our skin clear. Pulses do a great job in maintaining the balance of oil. They are known to provide nutrients and proteins and also consist amino acids that don't break into sugar which can aggravate oil secretions.
7. Grapefruit – Grapefruit is extremely effective for oily skin. It consists of vitamin C which helps in removing the toxins from your body. It also has a very high water content.
8. Whole Grains – They are high in fiber which helps the digestion process and keeps our skin free from oil and acne.
9. Fish – Fish, like nuts, contain omega 3 fatty acids. Therefore, it helps to tame inflammation and improves oily skin thereby preventing acne.
10. Broccoli – Broccoli is known to have lots of vitamin C, which is easily absorbed by the human body. It helps in controlling the oil, which reduces the risk of acne.
11. Raw Fruits and Vegetables – It is no surprise that fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health. They also prevent digestion problems, which could be a cause of oily skin as well as acne.
12. Dark Chocolate – Dark chocolate not only tastes delicious, but also does a great job in preventing acne inflammation by controlling the oil production of the skin with the help of antioxidants.
13. Coconut Water – Coconut water does a remarkable job of re-hydrating your skin. It helps in keeping the skin clean and supple and prevents oily outbursts.
(Also read: All About The Acne Diet)
Coconut water can prevent oily outbursts. Photo Credit: Istock
14. Lemon – Lemon can do wonders to your skin without you even realizing it. It not only keeps the skin clear, it instantly sucks in the oil from your skin making your skin look smooth and bright. Lime juice can also be applied to your face directly. – Lemon can do wonders to your skin without you even realizing it. It not only keeps the skin clear, it instantly sucks in the oil from your skin making your skin look smooth and bright. Lime juice can also be applied to your face directly.
15. Banana - If you have oily skin, then eating a banana daily can be extremely beneficial. They contain phosphates, potassium and vitamin E, which helps the skin to glow. Banana is another strong detoxifying agent. It can help in regulating the pores and thus prevent the dirt from entering into your skin and causing oily build-up.
According to Noida-based Nutritionist and Physician Dr. Parveen Verma from Kailash Hospital "In order to protect the skin from getting oily, it is very important to consume fiber-rich foods. Along with fiber rich foods, eating all kinds of green vegetables can do wonders to your skin." Now that you are aware of all the food items that you need to consume to avoid oily skin, don't wait any longer and start your beauty regime today. Your skin will show a positive response in no time!
Disclaimer:
The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kodi is everywhere - with more and more Brummies opting to use it.
The service allows you to stream your favourite shows - or even live sport.
Kodi is a free media player that can run on any computer, smartphone, tablet or set-top box, allowing users to stream films and TV programmes over the internet.
A "Kodi box" is a set-top box or HDMI stick with the Kodi media player pre-installed on it.
When it comes to using Kodi, users primarily want a VPN which allows decent download speeds.
This means you don't have to suffer with the dreaded 'buffering' - and you can watch your TV or movies interrupted.
So, which is best?
Let's have a look, shall we?
IPVanish
IPVanish is the only true Top Tier VPN service in the world.
This means they deliver the best VPN speeds, the most secure connections and the most competitive pricing anywhere.
Their VPN network spans 40,000+ IPs on 700+ servers in 60+ countries, giving you the ability to surf anonymously and access the unrestricted Internet every corner of the globe.
IPVanish provides a secure environment for everyday web use.
Once you establish a VPN connection all of your online data (emails, instant messages, data transfers, online banking) pass through their encrypted tunnel.
PureVPN is a VPN service provider that offers most secure and the fastest VPN service.
It protects you online with its 256-bit encrypted secure VPN servers.
Today, PureVPN leads the VPN industry with 500+ Servers in 141 countries with a self-managed VPN network that enables them to deliver the fastest VPN speed in the world.
PureVPN comes with an easy and free VPN application for Windows, Mac, Android and iOS.
Hide.me
hide.me handpick servers that live up to their high standards of security and privacy.
They're access controlled, and they are the only ones that operate them — no one else.
They do not permanently store IP addresses, nor do they store logs.
Each server supports all popular protocols, including: PPTP, L2TP, IPsec (IKEv1 and IKEv2), OpenVPN, SoftEther and SSTP.
With the very best server locations and low ping times, the internet is yours for the taking — wherever you might be.
Ivacy
Tired of your ISP throttling your download speed? Ivacy has optimized P2P servers that give you blazing-fast download speeds and, more importantly, total anonymity.
Online threat has many faces. Ivacy uses advanced 256-bit encryption to protect you from hackers, snoopers, data theft, malware, spyware and even government surveillance!
Guarding your privacy in the virtual world can be a headscratcher. Ivacy protects you from ISP tracking and has a strict ZERO LOG policy, giving you the online freedom you've always desired.
By Aliyu Dangida
DUTSE—Lack of funds has been identified as a major hindrance affecting the conduct of HIV/AIDS test in the designated centres across Jigawa State.
Chairman, Jigawa State House of Assembly Committee on Health, Alhaji Lawan Bullet, made the disclosure while presenting a report on the HIV/AIDS Test Situation in health facilities across the state.
They said their findings also showed that the State Agency for the Control of Aids, SACA, did not receive any overhead cost since 2015, despite the provision of N1.8 million in its recurrent vote, thereby affecting the activities of the agency in controlling the spread of the disease.
According to him, the state assembly has directed the state government to release the remaining N44 million allocated to SACA to enable the agency meet with its obligations effectively.
Bullet, who represents Garki constituency, said: “His committee has found out that lack of funds has seriously affected the conduct of HIV/AIDS tests in the designated centres across the state.”
Deliberating on the content of the report, the member representing Birnin Kudu constituency, Siraja Muhammad, described the implementation of the report as very vital towards saving the lives of humanity and urged the House to adopt it.
Also speaking, the member representing Dutse constituency, Alhaji Musa Sule, called on the House to take measures that will compel the state government to provide all the necessary support needed to implement the law on HIV/AIDS testing before marriage in the state.
After deliberations, the Deputy Speaker of the House, Alhaji Ahmad Maikudi, who presided over the sitting, announced the adoption of the report.
The company's new system for advertising transparency is still working out its kinks. DIPTENDU DUTTA/AFP/Getty Images
Last Thursday, Facebook rolled out new disclosure requirements for paid posts—ads—in order to prevent a repeat of at least one part of the Russian campaign to spread disinformation and deepen partisan divides on social media in the 2016 presidential election. (Accounts attributed to a Kremlin-backed troll farm spent a little more than $100,000 on Facebook ads during the cycle.) Ads relating to elections and political issues on Facebook and Instagram now have to include a “Paid for by” label. The company is also providing a searchable database to the public of all political ads that have run on the two platforms, along with information about their audiences and sources of funding.
While Facebook's move toward greater advertising transparency is laudable, it appears the company hasn't quite smoothed out all the kinks in the system. It's a difficult task to determine what exactly “political content” is. As the Verge has documented, Facebook labeled ads for a report on Flint's water crisis and for a podcast episode on the Russian media's coverage of Trump as being political. News outlets like the Washington Post and the New York Times have also bristled at the idea of labeling their promoted posts as political ads.
Apart from these murkier cases, however, there is a wealth of categorically apolitical ads that have also been caught up in the dragnet. For example, Facebook's system has automatically removed ads for Bush's Beans and a barbershop because they failed to include the “Paid for by” disclaimer. It's unclear why exactly this is happening, though it may have something to do with the A.I. system that Facebook is using to identify political ads. (I've asked Facebook for comment and will update this post when I hear back.)
Here is a sampling of ads pulled from the database that have been apparently mislabeled as political:
These two Bush's Beans ads for canned BBQ Baked Beans that have that “grillin' flavor”:
Bush's Beans ad Bush's Beans
An ad for Aloha Thai Fusion's campaign to win awards for having the Best Fish and Chips, Best BBQ, and Best Food Truck in Maui:
Aloha Thai Fusion ad Aloha Thai Fusion
An announcement from a cat rescue organization in Long Beach, California:
Long Beach Feline ad Long Beach Feline
Advertisements from a winery for its concert featuring “one of the best Polka Fusion bands in the country”:
Vines and Rushes Winery ad Vines and Rushes Winery
A post announcing the grand opening of the Riverwatch Bar and Grill's gift shop:
Riverwatch Bar and Grill ad Riverwatch Bar and Grill
Ads for a 15-percent-off deal on women's arch support “sandals, casuals & sneakers”:
One of my favorite plants to grow is eggplant. Not only are they incredibly beautiful, they are also incredibly versatile and nutritious. High in fiber, chock full of vitamins C, B1, B6, K, and a source of copper, magnesium, manganese, niacin and potassium.
Eggplants come in all shapes, sizes and colors. Japanese and Chinese varieties are usually long and narrow and can be lavender to deep, dark purple. Indian (sometimes call baby eggplant because they are so small) are reddish purple and are great in curry, stuffed or roasted. Some Thai eggplant is actually green when ripe. ‘Fairy Tale' are very small, can fit in the palm of your hand, and are a beautiful purple and white striped. They are very tender and great for grilling. ‘Little Green' has pale-green skin and is mild and very creamy when cooked.
Eggplant is easy to grow, even in containers. They grow best in a warm, sunny location with at least 6 or more hours of direct sunlight. They should be spaced about 24-36 inches apart.
They are upright growers, but will need support once they start fruiting to hold all the weight of the abundant fruit. When planting, mix in a good organic compost and some slow release fertilizer. With proper care and feeding, many varieties will keep producing well into the winter months – I have often served them with my Thanksgiving dinner.
This month in your garden
Check irrigation & mulch if you haven't already inspected your irrigation system or put down that very important layer of mulch, it's not too late. Do to it before the summer heat sets in.
Deadhead roses, salvias, dahlias, to encourage continual blooming. Remove spent buds from camellias, rhododendrons, and azaleas.
Control earwigs which feed on soft plants and can cause significant damage. Trap them by setting out moistened, tightly rolled newspaper at night and then discard it in the morning.
Fire Blight shows up in the spring. It causes blackened branches and twigs that look like they have been scorched. It often affects fruit trees such as apple, pear loquat, and quince; as well as toyons, hawthorns and crabapples. It is spread by insects, rain and pruning; if left unattended it can kill the tree. Prune the infected branch about 8-12 inches below the visible damage.
Prune suckers from rose bushes. It can be difficult to tell the difference between suckers and basal canes. They both shoot straight up with vigorous growth. Suckers grow from below the bud union, basal canes originate at the bud union and should be left on – they are the best wood on the plant.
Plant this month
By seed: arugula, beans, beets, Brussels sprouts, corn, cucumber, melons, summer and winter squash.
By transplant: arugula, basil, beans, beets, corn, cucumber, eggplant, melons, mint, peppers, summer and winter squash and tomatoes. Local nurseries should have a good supply of most of these.
Give back
Too much fruit? If you have an abundance of fruit and have already “over-shared” with you neighbors; contact Village Harvest. They offer volunteers that will pick your fruit and then donate it to a worthy food bank: villageharvest.org.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Japan's longest growth streak in over a decade
A surging stock market and a renewed “wealth effect” helped push the Japanese economy to its sixth consecutive quarter of growth — the longest unbroken streak in more than a decade.
Abuja – Former England and Chelsea FC captain John Terry has left Aston Villa in the aftermath of their Championship Play-Off Final defeat to Fulham.
Terry joined the Midlands giants last summer with the stated aim of helping to return Villa to the English Premier League after their relegation in 2016.
This, however, failed with a 1-0 loss to the Cottagers at Wembley on Saturday.
Terry left the national stadium a devastated man and their manager Steve Bruce confirmed that the club no longer had an option to extend their contract by one year.
A statement on the club's website confirmed: “We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism they showed with us last season.
“John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped.
“Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room, they played a real captain's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters, and vice-versa.
“We hope they look back on their time with Villa fondly and we wish them the very best as their career moves forward.”
The 37-year-old Terry offered no indication as to whether they have played their final professional match, saying: “I'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club.
“I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League, where this club 100 per cent belongs.
“I would like to thank Steve Bruce who was instrumental in me joining Villa. I have learnt so much from them as a manager this season. That will stay with me forever.
“Also, I'd like to thank all the staff and players who it was a real pleasure and honour to work with everyday,” Terry wrote on their Instagram page.
Villa's defeat to Fulham has left the club facing a problematic year ahead.
This is with Championship Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations to consider and a cut in their Premier League parachute payments of over 50 per cent.(NAN)
Over the weekend, at least a thousand Texans gathered in Hermann Park to protest the tearing down of a Sam Houston monument, which has resided there for years. However there was just one problem. No one had any plans to tear down the statue.
Apparently, someone created a fake news story claiming that several activist groups were going to be in Hermann Park demanding that the Sam Houston statue be torn down. The group This Is Texas, caught wind of the fake news story and went with it.
The group then created an event via Facebook to invite others to protest the protesters, groups such as the Black Panther Party, Antifa, etc., as well as the statue coming down. You can read the invite HERE.
Unfortunately, the Is Texas group showed up on Saturday without challenge from any other groups.
Team Germany's World Endurance Champion Timo Bernhard and DTM Champion René Rast are celebrating after they took a stunning victory in the ROC Nations Cup at Riyadh's King Fahad International Stadium.
On a chilly evening in the Saudi Arabian capital, legends from the world's biggest motor sport series teamed up in pairs to battle for national and regional pride. They raced a mix of cars – including the Vuhl 05 ROC Edition, Ariel Atom Cup, Xtreme Pickup, Whelen NASCAR, KTM X-Bow Comp R and the ROC Car – on a purpose-built parallel track featuring a unique crossover bridge.
And what an evening of action it was – as Bernhard and Rast prevailed in the final against the might of Team Latin America's IndyCar legends Juan Pablo Montoya and Helio Castroneves.
In the first heat Rast beat off the challenge of Colombia's Montoya. Castroneves struck back by beating Bernhard in the second heat but Rast was just too strong in the finale to win the ROC Nations Cup for Team Germany for a record eighth time.
Afterwards a delighted Bernhard said: “It was a great team effort today. We made it through to the final, then René put together two good heats. I was not so happy with my heat because I did a small mistake against Helio, but René pulled it off. We know Team Germany have a big history here at the Race Of Champions. In Germany we call the team ethic ‘Mannschaft' and there's something about it that also seems to correlate with motor sport. So we're very proud to win the ROC Nations Cup.
“To be honest we didn't have big expectations today, we just wanted to survive the first round. But now we're very proud to be sitting here with that big trophy. I first came to the Race Of Champions with my Dad when it came to the Nürburgring in 1989. So it's great to be here at the event for the first time. Now my name will be on this trophy. So it's a very special honour.”
Rast added: “Here at the Race Of Champions you go up against the best of the best. So there was a lot of pressure in that final race. I won my heat against Juan Pablo, then we had a very close race between Timo and Helio so it went to the finale. But the whole event is so much fun and I've really enjoyed being here, driving against these big stars. There are all these names that I used to watch when I was young: in Formula 1, in World Rally, all these different categories. So now to compete against these guys and to end up winning? It's like a dream come true…”
Beaten finalists Team Latin America also had a fine evening's work but they narrowly missed out on bringing home the trophy.
Castroneves said: “It's been great to be here at the Race Of Champions in Riyadh. There's been a great crowd and I really enjoy this format of racing. You have to drive on the limit but at the same time be very precise. When you see the other car on the track you just want to go faster! So yes, we all want to win and put our names on the trophy, but the main thing was to put on a great show for the public. I messed up in the final heat, but well played to Team Germany. At least I know the limit now so hopefully when we come back tomorrow I can go one step further…”
Montoya added: “The guys who win this event are the guys who adapt to any car. I thought I could beat René in the final but in the end they did a good job while I made some mistakes. And in those final races, mistakes go a long way. Looking ahead to tomorrow's individual race, as always it depends what kind of job you do on the day. But the track is amazing. This stadium gives us a lot more room than last year so the track is longer, it's a lot quicker and harder on the cars because you can see people making mistakes and hitting the wall…”
Team Saudi Arabia (Yazeed Al-Rajhi and Ahmed Bin Khanen) thrilled their home fans in the Riyadh stadium by making it as far as the semi-finals before they were beaten in straight heats by Team Germany.
The other semi-final featured an epic battle between many of the biggest names of global motorsport as Team Latin America took on Team Nordic (Mr Le Mans Tom Kristensen and World Rallycross Champion Petter Solberg). Montoya and Solberg took a win each before the Colombian won the decisive final heat.
The evening's action began with the 11 teams – an all-time record entry for the ROC Nations Cup – split into three round-robin groups. On a night of match-ups between global stars of world motor sport, many greats fell by the wayside at this early stage.
Team USA (IndyCar champions Ryan Hunter-Reay and Josef Newgarden) were one of the early casualties. Newgarden took two wins but it wasn't enough to see them through a very competitive group A. The other pairing knocked out was Team Mexico (Memo Rojas and Abraham Calderon) despite their single win.
Team Germany topped Group A with five wins while Team Latin America took four wins – including three out of three for Montoya – and they progressed as the best second-placed team.
Group B also saw some huge names go out of the competition, not the least Team Great Britain – despite a win apiece for David Coulthard and Lando Norris. Team Nordic and Team Sweden's Johan Kristoffersson and Joel Eriksson both finished on four wins, but the Nordic pair qualified for the semi-finals on countback of the fastest times.
The revelations of the night were surely Team Simracing All Stars (Rudy van Buren and Enzo Bonito) for whom Van Buren took two wins against the professional racers, but it wasn't quite enough to help the gamers make it any further.
Group C was an all Middle East affair and it was an incredibly tense affair, with all three teams finishing with two wins. But it was Team Saudi Arabia who thrilled their home fans by going through on countback of the fastest times. That meant Team UAE (Khaled Al Qubaisi and Khalid Al Qassimi) and Team Lebanon (Karl Massaad and Mansour Chebli) bade farewell to the competition.
Earlier in the day Enzo Bonito came out on top in the first ever eROC competition between some of the world's fastest gamers. The action took place both in real-life ROC Cars on the Riyadh track and in the virtual world of Assetto Corsa.
The Italian saw off the challenge of Britain's F1 eSports World Champion Brendon Leigh in an enthralling final to win their place on the grid for the ROC Nations Cup and the Race Of Champions. French gamer Kevin Leaune and Germany's Alexander Dornieden also performed well but were knocked out in the group stages.
There is plenty more action to come in Riyadh on Saturday as the drivers put their regional friendships aside and go it alone in the individual Race Of Champions. All the action starts at 4pm local time in Riyadh (UK time +3).
Full draw for tomorrow's Race Of Champions
Group A
Juan-Pablo MONTOYA (Colombia) reigning ROC Champion of Champions
Helio CASTRONEVES (Brazil) triple Indianapolis 500 winner
Ryan HUNTER-REAY (USA) 2014 Indianapolis 500 winner
Winner of Round 1 between Memo ROJAS and Abraham CALDERON
Group B
Tom KRISTENSEN (Denmark) nine-time Le Mans 24 Hours winner
David COULTHARD (Great Britain) 13-time Formula 1 grand prix winner
Timo BERNHARD (Germany) 2017 Le Mans 24 Hours winner
Winner of Round 1 between Rudy van BUREN and Enzo BONITO
Group C
Johan KRISTOFFERSSON (Sweden) 2017 FIA World Rallycross Champion
René RAST (Germany) 2017 DTM Champion
Lando NORRIS (Great Britain) 2017 European F3 Champion
Winner of Round 1 between Joel ERIKSSON and Mansour CHEBLI
Group D
Josef NEWGARDEN (USA) 2017 IndyCar Champion
Petter SOLBERG (Norway) double FIA World Rallycross Champion
Yazeed AL-RAJHI (Saudi Arabia) WRC2 rally winner
Winner of Round 1 between Khaled AL QUBAISI and Ahmed BIN KHANEN
The top two from each group will progress to the quarter-finals. Then it's a straight knockout tournament all the way to the best-of-three Grand Final, in which the ROC Champion of Champions will be crowned.
The Russ Parr Morning Show
Your browser does not support iframes.
On the upcoming season of Iyanla Vanzant's “Fix My Life,” they helped Neffie and their husband, Soullow. Click on the audio player to hear more on this on The Russ Parr Morning Show.
Follow @RussParrShow
Keep Up With The Russ Parr Morning Show … LIKE Him On Facebook!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A new nonprofit in the metro is working to make wheelchairs available for the less-fortunate, and the group's leader understands that need firsthand.
Sometimes, a person`s needs don`t meet with their budget. Since January, Garrett Drake has worked to remedy that.
They lead Accessibility Medical Equipment, a metro agency that promotes independent living where refurbished wheelchairs are available at a fraction of their usual cost.
Most of group's wheelchairs come in as donations, and Drake and their team repair and clean them and sell them at cost, instead of a large markup. Drake said some wheelchairs can cost as much as $20,000, but the most expensive chair sold at Accessibility Medical Equipment is $225.
"We're serving our mission as long as we're meeting people's needs and helping them remain independent," Drake said Wednesday.
It wasn't hard for the 38-year-old to recognize customers who have strong financial obstacles. Many of their customers are uninsured, and many have low or fixed incomes. Drake said they came from a blue-collar family in Oklahoma that experienced the same struggles.
"I was in a wheelchair from third grade all the way to the middle of college," Drake said.
Their own comeback centers around a set of wheels, having spent 10 years in a wheelchair, living with a form of muscular dystrophy that was diagnosed at age 8. Drake recalls experiencing trouble walking, holding their head up and chewing and swallowing theirs food.
On Wednesday, Drake expressed their gratitude for their family's sacrifices and empathy for people in similar circumstances.
"I began reading medical journals every single morning at nine years old," Drake remembered.
Eventually, Drake said they discovered a cocktail of medicines, supplements and therapy that strengthened their legs again. He's now able to walk without assistance or pain, which is answered prayer for their loved ones.
"Remembering how, when I was a kid, how difficult it was just to get out of bed," Drake said, seated at their desk in an office near City Market, "it's not easily forgotten. Not everyone is as lucky as I am, and there has to be something else I can do for those people who are still struggling."
Accessibility Medical uses grant money from Missouri Assistive Technology to keep wheelchair costs low. Drake said, thus far, their agency has helped nearly 100 people obtain quality wheelchairs at a low cost. They estimated their agency has saved those customers $150,000.
The Whole Person is a similar agency, built around helping people live without aid from others. Lea Klepees is the nonprofit's community outreach manager and also uses a wheelchair in their daily travels.
Klepees, who grew up in Hawaii, was born with a condition called Arthrogyrposis, a muscular disorder that disables a person's ability to extend and flex the body's muscles and joints.
"(A wheelchair) is absolutely needed in a person's life," Klepees said. "They're not cheap."
Klepees, a busy mother of two, just bought a new titanium-based wheelchair, a state-of-the-art speedy, yet supportive aid that cost them nearly $10,000. In their work with The Whole Person, they see less-fortunate and uninsured people with disabilities all the time, most of whom can't afford a proper wheelchair.
"I think it's great that (Drake's) organization provides refurbished wheelchairs to someone that can't afford something brand new otherwise to help them live independently and to help them get around," Klepees said.
"It's a necessity for someone who's as independent as I am, getting from point A to point B, rolling after my kids and doing all kinds of stuff," they said.
"We're proud of the mission we're accomplishing. We have a long way to go and more that we want to do," Drake said.
They said the most satisfying part of their job is the expression of joy they get when a person with a disability receives their new wheelchair. They believe each person`s needs are important, and everyone deserves a chance to live without aid from others.
Drake said their agency has around 60 refurbished wheelchairs ready for purchase, and that anyone can buy them. Customers aren't required to prove their level of income or need to get the reduced prices.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The tragic case of Alfie Evans is set to return to the High Court this afternoon.
A judge is due to hear more submissions in Manchester at around 3.30pm.
The latest development came as Alfie's parents, Tom Evans, 21, and Kate James, 20, kept vigil at their bedside at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool.
Last night, they announced the seriously-ill youngster's life support had been withdrawn at around 9.17pm, the Liverpool Echo reports .
The 23-month-old surprised the family and has been able to continue breathing, aided by oxygen, since then.
Before the withdrawal of their ventilation, Alfie - suffering from an undiagnosed brain condition - was granted Italian citizenship in a bid to take them to Rome.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy announced they'd granted them citizenship after a conservative politician in the country petitioned them to do so.
An official statement on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy's website reads: "Ministers Alfano and Minniti have granted Italian citizenship to little Alfie.
"In this way the Italian government hopes that being an Italian citizen will allow the child immediate transfer to Italy."
Giorgia Meloni, a journalist and politician, yesterday thanked the President-in-office and the council and ministers of Italy for the decision.
They posted: "It's one of those days when you remember that politics can make you do great things.
"[As a] Mum, Italian and president of the party I thank the President-in-office of the council and ministers Alfano and LICR for having accepted my appeal and decided to grant Italian citizenship to Alfie Evans.
"This will allow us to open a window to allow the child to come to Italy and be welcomed into one of our hospital facilities.
"To Parents Thomas and Kate: we wish to see you in our nation soon."
Houston Cain, 71, of the Iron Hill community, died Thursday, April 13, 2017 at their residence.
Final rites will be held at 11 a.m. Tuesday, April 18 at the Little Iron Hill Missionary Baptist Church. Viewing will be held from noon-5 p.m. Monday, April 17 in the chapel of Westside Funeral Home. There will be viewing after the service. Burial will be in the Stephen-Wright Cemetery.
 They are survived by one daughter, Tamika Gore; one son, Willie McKvain; one brother, Fredrick Stephens of Lumberton; and three sisters, Lora Williams, Ella Stephens and Juanita Smith, all of Tabor City.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.
The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Though it assesses the overall economy, the Fed's mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2 percent target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultra-low borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion. The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
More than 24 million people in the UK watched Eric Dier score England's winning penalty against Colombia on Tuesday night, making the World Cup last 16 match one of the most-watched events in recent TV history.
ITV said the game as a whole was seen by an average of 16.5 million people, with the audience growing as the public became aware of the impending penalty shootout.
The previous British TV broadcast to attract more viewers was the 2012 London Olympics closing ceremony , and England's victory was watched by substantially more people than the royal wedding coverage in May.
The actual audience for the match may be even higher than official figures do not include the growing number of people who choose to stream matches on their computer or mobile. ITV said it received 3.3m requests for the game on its ITV Hub streaming platform.
The figures are excellent news for the commercial broadcaster, especially given the long-term decline in TV audiences. ITV said its coverage of the match came close to being the highest peak audience for live sport on British television since England played Portugal in the 2004 European Championship.
It was bad news for rival channels, with the football attracting 81 per cent of the TV audience on Tuesday night.
England's previous World Cup games brought in average audiences of 13.7 million against Tunisia , 9.9 million against Panama and 13 million against Belgium. The BBC has the rights to England's next World Cup game against Sweden in the quarter-finals, which will be shown at 3pm on Saturday.
If England wins, the team's semi-final match will be shown by ITV. Both channels will share coverage of the final.
China's economy continued to accelerate in the first quarter of 2017, with GDP clocking up a better-than-expected 6.9 per cent rise from a year ago, boosted by a pick-up in retail sales and robust factory output.
Also underpinning growth is government infrastructure spending and an ongoing boom in the housing market, which has caused some concerns.
“Generally speaking, the national economy has continued with stable and sound momentum in the first quarter as growth rebounded moderately and economic adjustment was steadily promoted,” National Bureau of Statistics spokesperson Mao Shengyong told a news conference.
The GDP increase was the biggest in 18 months, outstripping the full-year target of 6.5 per cent and also ahead of the 6.8 per cent increase registered in the fourth quarter of 2016, the NBS said.
It's also the first time in seven years that China's economy has seen back-to-back quarterly acceleration.
Changing economy
The figures show how China's economy is changing away from old industrial sectors to become more consumption focused. Consumption contributed to 77.2 per cent of the GDP increase in the first quarter. Last year, 64.6 per cent of growth came from consumption.
“China's economic structure is improving and new momentum is gathering,” Mr Mao said.
The upbeat figures contradict largely gloomy prognoses for the Chinese economy, although it is expected to lose impetus later this year as the benefits of stimulus measures taper off and as local authorities try to cool house prices.
“The first quarter growth is mainly driven by reflation and very strong property sales and investment,” Larry Hu, head of China economics at Macquarie Securities in Hong Kong, told Bloomberg. “This strong data would give more confidence to maintain a tightening stance.”
China expanded 6.7 per cent year on year in 2016, the country's weakest annual expansion in 26 years.
At the National People's Congress in March, the government trimmed this year's growth goal to about 6.5 per cent from a range of 6.5 to 7 per cent for 2016, a move expected to provide more wiggle room for reforms.
Property development
Retail sales increased 10.9 per cent from a year earlier in March, compared with a Bloomberg forecast of 9.7 per cent.
Industrial output rose 7.6 per cent last month from a year earlier, compared with an estimated 6.3 per cent rise.
Investment in property development rose 9.1 per cent in the first three months from a year earlier, compared with 8.9 per cent in the first two months and 6.9 per cent in 2016.
On the employment front, the jobless rate fell in March from February, while the level of unemployment in big cities was below 5 per cent at end of last month, the NBS said. China added 3.34 million new jobs in the first quarter.
Chinese GDP was 18.07 trillion yuan (€2.47 trillion) in the January-March period.
– (Additional reporting: Bloomberg)
The chamber had cleared. The public gallery was empty too. The last of many TDs to shake Leo Varadkar's hand was walking out the door. Suddenly, the new Taoiseach found themselves alone on the floor of a silent, deserted chamber.
They stood still, looking ahead, until the Captain of the Guard arrived to escort them up the steps to the top corner, where their partner and mother and father were waiting.
Miriam Varadkar held out their arms. “Well done, Taoiseach!” they smiled, bursting with pride.
The little group stayed back and talked in the empty chamber. “Am I the only mother here who teared up?” asked an usher.
“I've already done that,” replied Miriam. The two women agreed it was a bit like watching their boys' First Holy Communion.
Leo intervened: “At least I didn't fall this time.”
And as the crowd regrouped outside Leinster House and officials prepared the area around the plinth for the Taoiseach's departure to Áras an Uachtaráin, their mother told the story yet again of Leo's Communion day, when they fell over and dirtied the knees of their lovely white “John Travolta” trousers. “He was very upset and I washed them and dried them for them and put them back on him.”
The sort of things you talk about when your 38-year-old has just become Taoiseach.
Somebody signalled and the timetable kicked in again. “See you later!” said Leo, before they were swallowed up again in the embrace of officialdom and the duties of high office.
Bad timekeeping
Fast-forward to nearly six hours later and it seemed like Taoiseach Varadkar had already assimilated one of their predecessor's bad habits: bad timekeeping.
They had been due to announce their ministerial line-up at 6.30pm but didn't make it back into the chamber until 8pm. It was rumoured that some of their nominees were battling for better portfolios, while others reckoned Mary Mitchell O'Connor had chained themselves to the leg of their table in an attempt to have their demotion from a full ministry to a “super junior” position reversed.
Fianna Fáilers joked that it was all down to Micheál Martin, who hadn't approved all of Leo's choices and ordered them back to the drawing board.
It was already known that Michael Ring would finally reach their El Dorado and bag that elusive seat at cabinet after many years trying. At teatime, they bustled along the main corridor and up the stairs leading to the walkway to Government Buildings, passing a group of Leinster House lifers on the way. They erupted into a chorus of raucous cheers. “Up, ya boya! Winner all right! Winner all right!”
Ringo was wearing a new suit. They affected not to hear, but their discipline gave out halfway up the stairs. They pivoted and gave a thumbs-up to the crowd, nearly falling down the stairs in the process. They looked like they were going to explode with joy. There won't be a hanging basket weeded in Westport tonight, we imagined. But for all that, they aren't the happiest Minister in the House.
Neither was Paschal “double-barrel” Donohoe, who was handed two plum economic departments in one. Neither was Sandymount's Eoghan Murphy, who was too cool to look ecstatic with their elevation to Cabinet.
No, it was the undefeated and still-reigning Tánaiste, Frances Fitzgerald, who was smiling at the beginning of the day and was still smiling at the end of it. In accordance with convention, it was (just about) taoiseach Enda Kenny who kicked off proceedings at midday when they rose to nominate Leo for the office.
“He speaks for a new generation of Irish men and Irish women.”
Shocking pink
Varadkar was seconded by backbencher Josepha Madigan, who didn't appear to get the memo instructing the FG women to wear shades of blue and navy. “For this beloved country of ours, you are the right person or the right time,” they declared, in shocking pink.
This kicked off two hours of speechifying. It got a bit tedious after the first hour, but Leo's partner Matthew looked interested enough and their parents Miriam and Ashok were enthralled.
Micheál Martin said the new Taoiseach had a good start by deciding to get someone other than deputy Noel Rock to nominate him. Noel, delighted with the mention, gave them a happy thumbs-up. The Fianna Fáil leader noted Leo's colleagues were impressed by their “open approach to the media” and how “for many years they have been renowned as the most accessible source in Government”.
Minister for Health Simon Harris shot a wan glance up towards the press gallery. Surely some mistake on the media accessibility front?
“Today the time for excuses ends. The Fine Gael Party has the dominant control of Government” and must start getting things done, concluded Micheál, omitting to mention that Fianna Fáil has its foot on Fine Gael's throat with a minority support deal.
As the talking continued, Leo looked a little overawed by their new situation. They sat with their hands in their lap, twisting their fingers about and wringing their hands. Now and then, they turned to Enda and whispered a question. With each query, Enda got more talkative, using lots of hand gestures.
Gerry Adams feared Leo will drag the Government “even further to the right”. But they have nothing against them personally. “I think they are a decent man. I wish them well. I do not know them well, though they and I once attended the same pilates class.”
Wave of nausea
A wave of nausea washed over the chamber. Gerry smiled sweetly. Leo nodded. Guilty as charged. “We couldn't get the former taoiseach to stretch as far as that,” continued Gerry. Enda looked a bit mystified. Michael Ring stepped in. “It wouldn't be big in Mayo, the pilates,” they boomed.
Brendan Howlin revisited the whole gay, son-of-an-Indian-immigrant part of Taoiseach Varadkar's story. “As you said yourself, it speaks well of this Republic.” (Actually, it doesn't. It was the small, closed shop of the Fine Gael parliamentary party which selected Leo, before people start losing the run of themselves.)
Howlin, noting the contributions about Varadkar's reported right-wing tendencies, remarked that Leo, “the young chap in a hurry who enjoyed writing letters to The Irish Times”, had moderated their views over the years.
Joan Burton urged Leo to hit the ground running and get on their bike. Which sounds like an invite to a triathlon competition.
In the chamber, Leo looked so young. In the gallery, their surgeon partner, Matthew, looked so young. And around Leinster House, grizzled old politicians and journalists sorrowfully mused that you know you're getting old when the guards, the cardiologists and the taoisigh begin looking younger.
Richard Boyd Barrett didn't think it makes any difference whether a Varadkar, a Kenny or a Coveney becomes taoiseach. They're all the one. They might have a point there. Mick Wallace was making furious notes with a pink pen. They got in the mentions of Nama and the Garda Commissioner before wishing Leo the best of good luck and, with a glance to Enda, “good luck to the last fella”.
Packets of sweets
At this point, the Fine Gael TDs in the back row were passing around packets of sweets. Leo, meanwhile, kept looking up to family and friends in the public gallery for reassurance. At this stage, Enda Kenny's hands were getting more animated with their asides. We didn't know whether they were giving Leo tips about government or explaining the size of a fish they caught.
News came through that the Varadkar and FG gang were planning a big party in the VIP area of Coppers. How very next-generational. Mattie McGrath was value for money, for the bits we could understand. They included some lyrics from a song by The Who called Won't Get Fooled Again.
Leo looked slightly miserable, but that's probably because they hadn't toyed with their mobile phone since the proceedings began. The low hum of conversation buzzed around the chamber. But there was instant and utter silence for Michael Lowry when they told Labour's Brendan Howlin that comments they made about them earlier were “nasty and offensive”.
It was, of course, spat Lowry, all Alan Kelly's fault. “Thanks,” chortled their hated constituency rival, Kelly. Don't forget the broadband and internet in Kerry, shouted Michael Healy-Rae, while Catherine Murphy of the Social Democrat described the Taoiseach as “a man many would consider to have multiple diversities”.
Multiple diversities. That's something. When Leo spoke in Irish, the Ceann Comhairle, Seán Ó Fearghaíl, smiled at them like a happy Buddha. After the vote, a walk-though vote, nobody noticed the slick switch of seats between Kenny and Varadkar. This was due to an unmerciful scrum of politicians shouldering each other out of the way to meet Leo's mammy.
They made their first speech. Brief, but well received. Then it was out to the car park to work the crowd. Which Leo did, with surprising enthusiasm. After the delayed second appearance in the chamber, the new Taoiseach finally finished their day. They aren't back until next week. We wish them well.
Two firms – Bleeperbike and Urbo – have been granted licences to operate Dublin City Council's stationless bike-hire scheme.
Under the scheme, 200 bikes will be rolled out across the city “immediately”, with the number of bikes to gradually increase over the coming months, according to the council.
Bikes will be sourced through a smartphone app, which will also unlock the bike. Hired bikes will not have to be returned to a docking station, but must be returned and locked to official Sheffield stands located around the city.
The scheme will be complementary to Dublinbikes, a self-service bike-rental system which uses docking stations located across the capital.
“I think there will be growing pains, and we're starting off slowly,” said Green Party councillor Ciarán Cuffe, who is chairperson of the council's transportation strategic policy committee.
Mr Cuffe said it was hoped there would be 500 bikes operational by the end of the year. “But we want to make sure if there's any teething problems that we can sort them out before we scale up the project.”
Bleeperbike currently operates within the Dún-Laoghaire-Rathdown and South Dublin County Council districts and originally planned to launch its Dublin City scheme in June 2017. However, the launch was delayed when the council said it would have to introduce new bylaws.
The use of the Sheffield stands will ensure that the bikes “don't become a nuisance”, said Dick Brady, assistant chief executive at the council's environment and transportation department.
“Looking around the world, there have been challenges with stationless bikes, of them being left in the wrong place and obstructing footpaths,” Mr Cuffe said. “But I think if it's done right . . . we should be able to overcome these hurdles and really get more people cycling, which is good for air quality, it's good for health and it's good for the city.”
/ Front page / News
LOCAL police officers are participating in a defensive and offensive skill search.
The training is being facilitated by New Zealand police officers, who are in the country to train officers tasked with clearance of major events.
The one-week course will enable local police officers to raise their skill levels in maintaining safety and providing security during major events.
Fiji Police Force's director international relations, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Ulaiasi Ravula, said this would also help police carry out their work as Fiji would host a lot of international matches.
"We have police officers as well as three officers from the Republic of Fiji Military Forces who will undergo the intensive course and they will learn techniques and skills that will enable them to conduct clearance of venues prior to major events," they said.
"Upon completion, the officers will be able to conduct defensive and offensive searches, plan searches and render safe procedures in the event of a threat or even if it's a hoax which could compromise the safety of the general public."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
BDA to hold workshop on Smart Mobility Solutions in Bhubaneswar
Report by Odisha Diary bureau, Bhubaneswar: Initiating the Bhubaneswar Urban Lectures, Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) will be holding a one day workshop on ‘Smart Mobility Solutions in Bhubaneswar' on 16th February 2017.
The first workshop under the series, ‘Smart Mobility Solutions in Bhubaneswar' is being organised in collaboration with World Resources Institute (WRI) and will focus on the following key aspects :-
• Understand challenges and innovations with modernization of city bus services in India
• Share knowledge gained from the best practices in sustainable mobility across the world.
• Obtain feedback on Bhubaneswar's Complete Streets initiatives currently underway.
• Promote coordination amongst various organisations/ agencies involved in mobility sector in Bhubaneswar
There will be two technical sessions on ‘Modernizing City Bus Services' and ‘Vision Zero through Complete Streets' along with panel discussions. Eminent experts on urban mobility and transport will be presenting global best practices and key initiatives being undertaken in Bhubaneswar. Experts will be sharing their share insights on sustainable transportation for sustainable cities. The first technical session will cover strategic thinking for urban bus transport in India, action plans and business models for improving performances of city bus operations. The second technical session will focus on roadway design for sustainable transportation, urban regeneration along Bhubaneswar's streets and experiencing mobility from a child's perspective.
The workshop will bring together the officials from various government agencies, decision makers, experts, professionals, planners and engineers involved in the mobility sector to discuss and understand synergies and way forward in developing a sustainable mobility future for Bhubaneswar.
Bhubaneswar Urban Lecture Series:
Planned under Bhubaneswar Urban Knowledge Centre (BUKC), the Bhubaneswar Urban Lecture series aims to disseminate knowledge and build local capacities in implementing various urban development initiatives in the state. As part of Bhubaneswar Urban Lectures, series of such workshops will be organised on various aspects of urban development.
Grant Shapps isn't the most popular man in the Tory party at the moment, but at least they have a friend to keep them company this evening. By sheer coincidence, Andrew Mitchell has long been booked to speak at the Welwyn Hatfield MP's Conservative Association annual dinner tonight.
But Mitchell is very keen not to appear to be a fellow plotter, having given a speech at the Cambridge Union last night in which they praised the Prime Minister's ‘courage of high order' for completing ‘what was an important and interesting speech in impossible circumstances, and I think all of us in politics should recognise that'.
Speaking to Coffee House, Mitchell said: ‘By coincidence I agreed six months ago to do Grant Shapps' Conservative Association dinner tonight. I will tell them there is no denying we are in a bit of a hole at the moment, but that the way out is for the government to focus on three key points: to deliver the best possible Brexit, address the issue of intergenerational fairness, and fight again the battles which we thought we had finished fighting on the virtues of free enterprise which we thought we had finished fighting when Mrs T was on the throne.'
Oh, to be a fly on the wall when members are allowed to ask questions after the speech.
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined.
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.
Victims included players from the French national team, who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March, and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye, who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters.
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato, a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil, was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey.
In another case, a regional governor told local media that the club their administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players.
Last month, Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in Russia, told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players, rather than as a statement of ideology.
"I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically, maybe so they don't want to keep playing," they said. "It could just be because someone finds it funny."
Overall, cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80, the lowest since the 2013-14 season, according to Fare.
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums.
"Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious, for bringing down banners," Powar said. "That leaves people able or free to chant things and that's a far more difficult thing to police."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The Road Safety Authority (RSA) will introduce a new campaign later this year to encourage employers to have a zero-tolerance policy on staff using mobile phones while driving.
Moyagh Murdock, chief executive of the RSA, said: “We need the employers to take more responsibility to ensure that their employees get that message, that there is zero tolerance about using mobile phones while driving.
“We want people to take heed of the risk they are posing to themselves and to other people. The message is very clear: if we didn't have the level of enforcement and messaging out there, it could be a lot worse,”she told The Pat Kenny Show on Newstalk on Monday.
Ms Murdock was commenting on the provisional figures for road deaths in 2016, which put the number of fatalities at 187, up from 162 in 2015, an increase of 15 per cent.
The highest numbers of fatalities were recorded in counties Cork and Dublin, with 21 each, followed by Limerick, with 16.
The mother of the singer Shane MacGowan became the first person to lose their lives on the State's roads in 2017. Therese MacGowan (87) died when the car in which they were travelling struck a wall at Ballintoher, near Nenagh in Co Tipperary, at about 3pm on Sunday.
Pedestrians and motorcyclists continue to be the most vulnerable road users, with 35 pedestrians and 21 motorcyclists killed in 2016, along with 10 pedal cyclists.
“Any loss of life is a tragedy, so there is no such thing as a good year. It all comes down to the same causes: alcohol, speed and seat belts,” Ms Murdock said. “Unfortunately, people are still taking unnecessary risks; they're behaving irresponsibly when it comes to making that decision whether to drink and drive, and it's had tragic consequences on our roads in 2016 despite all the messaging.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Campaign
They said this behaviour was particularly unfortunate in view of the recent campaign the RSA ran with the family of Ciarán Treacy. The hard-hitting advert, which ran in December 2016, told the story of four-year-old Ciarán, who died when the car they were travelling in was hit by a drunk driver.
“That was a very strong message that came out about how drink-drivers destroy lives,” Ms Murdock said. “Unfortunately, we still see too many people continuing on with that type of behaviour.
“I think people are still behaving very selfishly. They may have been doing this in the past and think they can continue to get away with it, but as you will have seen from the figures in December, the Garda Síochána were very public about their enforcement campaign.
“We accept that there are reduced numbers in An Garda Síochána, but they have been extremely strategic and targeted in their approach, indicating that there is still a problem with non-compliance, so even with the reduced numbers in the Garda Traffic Corps they are very effective at picking up people that take that line of action, and they will be caught.
“This December [2016] was slightly better than last year, so we can assume there is a small number of people who drink and drive. Most people are very responsible, they do make other arrangements.
“I would say the campaign this year was very effective; the numbers could have been much higher only for it. I believe people are listening, but it is a small number [who are irresponsible] – it only takes one or two people to cause a serious crash and, tragically, we have to get those people to stop engaging in that behaviour.
“The best thing that could happen to them is that they are caught. The worst thing that could happen to them is that they are killed or they kill someone.
“There were over 738 people detected for drink-driving [in December] and today they will be waking up, maybe tomorrow facing into going back to work with some news for their employer saying that they will now be facing a driving ban. It could have severe career implications for them.
“The message from the Road Safety Authority and An Garda Síochána is never, ever drink and drive.”
Legislation
Ms Murdock said the new Road Traffic Bill, which passed in the Oireachtas before Christmas and was signed in to legislation by President Michael D Higgins over the holiday period, will see a number of new measures coming into force, including roadside drug-driving testing.
“We will continue to campaign to get the message out there [that] you must always wear your seat belt, especially in the back seats – people seem not to be listening to that message,” Ms Murdock said.
They added that mobile phone use when driving is still a big problem in this country.
“This is a big problem. We have to get people to realise that it is so dangerous; it is just as dangerous as drink-driving,” they said.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
WEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Firefighters worked to retrieve a person who was trapped on a roof inside the Miami-Dade Youth Fair.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue crews lowered the victim down from the top of the food stand at the Fair, Monday afternoon.
Other workers tried to help that woman. They were then taken to the hospital.
Officials have not released their condition.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry is clearly keeping themselves entertained while they continue their recovery from a broken metatarsal - they have a personalised Monopoly set!
The Aston Villa captain broke their foot in the 2-1 defeat to Sheffield Wednesday last month and is due back some time over the festive period.
Since, while Villa have continued to pick up points in their absence, Terry has been providing regular updates as to how their rehabilitation is going via their Instagram page.
One of their recent posts shows them to be indulging in some board gaming, namely Monopoly, which is mounted and displays their initials and their squad number ‘26' in gold.
Will we see Terry again in 2017?
Asked about their progress, manager Steve Bruce said: “We could see John Terry again in 2017, but we have to box clever as they have had a broken bone.
“Hopefully John Terry will be back in the next couple of weeks and that will be a huge boost with the amount of games coming up.”
Set for a recall?
Mauricio Pochettino has confirmed that Tottenham Hotspur could look to recall Josh Onomah in January if transfer business doesn't go to plan.
Onomah, only 20, has scored three times in 21 appearances for Aston Villa this season having agreed a loan move back in the summer.
It's been an agreement that, until now, has largely been a successful one; it's benefitted all three parties in terms of development.
Onomah, also catching the eye for the England U21s this season, has scored in the draw at Bristol City and in wins over Burton and Sunderland.
Aston Villa want this proven Championship striker in initial January move - reports
They aren't quite as effective in the recent draw at Leeds.
After Spurs wiped the floor with Stoke City at Wembley on Saturday, Pochettino was asked about the potential of recalling Onomah, and fellow loanee Cameron Carter-Vickers who is currently at Sheffield United.
“We have the possibility to bring them back,” the Argentine confirmed.
Onomah is currently one of three loan players at Villa Park, alongside fellow Premier League pair Robert Snodgrass and Sam Johnstone.
It refers to completely senseless RTI-response subsequently endorsed by First Appellate Authority at Election Commission wherein it was held that political parties are purview of RTI Act. Central Information Commission (CIC) and not Election Commission is the authority to decide any body to be a public-authority under RTI Act. CIC in its full-bench decision dated June 03,2013, followed by another full-bench CIC-verdict has already declared six political parties to be under RTI Act. Neither any of the two CIC-verdicts have not been challenged in courts by any of the concerned political party, nor legislation has been amended to make political parties outside purview of RTI Act even though a writ by the concerned RTI applicants is pending at Supreme Court to ensure a compliance of CIC-verdicts bringing political parties under RTI Act. As such technically CIC-verdicts declaring six national political parties under RTI Act stands because no court has given any stay-order against the CIC-verdicts.
It is for CIC to take immediate sue-motto cognisance of absolutely senseless dictates holding political parties not under RTI Act. CIC is a national watchdog to ensure that public-authorities do not unjustifiably go against its verdicts. It is like information delayed as information denied if CIC waits the appellant to approach CIC against absolutely wrong, unlawful and senseless orders of Election Commission which has crossed its limitations through such RTI response followed by order of First Appellate Authority of Election Commission. CIC can even impose penalty and recommend disciplinary action against concerned at Election Commission for blunt violation of CIC-orders.
Subhash Chandra Agrawal
(The views expressed by the author in the article are his/her own.)
A classic English comedy of manners and mistaken identity, Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest is subtitled, “A Trivial Comedy for Serious People.” It was first performed in 1895 and remains their most popular play. With witty dialogue and clever plot twists, it is pure farce and turns a satirical eye to Victorian ways.
Circle Bar B's current production, directed by Miller James, hits all the right notes. Joshua Danyel, as Algernon, bursts into the first act crackling with energy. The character is brash, sure of themselves and even a little snooty, but Danyel portrays them in a surprisingly good-natured way.
In seeming contrast, Richard Lonsbery as Jack (aka Earnest) first appears rather low-key, even languid. However, as the action progresses, we see that their energy is on a slow burn and builds to some wonderfully climactic moments.
Note: The scene change within Act II is well worth the price of admission, as they get a chance to show off their considerable chops as a hoofer.
As the lady loves of these gentlemen, both Jennifer Marco and Katherine Bottoms do a fine job. Marco is the composed and proper Gwendolyn, but like Lonsbery as their Earnest, they take their time in revealing the character's subtler layers. Bottoms is the idealistic and spontaneous Cecily, who falls for Algernon, and their energy matches Danyel's beautifully, as they seem to glow from inside.
Lit from within as well, but with a sort of menacing gleam, is Jenna Scanlon as Gwendolyn's mother, Lady Bracknell. The paragon of the English society matron with an agenda, they somehow manage to be both curt and long-winded at the same time, and is scintillatingly scary.
As the prim yet not heartless Miss Prism, co-producer Susie Couch is charming, and their chemistry with husband and co-producer David Couch, who is solid as the sweet-natured (and sweet on Miss Prism) Reverend Chasuble, is adorable.
Allan Stewart-Oaten and Cathryn Betz round out the cast as faithful servants, with Betz also ushering and selling refreshments at intermission.
Circle Bar B Dinner Theatre is truly a family affair, with everyone pitching in. And with the delicious barbecue dinner preceding the show, it's a wonderful way to spend a summer evening, just a 30-minute drive up the coast in what feels like another world.
Be sure to check out this delightful production in its final three weekends, through July 14. Click here for more information.
— Justine Sutton is a Santa Barbara freelance writer and frequent Noozhawk reviewer. The opinions expressed are them own.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger isn't likely to be short on offers when they leaf Arsenal this summer.
The Frenchman will be departing the Emirates Stadium for the final time at the end of the season after revealing this week that their time at the club will be coming to and after a near 22-year relationship.
The news sparked inevitable speculation as to where the experienced manager might pitch up next - if anywhere at all.
Reports in France this weekend suggests that international football might be an option - China and Japan could be both in a position to offer Wenger a job, the latter a nation Wenger knows well having worked there in the 1990s.
The highest-profile club who could be in need of a manager this summer is Bundesliga outfit Borussia Dortmund.
Peter Stoger replaced Peter Bosz earlier this campaign and was tasked with overseeing the remainder of the German season.
Stoger's job is in a temporary capacity, though - their contract is up this summer and Dortmund could come calling for Wenger in the close season.
A replacement?
Bookmakers have installed Thomas Tuchel as favourite to become the next permanent Arsenal manager, following news that Arsene Wenger will step down at the end of the season.
But there are a string of other names in the running - including Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez, and Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers.
Today, a massive 84% of all bets have been placed on Tuchel taking over following the news the French boss will step down.
He's been cut from 33/1 into just 6/4 standout favourite for the job in the space of just three weeks.
Benitez and Rodgers are are 12/1 and 10/1 respectively, with Patrick Vieira, Mikel Arteta and Thierry Henry all linked.
Tuchel and Arsenal's Head of Recruitment, Sven Mislintat, worked together at Dortmund previously and bookies believe they could be reunited once again.
Arsene Wenger will leave the Gunners at the end of the season after a 22-year-reign.
Bookies have China as the 13/5 favourite to be the 68-year-old's next destination , with the MLS next in the market at 100/30.
International management could be next on the agenda, with the Frenchman's next project to be with the French national side currently 6/1.
The odds on replacing Arsene Wenger as Arsenal manager revealed
Oddschecker spokesperson George Elek said: “The news that Wenger will leave at the end of the season will be music to the ears of a number of Arsenal fans, but the real hard work to find a replacement starts now.
“Tuchel has been earmarked by bookies and punters alike to take over from the longest serving manager in the Premier League, and has had their odds cut accordingly.
“We're seeing a tremendous amount of attention on the Arsenal manager market at the moment, and that's only set to intensify as the search for a new boss continues.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion's pre-season friendly at Barnet on Saturday has been rearranged to avoid a clash with England's World Cup quarter-final.
The Baggies and The Bees were due to meet at 3pm, the exact same time as England's last eight encounter with Sweden in Samara.
But the match will now kick off at 12.30pm to allow both sets of fans to catch both games.
Free entry to the aptly-named ‘Bar 66' - located within Barnet's stadium - is available to all ticket holders keen to watch the England game.
Saturday's game is the first of five pre-season fixtures for the Baggies.
Albion are expected to sport their new home kit and hand a debut to goalkeeper Sam Johnstone, following their £6 million switch from Manchester United this week.
Batth linked
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season.
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves' fierce rivals, who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley.
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs, Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department.
Batth, who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season, could find their game time restricted further in the Premier League.
poll loading Would you like Albion to sign Danny Batth from Wolves? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain their starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo's men take on the top flight.
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said: "I'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it's the old enemy.
"He's a popular figure within the club and let's not forget he's been the club captain for the last two promotions, so I'm not sure he's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight.
"I'm positive they are more than aware that he'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being, I'd say he'll keep their head down and take any opportunity when it's given."
Johnstone reaction
Albion supporters offered a generally positive reaction to the news that Sam Johnstone had become Darren Moore's first capture.
Johnstone, 25, has moved to The Hawthorns from Manchester United on a four-year deal and comes with plenty of previous Championship experience having enjoyed spells at Preston and more recently Aston Villa.
The stopper's arrival has paved the way for existing number one Ben Foster to make their move away from The Hawthorns, with Watford the likeliest destination.
It would bring to an end a seven-year association with the Baggies and, after the exit too of Boaz Myhill, it'll be all change between the sticks under Moore.
Johnstone's entrance kick-starts the club's transfer business ahead of what is expected to be a very busy month.
Here is what the fans have been saying.
Paul Harris: We've had to wait a while, but really impressed with the Johnstone signing, exactly the right age plus experience to hit the ground running in a very tough division next year. Let's just hope this is the start to a busy July and this is the first of a few to come!
Joe Crabb: Don't know what #AVFC fans are complaining about. Players go on loan to small clubs in the hope that they impress a big club to come and sign him!
Stig's Baggie Cousin: #wba have paid upwards of 6mil for a goalie. That's a sign of intent as far as I'm concerned.
Kieran Corbett: Johnstone is a good signing, realistically we would have had to replace foster probably next season anyway, and Johnstone is a good keeper
Iain Bate: Great signing for the Baggies. Be happy is this is the sign of things to come #wba
Anthony Curtis: Very happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone, especially as it took my mind off Colombia for 5 minute
Jake: Buzzing that we have finally signed someone and a very good goalkeeper #wba
Jason Wheeler: Sam Johnstone should be the template for the type of players we bring in a talented young keeper who's only going to get better and will want to play we're ultimately the club want to be the premier league & achieve that as one
What's been said
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as "the shape of things to come" after snaffling them from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa.
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United.
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns, having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship.
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million.
poll loading Albion fans - are you happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone? 500+ VOTES SO FAR Yeah, buzzing Nah, not really
"Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper they can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion," said Moore.
"We've had them targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have them on board.
"He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
WHAT JOHNSTONE SAYS
"I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things.
"It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
"Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here."
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Plastics Inventory Tag Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Plastics Inventory Tag market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Avery Dennison Corporation, 3M Company, Zebra Technologies Corporation, Brady Corporation, Tyco International PLC, Checkpoint Systems, Inc., Checkpoint Systems, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, Cenveo Inc., Alien Technology, Inc.. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Plastics Inventory Tag Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastics-inventory-tag-market/10340/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Plastics Inventory Tag market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Plastics Inventory Tag market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Plastics Inventory Tag Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Plastics Inventory Tag. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Plastics Inventory Tag in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Barcodes, RFID, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Industrial, Retail, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Plastics Inventory Tag Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastics-inventory-tag-market/10340/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Plastics Inventory Tag new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Plastics Inventory Tag market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Plastics Inventory Tag industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ahmad Nawaz said surviving a terrorist attack at their school was the “most horrible experience of their life”.
But now the brave teenager has turned the atrocity into something positive by travelling around the West Midlands giving anti-radicalisation talks to other pupils.
During the talks they tell their story and then urges the youngsters not to allow themselves to be drawn into the extremist world.
They tell them how they were just 14 when members of the Taliban stormed their school in Peshawar in December 2014 and carried out a brutal massacre of everyone in the building.
“My brother was killed, 150 of my friends were killed and I watched my teachers being burned alive in front of my eyes,” they said.
“It was the most horrible experience of my life because school is a place where you expect to be safe - I never thought I would be attacked there.”
Ahmad was badly injured during the attack and spent two months in hospital in Pakistan before being flown to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham.
“They thought my arm would have to be amputated and it took 11 operations and two years in the QE but they managed to save my arm,” they said.
“It wasn't just the physical pain, I went through a lot of emotional pain as well.”
After they recovered, Ahmad and their father, Muhammad and mum Samina, settled in Birmingham and now live in Harborne.
They went to Harborne Academy at first, but then won a scholarship to Birmingham's top school, King Edward's High School for Boys in Edgbaston.
Although 17, because of everything that happened to them they are only taking their GCSEs this summer.
After that, they plan to stay on at King Edward's and do the International Baccalaureate - an equivalent of A'levels - and then go on to Oxford University.
They juggle their academic studies with touring schools giving talks, but said spreading the message was essential.
“When I first settled in Birmingham I was shocked to discover the number of children and teenagers who were getting involved in terrorism,” they said.
“I couldn't believe that children living in the UK were going abroad to get involved in terrorism - I thought they were mad.
“Why would children here - who have everything - get involved in terrorist activity? That's why I am involved in this West Midlands Police campaign.
“I say to schools, this is my story, listen - you're living in the UK, you're lucky, you have lots of opportunities - use them.”
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City midfielder Darren Carter believes the resignation of Gianfranco Zola was the right decision.
Carter, who made their name scoring a penalty in the play-off final as an 18-year-old, reckons it was the right act by the Italian with the club hovering precariously over the dropzone.
Speaking to BBC WM, they said: : "The decision that Gianfranco Zola took was the right one.
"I spoke to a lot of friends and family about the last two games and they said the football had been of a low standard and the atmosphere amongst the supporters wasn't good, it wasn't a nice feeling at St Andrew's.
"Frustrations are at an all-time high and the club are in a real predicament just three points off the relegation places.
"Whoever takes over now for the next three games will demand a reaction from the players.
"Robbo (Paul Robinson) will definitely be up for it, but it is a big job, whoever is in charge will have to really step up to the plate.
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
Khosla Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Initialized Capital and Trinity Ventures invest in 15-minute meal-kit provider to fuel national expansion, fortify team, and fund culinary and technical R&D
PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - Gobble, which provides pre-assembled, freshly prepared one-pan meals that busy families can cook in 15 minutes, today announced its $15 million series B.
Khosla Ventures leads the investment. Other Series B investors include Andreessen Horowitz, Initialized Capital and Trinity Ventures.
"We're thrilled to be backed by many of Silicon Valley's most esteemed investors, the visionaries who have helped build the most successful technology companies in the world. This investment will accelerate our capacity to address a very real pain point felt by today's busy working families: their utter lack of free time. Using our dinner kits, parents become Dinner Heros, able to lead their busy lives but still manage to create and enjoy nourishing meals with their loved ones. Our ultimate goal is to help make every day's dinnertime special again," writes Ooshma Garg, Gobble founder and CEO.
"The meal-kit market comes with strict logistics and business model constraints. Gobble has grown largely through word-of-mouth from their delighted, almost cult-like following of busy families. As a result of this and their ability to solve the many financial and supply chain challenges inherent in the meal-kit market, Gobble is the only meal-kit service that has made their unit economics work exceptionally well and has actually created a high barrier to entry to their business," says Khosla Ventures Investment Partner, Keith Rabois.
Gobble launched its signature 15-minute one pan dinner kits in late 2015 across California and, over the following two years, expanded to seven states across the West Coast. The company began its aggressive national expansion in the fall of this year and now serves 32 states with each distribution center already at or beyond a break-even cost structure.
In addition to fueling expansion, Gobble will use the funds to fortify an already strong team. Gobble's culinary department is led by Michael Mina protege and now Gobble Executive Chef Thomas Ricci, who was recently joined by former Eatsa and Del Monaco Foods R&D Chef Nancy DeMartini-Bailey. Gobble's logistics efforts are now led by Steve Robinson, former VP of Global Logistics at Starbucks. Gobble's robust data science and engineering teams, which include veterans from Instagram, Medium, PayPal, Practice Fusion, and other high caliber technology companies, will grow their organizations to advance the company's "taste mapping" technology which employs complex personalization algorithms to develop custom menus for each family based on unique taste preferences and dietary needs, as well as regional trends.
"Meal-kit services are deceptively complex. To succeed, they must deliver an exceptional product, overcome daunting logistics, establish a loyal, ongoing following, and build up long-term competitive barriers to entry. Gobble has met and surpassed all of these criteria," writes Initialized Capital General Partner Garry Tan. "Gobble's investments in culinary R&D and data science have enabled them to build a valuable member base who trust Gobble with their accounts running on 'autopilot'. This investment will accelerate Gobble's growth and help solidify their leadership position as the best end-to-end company in the meal-kit market."
Gobble 15-minute one pan meal kits are $11.95 per meal for 6 or more meals per week -- tax and shipping included.
About Gobble
At Gobble, we help busy families make dinnertime special again. Voted Parent Magazine's #1 Meal Kit Subscription for Families, our fresh, delicious and healthy one-pan meals arrive prepped and ready to serve in 15 minutes or less. Meal kits are so easy that anyone -- even kids -- can cook delicious, satisfying meals at home. Gobble's proprietary taste mapping technology suggests weekly meals personalized for each family's dietary and taste preferences. Internationally inspired menus designed by celebrated chefs will delight your family's taste buds and transform you into a Dinner Hero. The company has received $26M in venture funding from Silicon Valley titans including Khosla Ventures, Trinity Ventures, Initialized Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz, along with founders and executives from PayPal, LinkedIn, Google and Facebook. www.gobble.com.
Nobody knows whether Madhuri Dixit & Sanjay Dutt were a couple or not but back in those days, rumours were rife that both of them feel hots for each other and they used to be inseperable. Unfortunately, Sanjay got dragged into legal controversies and Madhuri got married to Sriram Madhav Nene and flew to US. At that time, both have vowed to never work with each other again.
But as the saying goes 'never say never'. Now, the duo is all set to star together in a film, Kalank and reportedly, they will be seen playing a mature couple in the film. The day the official announcement was made, people went crazy as they goy hell excited to see Madhuri & Dutt together one screen.
Many fans are also wondering how did it happen? Well, we've got answers to your questions.
Sanjay Dutt Was Uncomfortable For the uninitiated, Sridevi was assigned to play the role of Madhuri Dixit. But owing to their sudden demise, Karan Johar ropped in Madhuri Dixit on board. Apparently, Madhuri was fine to pair opposite Sanjay. It was the latter who was feeling more uncomfortable in working with their alleged ex-girlfriend.
Karan Convinced Dutt An entertainment portal quoted a source as saying, "Karan Johar reminded Sanjay Dutt that whatever had happened between Dixit and Dutt was in the past, that they are now happily married and with children. Let the past bury itself."
Interesting! "Dutt apparently heard Johar out and finally relented. Kalank will show the couple in a mature relationship. Their track is being done with utmost discretion. No one will be allowed to feel uncomfortable," added the source.
Sanju Biopic: Why Raju Hirani pick these 6 characters of Sanjay Dutt? Know full story | FilmiBeat Will There Be A Chapter Of Madhuri In Sanju? Last year, the grapevine was abuzz with reports of Madhuri asking the Dutt biopic director Rajkumar Hirani to remove all references of the actor from their movie.
When Sanjay Dutt was asked to comment on the same, they told Mid-Day in an interview, "For where I am today, this [the topic of Dutt] has become redundant. Life has come a long way since then. I don't know where these reports are coming from. In any case, it doesn't make a difference to me."
On a lighter note, Kalank also casts Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Aditya Roy Kapur and Sonakshi Sinha.
Camden Wayne Crossman, was born on December 5, 2017, at 7:35 am. They weighed 6 lbs, 14 oz and was 19.5 inches long at birth.
Their proud parents, Trisha and James Crossman welcomed them into the world.
Congratulations!
Birth announcements are a free service provided by BRC Family Hearing Solutions.
Submit your recent birth announcements here.
President Donald Trump departs the White House Feb. 2, 2018 in Washington, D.C. Win McNamee/Getty Images
The Devin Nunes memo is, as was widely expected, a dud. It reveals nothing new, and answers none of the crucial questions raised by former law enforcement officials who have said there is nothing in this report that warrants its release. Indeed, in an opening missive that truly puts the “cover” in cover letter, White House counsel Don McGahn doesn't even bother to respond to the arguments put forth by the Justice Department, which strongly urged that the memo not be released and cautioned that it would be “extraordinarily reckless” to do so without first giving the DOJ and FBI the opportunity to review it. The FBI similarly issued a stunning public warning that it had “grave concerns” about the accuracy of the memo. And yet, McGahn's letter detailing the reasons for the declassification simply asserts that the president took this “input” into consideration and opted to release the unredacted memo nonetheless, alleging that named officials at the FBI and DOJ were biased against the Trump campaign and conspired to spy on it illegally.
The memo—which centers on the claim that the FBI omitted “material and relevant information” in obtaining a FISA warrant to surveil Trump crony Carter Page was obtained—proves Page was under FISA surveillance for about a year. As David French points out, it's now clear that the counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign, which started in July 2016, “began before the FISA applications against Page.”
The memo also notes the warrant was re-upped three times by an authorizing judge who would have had to determine that each successive warrant provided the government with intelligence that substantiated the original allegation that the target was engaged in clandestine intelligence activity on behalf of a foreign power. It also faults the handlers of the Steele dossier for leaking to the media even as it levels no claims that the substance of the Steele dossier is false. It merely states that the dossier's purveyors were biased, which is not disqualifying in seeking a warrant.
What is the point of dramatically releasing a document that will prove nothing to anyone, except the handful of people who can—by reading every fourth letter therein, and filtering the rest of it through the decoder ring they retrieved from the Comet Ping Pong basement laboratory—see in all this a nefarious conspiracy by largely Republican leadership to discredit Donald Trump in the months prior to the presidential election?
The memo is so silly, and technical, and logic-defying on its face that it's easy to miss the fact that its genius lies in precisely that. Unless one ambles comfortably in the murky weeds of the Trump-Russia collusion investigation, this will all be just arcane and confusing enough to mean nothing. For the vast majority of Americans, it will be enough that the president has now declared that their own federal intelligence apparatus is corrupt and out to get him, and has conveniently produced an enemies list that conveniently sweeps in all the villains, from Christopher Steele to Dana Boente to Sally Yates to Andrew McCabe, who have declined to play on the president's “team.” If the point here is to raise doubts about every investigatory agency capable of scrutinizing Trump, it has been achieved. As John McCain responded, when the memo was released, “If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
This memo has the twin benefits of being both incomprehensible and boring. It serves as a glittering distraction from a host of other insanities unspooling around the administration's consequential failures of governance and immolation of normalcy. But the other purpose of this memo, as has long been predicted, is that it serves as scaffolding for Donald Trump to fire deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein without having to use the pretext that their defining fault is that they are a “Democrat from Baltimore.” As Matthew Miller put on Friday morning, Rosenstein's “dismissal would put special counsel Robert S. Mueller III's investigation in great peril.” By appointing a new acting deputy attorney general, Trump could stymie the Mueller investigation without having to take the political hit of shutting it down altogether. And for progressives poised to take to the streets if Mueller is fired, Rosenstein's ouster might present as a lesser constitutional outrage that perhaps warrants a sad-face emoji rather than a march to the courthouse steps.
Lest you have any doubts about the long game here, the New York Times reports that when they were “[a]sked at the White House on Friday whether they would fire Mr. Rosenstein, the president cocked their head suggestively and said: ‘You figure that one out.' ”
We have arrived at the moment in our re-living of Watergate, in which truly the only thing that can tilt the country from business-as-usual mode into holy-shit-constitutional-crisis mode is whether any one dot on this pointillist moving masterpiece of insanity can focus the mind and public attention enough to break through. If you are asking yourself whether this is the “break the glass” moment, that answer depends on predictable and coherent responses to outcomes. The dismissal of Mueller is one of them. The madcap weirdness of the Nunes memo is another, even if it's dressed up like a turkey in a prom dress. If the real, real long game here is to create just enough chaos and distraction to lead citizens to wonder whether this last action represents the death of constitutional democracy, this latest act is a big win from House Republicans and Donald Trump. Robert Mueller is just fractionally less safe than they were on Thursday, the country is fractionally less confident in the independence and efficacy of the national intelligence apparatus, and everyone is slightly more baffled that something as stupid as the Nunes memo serves to achieve those ends. In a Zeno's paradox of constitutional meltdown, another nothing just inched us closer to a really big something. But nobody knows if we will ever get there.
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
PropertyTransfers
•Timothy R. Smith to Casey B. and Terri L. Drewry.
•William D. and Patricia Scarbrough to Dusty and Kara Mann.
•Beula May Hardin to Beula May Hardin.
•Pamela Wallace Stanfill and others to Clint and Trista Cary.
•Timothy Mark Arnold to Kenneth and Shannon Lawson.
•Johnny and Louise Abbott to Tippitt Farms.
•David Wagner and others to Michael Dewayne Nance and others.
•Billy Fuchs to Sally Fuchs Lehning.
•Burnell Beers to Bethany L. and Travis Ray Russell.
•The Secretary of Veterans-Affairs to Jason Pierpoint.
•Belinda Kay Green to Roberto Castaneda.
•William D. and Patricia Scarbrough to Jessie McDaniel.
•Jennifer Lee Jackson to Allan J. and Mary Jane Moede.
•John T. Law to C & L Farms.
•Shanna Lynn Pardue to Darrell Ridgely.
•Habitat for Humanity of Carroll County, Inc. to Brandy Gilbert.
•Rebecca and Audie Simpson to Paul T. and Paulette A. Crews.
•James Thomas Grant and others to Joshua Brent Grant.
•Bobby and Megan Swafford to Kevin P. and Dana Jill Robinson.
•Billy H. and Naomi R. Dillahunty to Samantha Toler.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The hospital where Rep. Steve Scalise is recovering after being shot says the member of congress remains in critical condition and will require several more operations.
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is also providing a more detailed description of Scalise's wounds. The hospital says they were shot in the left hip, after which "the bullet traveled across their pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs and causing severe bleeding."
Scalise was among several people wounded early Wednesday when a rifle-wielding attacker fired on lawmakers on a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, outside Washington. The attacker was shot and later died.
President Donald Trump made a surprise visit to the hospital Wednesday night. They and first lady Melania Trump brought two bouquets of flowers to the hospital.
After the hospital visit, the president sent the following tweet:
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but they are a real fighter. Pray for Steve! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017
Trump sat by Scalise's bedside and spoke with their family. Press Secretary Sean Spicer describes the scene in the intensive care unit as "emotional."
Spicer says the president was also briefed by Scalise's medical team and spoke with Capitol Police officer Crystal Griner, who was shot in the ankle during the attack on a Republican Congressional baseball practice.
The president and first lady Melania Trump spent about half an hour at the hospital.
Trump also met with other Capitol police officers who have gathered at the hospital and thanked them for their service.
The president was accompanied by White House doctor Ronny Jackson.
For more about the shooting, click here.
Drug development firm Venn Life Sciences has raised £650,000 before expenses in a share sale.
The company, which provides clinical trials services to pharmaceutical and biotech firms, said it expects to use the proceeds for the acquisition by Venn Germany of CRM Biometrics and for “general working capital purposes”.
Following a strategic review last year, the company established that biostatistics plays an “increasingly important” role in trial design and that delivery of strong consulting capability in this area is likely to result in full clinical projects for Venn.
Venn currently generates more than €1 million annually in biostatistics income but does not have sufficient resources of its own to respond to new enquiries in this service line.
There are also scarce resources in the sector generally and this makes it difficult and expensive to find new hires to grow the service line organically.
The company has therefore signed a letter of intent with CRM Biometrics “to acquire certain of the business and employees” as a route to expand its biostatistics capabilities.
Venn Germany will acquire CRM Biometrics' biostatistics team of five people, which it believes is capable of generating €750,000 in annual revenue. It will also acquire all of CRM Biometrics' existing customer and supplier contracts.
Venn Life Sciences chief executive Tony Richardson said the company would look to “further develop” capabilities in this sector.
“As biostatistics plays an increasingly important role in trial design and delivery of strong consulting capability in this area is likely to result in future full service projects for Venn, we are committed to the expansion of our capabilities in this area,” they said.
“We look forward to welcoming the CRM Biometrics team into Venn and to further developing our capabilities in this area.
“Venn currently generates more than €1 million annually in biostatistics income. The acquisition of CRM Biometrics brings clear synergies in the form of shared clients and further cross-selling opportunities.”
The broadcasting regulator should place a levy on television channels that sell advertising in the Irish market, and then use the sums raised to fund Irish content, a report by consultants Mediatique has recommended.
The report commissioned by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) said a content-funding levy on so-called opt-out channels was “desirable”, as long as the revenue was redirected by the BAI into the production of domestic content.
Dozens of mostly UK-based channels operate advertising “opt-outs” in this market, taking a substantial chunk of ad revenues, which Minister for Communications Denis Naughten has previously said poses a “serious impact” on the viability of Irish broadcasting.
Sky either owns or sells advertising on behalf of the majority of these channels, with the other main player being Channel 4.
However, Mediatique said a new content-funding levy would have to be applied to all Irish channels, including RTÉ, TV3 and TG4, “to be acceptable on competition and fairness grounds”. Those broadcasters could then apply to the BAI to use the funds generated by the levy to make programmes.
The London-based consultants highlight “peculiarly acute” challenges in the Irish advertising market, suggesting that ad revenues for both radio and television will be “flat at best” over the next five years.
Broadcasting levy
The consultants also say that broadcasters that relocate to Ireland from the UK after Brexit should be charged an existing levy that is used to fund the costs of BAI's operation.
Channels that are licensed under Section 71 of the Broadcasting Act are currently not liable to pay this broadcasting levy, which has created a perception of unfairness in the market in the past. But a proposed amendment to the legislation may change this ahead of Brexit and allow for a potential new revenue stream for the Irish sector.
The UK's exit from the European Union is expected to trigger a move by several international broadcasting groups from London, as the UK is the current home of more than 900 channel services that distribute to other EU countries, excluding the UK, using a licence from British regulator Ofcom.
Mediatique's report on the Irish broadcasting market has been published alongside the launch of a new public consultation by the BAI on the future development of the sector. The regulator has said it is “open to exploring” the addition of new “niche” radio services.
It has also signalled plans to commission an independent expert review of the potential for digital radio in Ireland. It said it had not explored the development of digital radio platforms “in any great depth” because of the recession and ongoing pressure on advertising revenues.
Submissions of interest
The BAI received 10 submissions of interest last year for the provision of new radio services, with a further three submissions from radio groups seeking an expansion of their franchise area.
A further five submissions “urged caution” on the part of the BAI to licensing new radio services in light of the current difficulties in the marketplace, and also sought the abolition of the broadcasting levy.
Denis O'Brien's Communicorp group – which owns national stations Today FM and Newstalk as well as 98FM, Spin 1038 and Spin South West – criticised the BAI last year for appearing keen on the idea of new services at a time when the radio sector was, it said, facing “unprecedented pressure on its commercial revenues”.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
French baby-milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The company, one of the largest dairy products groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since December 1.
Spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the "precautionary" recall both in France and abroad affected "several million" products made since mid-February.
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
Lactalis employs 75,000 people in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros (£15 billion.)
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhoea and fever.
click to enlarge Enrique Limón
The site of the future homeless resource facility at 653 E. Simpson Ave.
Irked by city government, local attorney Craig Cook says a lawsuit is not out of the question if the divisive homeless shelter proposal at 635 E. Simpson Ave. goes forward.
Cook is part of the neighborhood that's forging a resistance to the contentious site. They sent a letter to the Salt Lake City Council explaining their opposition and hinting at possible legal action. Whether a lawsuit comes to fruition, however, is not certain. Cook says it's early and all the legal avenues haven't been fully explored, but he's confident there is ground.
“The bottom line is everything is up in the air right now and there's plenty of opportunity for change,” they say. “Hopefully saner minds will prevail … because the minds of lawyers are great in finding ways of doing things.”
The purchase price for the site has also given residents pause. Mayor Jackie Biskupski explained after their State of the City address last month why the city agreed to pay $7 for property on Simpson Avenue when the resource center was valued at about $3 million.
The property owner, they said, who possesses several parcels, wanted the city to buy the entire lot, including some developable property.
“So we bought it all knowing that we could do economic development in that neighborhood along with the creation of a new resource center,” Biskupski said. They said the parcel for the resource center adds up to about $55 per square foot, which is a comparable price for Sugar House.
The city won't seek reimbursement from the state for the entire purchase, they added.
At a panel discussion on Monday hosted by Salt Lake Community College, House Speaker Greg Hughes reiterated their stance that homelessness was not a problem isolated in the capital city.
But homelessness is most noticeable in downtown Salt Lake City.
Residents in Sugar House have grown uneasy about the possibility that their neighborhood will resemble the scene outside The Road Home shelter on the Rio Grande Street. They are also concerned the value of their property will plummet.
Biskupski agrees the city needs to do a better job with messaging. But they believe the sites will not replicate Rio Grande. Hundreds of people have worked to implement a new system that assesses the services needed and helps people transition into homes.
“You won't see thousands of people hitting the streets in the morning. That's just not going to be happening anymore. You won't see people who are being preyed upon by drug addicts because they are being kicked out. It is a very different service model,” Biskupski said.
City leaders emphasize the revamped approach to helping the homeless population will aim to support those in need to help them get off the streets and into homes. For a while now, the city has acknowledged a growing demand for affordable housing.
Biskupski recently unveiled a new five-year housing plan that recognizes rising home prices and rent are outpacing wages. One facet of the meticulous 197-page plan is to prioritize affordable housing projects.
“Growing SLC acknowledges that it is a moral imperative to ensure Salt Lake City is a community where all people, regardless of race, age, economic status, or physical ability can find a place to call home,” Biskupski wrote in a memo attached to the plan. “We are not simply focused on numbers, but in laying groundwork across the city to support and foster affordable housing.”
Simpson Avenue opponents have slammed the city for picking sites without public input. Officials said they wanted to avoid fighting between neighborhoods.
Cook isn't so sure the city succeeded.
“All of this has been so shrouded. … In reality, any time you do anything, you've got one neighborhood against another,” they say.
Late last year, the mayor announced four sites in the city where homeless resource centers were to be built. Almost immediately, neighborhoods objected, but none as fervently as the residents and businesses in Sugar House near the proposed Simpson site. Two councilwomen—Lisa Adams and Erin Mendenhall—flipped their support of the site in the aftermath.
The mayor estimated a 2-year window before the sites are up and running.
The Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans' Association (ZNLWVA) Bulawayo province will hold a meeting today in preparation for their indaba with President Emmerson Mnangagwa.
Today's meeting will be held at the organisation's Entumbane suburb offices.
The provincial war veterans meeting is expected to discuss matters to be tabled at their indaba with President Mnangagwa that would be held on a date which is yet to be announced.
The ZNLWVA Bulawayo provincial chairperson, Cde Cephas Ncube said all war veterans must attend today's meeting.
“There is a general meeting for all war veterans on February 3 at 9 O'clock to raise issues that affect all war veterans,” they said.
Cde Ncube first announced last week that they would be meeting today to discuss issues that have to do with their welfare.
Speaking during the burial of war hero Cde Siphetheni Tshuma at the Bulawayo Provincial Heroes' Acre recently, Cde Ncube said one of the issues they were concerned about was the failure by Government to meet expenses during the burials of war veterans.
“War veterans are not supposed to use their pensions to pay for funeral policies because burying war veterans is the responsibility of Government,” they said. Chronicle
British foreign secretary Boris Johnson has denounced Moscow's denials of involvement in the nerve weapon attack on a former Russian double agent as “increasingly absurd”.
Mr Johnson's remarks came as they received further support from the European Union and Nato on Monday over the attack.
The secretary of state for foreign affairs discussed the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia at a session of EU foreign ministers, which they addressed. Mr Johnson also discussed the incident in a meeting with Nato secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg after statements of solidarity last week by a host of Western governments.
“Our Nato allies have shown such undivided support,” said Mr Johnson after meeting Mr Stoltenberg.
All 28 EU foreign ministers issued a joint statement on the attack, expressing “unqualified solidarity”.
“The European Union takes extremely seriously the UK government's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible,” the statement noted.
Russia, including president Vladimir Putin, denies any involvement.
Mr Johnson said they saw a “classic Russian strategy” as they arrived for the EU meeting, a day after Putin was re-elected for another six-year term as president.
“They're not fooling anybody anymore,” said Mr Johnson. “There is scarcely a country around the table here in Brussels that has not been affected in recent years by some kind of malign or disruptive Russian behaviour.”
Mr Stoltenberg echoed that position: “Russia will continue to seek to divide us.”
Swedish foreign minister Margot Wallstrom, meanwhile, accused the Russian foreign ministry of deliberately sowing confusion by suggesting the nerve agent used in the attack on the Skripals might have come from Sweden.
“This is just ridiculous and totally unfounded,” said Ms Wallstrom. “I think they are trying to divert the real issues here.”
Moscow on Saturday announced the expulsion of 23 British diplomats in a response to Britain's decision last week to expel the same number of Russian diplomats from London.
On Sunday, Mr Johnson accused Russia of stockpiling the deadly Soviet-era nerve agent Novichok used to poison the Skripals, a charge Moscow denies.
The couple were found unconscious on a bench in the English city of Salisbury on March 4th and remain in a critical condition in hospital.
Asked what support Britain had requested from the EU and Nato to counter Russia, Mr Johnson replied that they were seeking to intensify work on a range of strategies. These include defences against Russian attacks on computer networks, challenging disinformation campaigns and acting against criminal financial networks.
“There are things we can and must do together,” said Mr Johnson, adding that Britain was “going after the money that has been illicitly or corruptly obtained”, without giving details.
While there was no immediate prospect of further sanctions on Russia, British prime minister Theresa May will have an opportunity to present their case for any such measures at an EU summit on Thursday, or call for others to expel diplomats.
“We need to put pressure on Russia to take part in a real enquiry about the attack,” said Belgian foreign minister Didier Reynders . – Reuters
ABC7 Anchor Christina Carilla takes you to Disney's Animal Kingdom where the co-hosts of ABCare 'The View' celebrated 20 years on the air.
This morning, everyone's favorite animated band announced its first North American tour in seven years, including a show at Red Rocks.
Gorillaz will play the venue on Sept. 26. Tickets are $54.20-$60.75 and go on sale April 21 at 10 a.m. via axs.com.
The band is touring in support of its new album, “Humanz,” which comes out on April 28.
Gorillaz last played Denver in 2010, when they swung by the Bellco Theatre (formerly the Wells Fargo Theatre). From former Reverb editor Ricardo Baca's review of that show:
Most impressive about Sunday's show was the overarching vision. The giant production — which included a full band supplemented by eight horn players, a seven-piece string section, six Arab American instrumentalists and guest stars that included Bobby Womack and De La Soul (not to mention guitarist Mick Jones and bassist Paul Simonon of the Clash) — was unmatched by any other show to hit the road this year. It's clear Albarn has been mulling this big tour over for years.
Check out the band's full list of tour dates below.
Gorillaz 2017 tour dates
July 8 – Chicago IL – Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island +
July 10 – Toronto ON – Air Canada Centre +
July 12 – Boston MA – Blue Bank Pavilion +
July 13 – Philadelphia PA – Festival Pier at Penn's Landing +
July 15 – Quebec City QC – Quebec City Summer Festival
July 17 – Washington DC – Merriweather Post Pavilion +
August 11-13 – San Francisco CA – Outside Lands Music & Arts Festival
Sept. 15-17 – New York NY – Meadows Music & Arts Festival
Sept. 18 – Detroit MI – Fox Theatre +
Sept. 20 – Minneapolis MN – Roy Wilkins Auditorium +
Sept. 22 – Kansas City MO – Sprint Center +
Sept. 24 – Las Vegas NV – Life Is Beautiful
Sept. 26 – Denver CO – Red Rocks Amphitheatre +
Sept. 30 – Seattle WA – Key Arena +
Oct. 5 – Los Angeles CA – The Forum +
Oct. 11 – Atlanta GA – Infinite Energy Center +
Oct. 13-15 – Miami FL – III Points Festival
Drew Angerer/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Rudy Giuliani, a member of President Donald Trump's personal legal team, told reporters Wednesday that special counsel Robert Mueller would be “doing a Comey” – in other words, they suggested, meddling in an election – if they do not file a report on their special counsel investigation by September.
“If they don't file their report by September 1, mid-September, he's clearly doing a Comey,” Giuliani said. They later clarified that they didn't necessarily mean Mueller should wrap up the special counsel probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign by that time. Rather, Giuliani said they meant Mueller should make public what, if anything, the counsel has learned about President Trump.
Giuliani expanded on what they meant by “doing a Comey” at a reporter's prompting.
“Meddling in the election. Doing Hillary in July, doing Hillary again in late October and then pulling back on the investigation a weekend before the election? Horrible,” they said, speaking during an event promoting sports on the White House South Lawn, as a band played “We Are The Champions” and children shouted and screamed in the background.
In July 2016, then-FBI director James Comey took the unusual step of holding a news conference to announce that they would not recommend charges against then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton following an investigation into their email practices, which began sometime in 2015. Comey then reopened the investigation on October 28 after the FBI discovered new emails. Two days before Election Day on Nov. 8, Comey said the newly-discovered emails did not change their conclusion from the previous year, and the investigation was closed again.
The former New York city mayor said that “interview or no interview” [with Trump], the special counsel should release at least a provisional report by then, suggesting there has still been no decision made on whether the president should sit with the special counsel or not.
Earlier Wednesday, Trump had tweeted that they wish they hadn't nominated Jeff Sessions to serve as their Attorney General because Sessions, a Trump campaign ally, recused themselves from the Russia investigation.
They quoted House Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy in a tweet, “….There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!” Then Trump added, “And I wish I did!
Giuliani did say that they thought Sessions was still capable of doing their job leading the Justice Department despite Trump's critiques.
“I think if they aren't, he'd leave,” they told reporters.
Asked whether Trump might fire Mueller, Giuliani said they didn't think so. “Mueller… is creating their own problems,” they said.
Regarding Comey's actions, Giuliani said an impending report by DOJ inspector general Michael Horowitz about Clinton-related leaks from the FBI will “explain a lot of it,” but that they didn't know when that report would be released.
Horowitz began their investigation about a week before the election, looking at the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation including Comey's announcement and the possibility that agents leaked information about their family's charitable organization, the Clinton Foundation.
Horowitz told congressional leaders earlier this month that a draft copy of their report has been made available to the DOJ and FBI, and they are expected to brief members of Congress once the report is released.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A driver slammed into a wall at a parking garage in downtown Miami, causing debris to fall below.
According to police, the elderly woman crashed inside of the parking garage, located at 50 NW 2nd Ave., Monday morning.
The crash caused concrete to rain down below along Northwest Second Avenue near West Flager Street.
The driver was transported to Jackson Memorial Hospital's Ryder Trauma Center in an unknown condition.
No one on the ground was hurt.
The cause of the crash remains unknown.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
At least nine people are killed, amid reports that attackers are holding a number of hostages....
read more...
Published By: BBC News Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
A specter is haunting Santa Barbara County — the specter of fracking! At a recent Board of Supervisors budget hearing, several speakers, including several representing industrial interests from North County, urged the supervisors to erase all of our fiscal worries by simply issuing more permits for oil drilling.
These speakers suggested that we “take advantage” of “new technologies” to access the Monterey Shale oil, which lies beneath the surface of large swaths of our region.
While I recognize the need for our county to find new revenue streams to pay for public safety programs and provide a “safety net” for our most disadvantaged populations, I urge extreme caution in rushing forward with increased permits for oil production.
So, we have the industrial concerns of North County proposing increased oil production through so-called “new technologies,” and the county supervisors having to consider the issuing of more permits. What role do we as a community get to play in these decisions? Who decides?
The issue of hydraulic fracturing, or “fracking” as it is commonly known, was also the subject of two very different documentary films in Santa Barbara on the same night this past month. The “pro-fracking” documentary FrackNation by Phelim McAleer screened at the Reagan Ranch Center, while Gasland 2 by the Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Josh Fox was screened at UCSB. Clearly, discussion about fracking is in the still-relatively-clean air of Santa Barbara County!
Previously, I have voiced my concerns about climate change. I had been massively affected by reading environmentalist Bill McKibben's infamous piece in Rolling Stone magazine last summer, “The Terrifying New Math of Climate Change.”
This article summarized the global scientific consensus that there is five times more carbon left in known oil and gas reserves than is safe to burn if we want a livable planet for our children. Because of the way oil and gas investments work, these reserves are already economically “above ground,” and the fossil fuel industry intends to extract and burn them all.
With our polar ice caps melting and climate disruptions already wreaking havoc in many parts of our country, e.g. Superstorm Sandy and even more around the world, it is hard to fathom that we are still acting as if there is no problem.
If all of this talk about climate change isn't frightening enough, enter the prospect of dirty and heavily polluting fracking. While it is true that a form of hydraulic fracturing has been around for decades, recent developments by Halliburton Industries have taken these procedures to an unprecedented level of use and of harm.
Fifty years ago, when an oil well would run dry, oil companies would use explosives or highly-pressurized water to fracture sections of rock to loosen up additional stores of oil. But this was only done in vertical and slant wells. Today, the fracking process has energy companies drilling deep into the Earth — often more than a mile below the surface, and then drilling another mile horizontally and injecting a highly-pressurized mix of water, sand and toxic chemicals to crack through the hard shale rock formation to release “trapped” natural gas and oil.
Imagine a 10-layer cake with a thick layer of hard and brittle chocolate with gooey bubbles of fudge in it between the bottom two layers. That is Monterey Shale oil. The hard chocolate is locking in the fudge bubbles, and so to unlock it, you drill down, then turn a sharp corner, drill horizontally across the length of the cake, and then explode and flush out the fudge. The problem with this is that way up toward the top of the cake, between layers two and three and five and six, are fresh groundwater stores.
Since the time the Bush/Cheney administration exempted natural gas drilling from the Safe Drinking Water Act, shale deposits across the United States have become ground zero for fracking. This exemption is titled the “Halliburton Loophole,” named for the asupervisorstioned massive corporation that developed the horizontal drilling technology.
Fracking is not safe. Each time a well is fracked, millions of gallons of water and tens of thousands of gallons of chemicals can be used. Often wells are fracked more than a dozen times.
The procedure causes methane gas and toxic chemicals to leach into the surrounding aquifers. While half of the toxic soup is recovered, the rest is simply left underground. Open-air pits filled with recovered waste can dot the landscape, releasing volatile organic compounds into the environment.
In states such as Pennsylvania and Texas, they are primarily fracking for “natural gas,” which is being marketed as a “clean” energy alternative. We don't consider groundwater contamination, methane emissions and radon 226 seepage to be a clean alternative to anything! Why else would the energy industry have asked for exemption from all of those pesky regulatory acts?
Even if this process were clean, and even if natural gas were a cleaner-burning solution for the future, fracking in California is not so much about natural gas as it is about oil — heavy, dirty shale oil. Moreover, in California the industry is required to re-inject the toxic fluids back into the ground, increasing the risk of earthquakes.
Former NASA climatologist James Hansen insists that we cannot afford to continue to develop these unconventional fossil fuels and expect to have a livable planet.
So if fracking is so bad, how could it possibly be allowed to flourish in the United States of America?
To answer this question, we must briefly delve into the process by which environmental regulations are created, expose its flaws and provide a new alternative — “the community rights” approach, which we see as tailor-made to counter these perceived flaws.
So, how are environmental regulations typically made? And why would the laws and rules not be adequate enough to protect our local environments?
First, communities have to become aware that there are potential threats to their environments. Often, there are multiple concerns.
Second, concerned citizens must persuade lawmakers that a problem exists and that government has a responsibility to find solutions.
Third, funding must be allocated to implement and enforce whatever regulations come to be established. Without money, nothing will be done, even if adequate laws are put on the books.
Fourth, in consultation with “interested parties,” regulations are drawn up by appropriate government departments or agencies.
Finally, environmental regulations typically face court challenges and interpretations.
Several problems exist with this process:
» While citizens often begin by voicing multiple concerns, the regulatory process often whittles those down to far few, more “manageable concerns.” Initially, for a hypothetical example, citizens might have been concerned about how that proposed factory pig farm would affect local traffic, the humane treatment of the animals themselves, the waste runoff, the working conditions of the employees as well as air quality. The resulting regulations, forged in consultation with “industry experts,” end up only stipulating the number of particles of fecal coliform bacteria per 100 milliliters of water and ignore all the other concerns.
» In innumerable ways, industrial interests exert an undue influence on the process of drafting regulations. There is the “revolving door” — the cycling of people between their roles as legislators and regulators and the industries affected by legislation and regulation. This can result in “regulatory capture” — when an agency created in the public interest instead advances the industry it is charged with regulating.
Consider that the Environmental Protection Agency said in 2004 that fracking “posed little or no threat to drinking water.” A New York Times editorial stated that the EPA's study “whitewashed the industry and was dismissed by experts as superficial and politically motivated.”
Recall that the EPA is prohibited from regulating fracking due to the previously mentioned “Halliburton Loophole,” a clause added to the 2005 energy bill at the request of then-Vice President Dick Cheney, who was previously a CEO of Halliburton.
As can be seen, the mainstream regulatory approach protects and enhances big-moneyed corporate interests and disenfranchises local populations.
So, what recourse do we have to protect ourselves and our communities? What can the citizens of Santa Barbara County do to stop fracking here? And who should decide?
The “community rights” movement counters the multiple flaws of the mainstream regulatory process. Communities brazenly assert their power to control and protect what happens in their jurisdictions. Across the country, towns and cities have banned fracking within their communities and have removed certain legal protections from corporations.
Pittsburgh, Penn., led the way in November 2010 when its City Council unanimously adopted a Community Bill of Rights outlawing fracking. Since that time, 150 communities have passed some version of community rights.
It is an act of civil disobedience in which local self-determination is insisted upon, and the “pre-emption” of higher levels of government is flatly denied. Remember that many human rights movements have been ushered in through marginally disruptive acts that initially seemed outlandish.
Community and environmental rights are about a lot more than banning fracking; they assert our right to take control of the quality of our local governments and to create a sustainable future. Community rights empowers residents to bypass a regulatory process that protects and serves industry more than it serves us. It returns power to the citizen, rather than counting on the elected to do the right thing.
While the community rights movement may have begun as zoning restrictions for drill operations in residential districts in Pennsylvania, it has emerged as a test case for grassroots participatory democracy. Community rights initiatives could be used to ensure clean water for our vital agricultural interests throughout the county.
How could the “right to frack” be protected by law, while the rights of communities to make decisions about it are illegal?
Our communities face widely divergent and competing visions of the future. Theirs is about a “get rich quick” scheme with a dirty, industrialized fracking economy. Ours is about taking control of our local environment and creating a thriving and sustainable future.
My proposal is to enact a Community Bill of Rights and Fracking Ban, by popular vote if necessary. The citizens of Santa Barbara County want these legitimate rights — such as clean air, clean water and self-determination over our sustainable energy future — regardless of what the state government and corporate industry state to be our valid local concerns. I urge all communities to do the same.
— Wayne Mellinger, Ph.D., is a social justice activist living in Santa Barbara and social worker for the homeless.  They are on the board of Clergy and Laity United for Economic Justice (CLUE).
Love Island is giving us all the drama and more right now, with things kicking off between Josh Denzel and Georgia Steel, Wes Nelson and Megan Barton-Hanson and even Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham last night.
After Dani returned from afternoon tea with Jack's ex-girlfriend Ellie Jones, they had a few questions for Jack about the way he's treated women in the past, and whether they were a general f*ckboy.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ITV2
ITV2
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But there was one secret that Ellie shared with Dani that viewers were absolutely LOVING, after they revealed Jack actually has a poster of Dani's dad Danny Dyer in The Football Factory above their bed.
This is hilarious. Why has Jack failed to mention this so far?
"I did go in their house a few times", Ellie said. "I know you're not going to want to hear this, but he's got a poster of your dad up in it. One of the films that he's in, it's in their bedroom."
"We'll not talk about that one", Dani replied. "Omg that's made me feel sick. I can't look at them ever the same. He's got a poster? He's 26! Why's they got posters?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Later, Dani asked Jack about the poster, to which they respond, "Oh yeah I have. It's not a poster... I've had it for f***ing years. It was my brother's", before adding in the Beach Hut, "she's made out like I've got some shrine to Dani's dad above my bed. That I sit there every night and pray to it. She's made out like I'm some sort of weirdo, what the f***".
JACK HAS A POSTER OF DANNY DYER I AM SCREEEEEAMING #LoveIsland — L (@highlara) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“He's got a poster of your dad”
Danny dyer: THATS MY BOY #Loveisland pic.twitter.com/dr60WCPWkJ — hol (@MissHollyBurnsx) July 3, 2018
Jack has a poster of Danny Dyer, can't write it 😂#loveilsand — Jay Cowan (@JayCowan1992) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
LOOOOOOOL JACK HAS A POSTER OF DANNY DYER IN Their HOUSE #loveisland pic.twitter.com/jv3qI7VOHf — phantom (@DaciasWorld) July 3, 2018
JACK HAS GOT A POSTER OF DANNY DYER IN Their BEDROOM I JUST CANNOT #LoveIsIand — Jess 🌻 (@jrmdola) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That is HILARIOUS. While some fans are questioning whether Jack only went for Dani because they knew they were Danny Dyer's daughter (really?), others are hailing it a hilarious coincidence that they were such a fan before.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
[Noozhawk's note: One in a series on Santa Barbara Partners in Education volunteers. This article is sponsored by McGowan Guntermann, a partner in Education President's Council member.]
Santa Barbara Partners in Education's best asset, other than its unique relationship with the K-12 public-school system, is its vast network of impressive business partners who use their power for good. McGowan Guntermann is no exception among local influential business leaders who have gotten involved in Partners in Education.
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
A nonprofit organization run under the administration of the Santa Barbara County Education Office, Partners in Education collects and tracks school needs (someone to help third-graders with reading, for example), and then connects those needs with volunteers who can help.
Partners in Education encourages its volunteers to address school needs according to their personal passions and expertise. For example, if you happen to be really good at soccer and you also like children, you could be a great fit for a lunchtime volunteer activity at an elementary school. Someone else might be excellent at both public speaking and describing their or their career in a language junior high school students can grasp. In that case, Career Day all the way!
McGowan Guntermann, in its second year on the Partners in Education President's Council, has followed the lead of local volunteers and has offered support to Partners in Education by doing what it does best: accounting.
Founded in 1945, McGowan Guntermann is one of the longest-running CPA firms on the Central Coast. It prides itself on delivering quality-driven service and exceeding client expectations. You won't be surprised then by the enormous sense of relief Partners in Education staff feel each year knowing that a McGowan Guntermann CPA will be guiding them through tax season. The firm has been working with the organization for more than 10 years consulting on Form 990 tax preparation.
Partners in Education executive director Michelle Magnusson voiced their appreciation.
“I am personally very grateful to have McGowan Guntermann staff, especially Steve Smith, support our organization with 990 tax preparation each year,” they said.
“On top of that, Chris Reed invited a group of interested and engaged staff to learn more about the specific ways to fulfill the requests of local teachers. I wish I could have filmed the meeting to show other companies how fun it can be to involve your staff in selecting a corporation's philanthropic agenda.”
Chris Reed, who became a McGown Guntermann partner in 1999, says the opportunity was a natural extension of the firm's work.
“We are more than a CPA firm that prepares income tax returns,” they said. “We are a team dedicated to helping our clients, many of which are nonprofits that we offer discounted rates, in many different ways.”
In addition to offering discounted rates, the firm has donated more than $125,000 to local charities over the last few years, including $2,500 to Partners in Education as a member of the President's Council. Employees help choose the charities, a conscious decision on behalf of the partners to help the team feel more invested in local efforts.
“Community is important and can only continue to develop and grow with everyone's help, whether it's through volunteering your time or donating funds and resources,” Reed said.
“But donations alone aren't enough, and that's why what Partners in Education is doing through its Volunteer Program is so important,” they continued. “Time and hands-on effort are needed for real growth. The Volunteer Program creates ways for people to help students during the school day, where the learning environment is and where there's a great opportunity to enhance it.”
Reed is also a firm believer in the power of internships, and they applaud the efforts of the Partners in Education Internship Program.
While attending UC Santa Barbara, an internship with a local accounting firm gave Reed the unique access into the industry they needed and is the reason they are where they are today.
“It's one thing to read about accounting theory, but it's another to apply what is learned in the classroom to real situations,” they said.
Reed believes it's important for businesses to recognize the role they have in shaping young people's futures, whether it's through hiring interns or volunteering in their classrooms. They see any job as an avenue to give back to the community.
“If you have fun at work you will be successful in so many ways,” they said. “I've enjoyed working at McGowan Guntermann since the day I started in December 1989. Working in the public accounting realm or in any field can be really rewarding, once you find a way to help others become more successful themselves through your work.
“Simply put, it feels good to help others.”
• • •
Santa Barbara Partners in Education is a nonprofit 501(c)3 administered by the Santa Barbara County Education Office. Partner programs include a Volunteer Recruitment program serving K-12 public schools and nonprofit organizations; a Paid Job Readiness Training & Internship program for deserving high school students; and Computers for Families, a program working to close the digital divide.
» Click here to volunteer with Partners in Education, or call 805.964.4710 x4401.
» Connect with Partners in Education on Facebook. Follow Partners in Education on Twitter: @sbpartnersined.
» For other inquiries, contact internship program and communications coordinator Chelsea Duffy at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
— Chelsea Duffy is a program coordinator for Santa Barbara Partners in Education.
Definitely no “collusion,” whatever that is. Pool/Getty Images
A trap: It is incredibly difficult, Dahlia Lithwick writes, for Trump's opponents to resist using their own made-up “legal” language to describe what's going on with the Mueller investigation. But we have to try.
Get it right: The liberal internet mixed up two stories about migrant children over the holiday weekend, and the result was a total mess, Henry Grabar writes.
Not here: The idea that the United States should, like Ireland, put abortion rights to a popular vote is pretty disturbing to Christina Cauterucci. Nobody's bodily autonomy should be subject to democratic decision-making.
How it'll be: Isaac Chotiner spoke with political scientist David Runciman, who thinks we're doing it all wrong when we look to the fascism of the 1930s for a preview of what's going to happen to our democracy. A slow-burn collapse, Runciman said, is much more likely than a quick downfall.
For fun: He's the guy who replied-all.
Sounds like it worked out OK,
Rebecca
A buck looks up from grazing off Burton Avenue in July 2016. Stephen H. Provost sprovost@thetribunenews.com
By Obadiah Mailafia
IN Matthew 5:13 we read: “Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost their savour, wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.”
I find the metaphor of salt particularly instructive. Salt is not only an additive that gives taste to food; it is a preservative and an antibiotic. Among the Russian people, guests are welcome with salt and a loaf of bread; a gesture of the highest hospitality that can be offered any visitor. In the Old Testament, a covenant of salt was considered a covenant of everlasting obligation. Our Lord is here describing their followers as those who add seasoning to a tasteless humanity; the healers of the world — custodians of the eternal covenant of hope.
Our Nigeria of today is tasteless because we as believers have lost our saltiness. Our country is mortally sick with a sickness unto death — to echo the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard – because we have lost the salt properties with which to heal a broken world. We have departed from our first love — from the covenant of our forefathers — fallen prostrate before Baalim. We are the latter-day Laodicean Church; so tasteless and so lukewarm that it would have to be spewed out.
Make no mistake about it: Jesus Christ is the first and the last; the beginning and the end of all things. We are in Him and of Him. The tragedy of Christendom today is that we have compartmentalised our lives into separate secular boxes. We welcome Him in our churches on Sundays but deny Him in our business and political lives.
I happen to be a student of Islamic philosophy and metaphysics. I admire certain aspects of the Muslim religion, especially where they reject any separation between the secular and the sacred. They always insist that Islam is “a complete way of life”. If we were not just Sunday church goers we would live the full apostolic gospel in its totality.
Although I was born into the evangelical tradition, I happen to be catholic and ecumenical in outlook. My greatest influences have been figures such as Abraham Kuyper, the great protestant statesman of Holland; Francis Schaeffer, the American Presbyterian pastor and philosopher; the catholic philosopher Jacques Maritain; and the Lutheran German theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer. All these churchmen are united in the conviction that Christianity must be lived as a complete and holistic way of life. Christ in us, Christ above us, Christ behind us, Christ before us; the hope of glory. Christ in us means we are called to humanise the earth, to redeem a lost and broken world.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer was one of the famous churchmen who led the resistance against Adolf Hitler in Germany. They urged Christians to accept the cost of discipleship and to abjure “cheap grace”. They were executed in a German political prison in April 1945 age 39. At the hour of their death, they knelt down and prayed. Ever the pastor, they were the one comforting their fellow prisoners rather than being comforted. Their last words: “This is the end–for me, the beginning of life.”
Today, the wind is patently against the face of Christ in Nigeria. Churches have been burnt down in Yobe, Borno, and Adamawa and throughout the northern states of Nigeria. Thousands of Christians have paid with their lives, while many more have been rendered homeless. In Maiduguri, not too long ago, a young pastor was taken hostage by Boko Haram terrorists. They asked them to renounce the Lord or face imminent execution. They chose the path of martyrdom. Before they were executed they were allowed to call their wife. I shall paraphrase their last testament: “My darling wife, I love you,” they wept; “take care of the children, please tell the brethren that I did not betray our Lord”.
My friends, we face difficult days ahead. No one knows how the future of our great country will pan out. What seems clear is that nations that cannot continually reinvent themselves are likely to atrophy and die.
As Christian leaders, our role is to pursue the path of hope and reconciliation. At a time when evil men are driving a wedge between Christians and Muslims, we are called to restore hope in a hopeless world. We can make the difference because we are different. We can make the difference because we are in this world, but we are not of it.
We are heirs of a heavenly kingdom. In our politics, in our businesses, in our cultural and intellectual activities, we must bring a kingdom approach to bear in all we do. Because Jesus is the Way, the Life and the Truth, we cannot be otherwise.
The Jews have always adhered to the ideal of Vivek Olam (to perfect this world) as their life-philosophy. For Christians, the call to politics is a call to human redemption. The ideals of the Common Good have been central to Catholic Social Teaching since St. Thomas and the medieval Jesuit Fathers of Salamanca. We are called to seek the Common Good of all — to unite in solidarity against the common enemies of the people — poverty, illiteracy, disease and disempowerment.
May the Holy Spirit – the spirit of wisdom and grace — guide us to become the leaders our country needs in times like these. May we never forget our true calling as servants of the people. Do not ask for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for you and me: “He has shown you, O man, what is good; and what does the Lord require of you but to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God?” (Micah 6:8).
(Concluding part of a Keynote Address Delivered on the Occasion of the First Prayer Summit of Christian Leaders Organised by CAN Nasarawa State Chapter, in Lafia, August 5 2017).
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser. Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday. The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP Julie Smith
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It will be a very emotional day for all when the old wholesale market closes down.
A date in May has been given for the opening of the new 50-acre Wholesale Market site in Witton , which will have 55 tenants and be one of the largest integrated markets of its kind in Europe.
And the plan is for the old site on Pershore Street to close down almost simultaneously.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The complex transition will make it a challenging week for all concerned.
Especially as staff who have literally spent four decades working in one place will suddenly find themselves in a different part of the city when they start 2am shifts in their new home.
Eddie Price, from management consultants Technolink UK which has been helping to mastermind the switch, said: “It is going to be a very emotional day for all us.
(Image: Graham Young)
“This is a very important story for Birmingham.
"We have been working on this move for seven years.
"With trucks coming from all over Europe to the new site for the first time, there will be a degree of chaos."
When will the move be?
(Image: Graham Young)
The new market is set to begin trading at 2am on Tuesday, May 8.
Traders will be able to start filling up with stock during the week before, as well as familiarising themselves with everything the new site will entail.
Prior to a bells-and-whistles celebrity launch in June, there will be a low-key ceremony from 10am on Tuesday, May 8 to mark the opening.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
Council leader Ian Ward will give a short speech and be accompanied by Waheed Nazir, Birmingham City Council's director of planning and regeneration.
The chairperson of Birmingham Wholesale Market's fresh produce association, Mark Tate, will then respond in kind.
Mark, who also runs the country's oldest fruit and veg wholesaler, George Perry, says: “This move is a colossal event.
“Our company has been at the current wholesale market for 44 years since it opened in 1973.
(Image: Graham Young)
“And it has been in the centre of Birmingham since 1870.”
Birmingham's Wholesale Market was built on the site of the old manor House, opened in 1883.
The history of markets in Birmingham is even older – dating back more than 800 years to 1166 when the city was granted a Royal Charter
Mark adds: “It will be an emotional time, but I think that will be more than a reflective thing as everything is moving full steam ahead – we are at the stage now where we just want to get out”
What will happen next?
The Pershore Street site will close its doors to customers on the morning of Saturday, May 5.
Traders will still be able to access it during the Bank Holiday weekend to move stock and to clear their premises.
Mark's own company will have 250 pallets to transfer before it becomes the largest operator on the new site.
(Image: Graham Young)
“It would not be possible to continue to run the old market at the same time as the new one because it would just split the customers,” says Mark.
Once the traders have done, the site will be taken over by Friction Arts for six weeks which will run an arts festival to showcase 900 years of market history in Birmingham.
Nine weeks after closing, it is expected that demolition men will arrive ready to clear the site for redevelopment.
Why is the market moving?
(Image: Graham Young)
On July 16, 2011, traders were given four months' notice to quit the market – with no alternative provision in sight.
A Birmingham Mail-backed petition was signed by 200,000 people and the city council relented.
The old site was designated an enterprise zone in 2012.
But it has taken until now to find a new location and build the infrastructure.
(Image: Graham Young)
The Witton project has been dogged by delays.
Last September's target date has overrun by eight months.
But BirminghamLive had the first sneak preview of the nearly-finished linear site in February.
The 250m x 70m steel-framed building is a world away from the old market, which had several linked avenues and has looked even more tired following an arson attack in August, 2015.
(Image: Graham Young)
Mark says: “When the council wanted to shut everyone down, they were talking about a market that generates £275 million.
“I take people as I find them but I have to say that since then the deputy council leader turned council leader Ian Ward has been magnificent for us in getting this new site, while Waheed has come on board in the last 18 months to push it further along again.”
In April 2017, Birmingham City Council appointed Cushman & Wakefield to oversee plans to turn the 34-acre old site on Pershore Street into a new leisure, retail and residential destination.
The overall vision for Birmingham Smithfield is for a landmark, sustainable, mixed-use development.
It will include a market, independent retailers, restaurants, hotels, public square and residential accommodation.
A Sunday car boot market which had run on the Wholesale Market site for 40 years closed in January, 2018.
Where is the new market?
Birmingham Wholesale Market Company Ltd will be at Unit 7, The Hub, Nobel Way, Birmingham, B6 7EU.
Telephone 0203 946 0831, email info@birminghamwholesalemarket.company or visit the website here
CHESTER managed to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory as their shocking run of home form continued with a 3-2 loss to Woking.
The Blues thought they had won it when Elliott Durrell fired them 2-1 ahead with eight minutes left but Jon McCarthy's side then inexplicably shipped twice in the final minutes, as goals from Connor Hall and Gozie Ugwu's penalty sealed a vital away success for the Cards.
Earlier, Brian Saah's close range finish had given Woking the lead before Liam Davies headed home an equaliser on their home debut.
But Chester threw it away at the death and have now lost seven successive home games, and remain without a win at The Deva since mid-December.
McCarthy made two changes to the side who lost 2-0 at Forest Green Rovers on Good Friday, Tom Shaw and Ryan Lloyd both returning in midfield with Johnny Hunt and Lucas Dawson dropping to the bench.
The Blues were bidding to end their home hoodoo, and also halt a terrible record against Woking, who had won the three previous meetings between the two clubs at the Deva.
Woking were straight on the attack, Nathan Ralph forcing an early corner off Sam Hughes. From the resulting delivery, Joey Jones connected at the back post and forced Durrell into a terrific block on the line, the ball spinning up onto the head of Ugwu, whose header was also hacked off the line by Theo Vassell.
Davies, playing in a left wing back role, motored down the left from Lloyd's lay-off but overhit their touch and was dispossed, before Delano Sam-Yorke had their pocket pinched by Vassell.
Joyce's cross was cleared for a corner and Durrell's resulting ball eventually fell to Vassell, who shot straight at Michael Poke was 15 yards.
Sam-Yorke's presence was causing issues up front and they laid the ball off to strike partner Ugwu who was tackled well by Hughes.
Davies looked significantly uncomfortable in defensive positions and was easily beaten by Jake Caprice who surged into the area but their shot was pushed behind by Alex Lynch.
On 15 minutes the Blues were handed a major repreive as Lloyd's woefully underhit back pass was intercepted by Sam-Yorke, who rounded Lynch but couldn't convert into an open goal from an acute angle.
Durrell's shot fizzed wide via a deflection before Hughes headed over from the resulting corner as Chester finally got some territory further up the pitch.
Fabio Saraiva was next to rise highest for the Cards as their header flashed wide before Keiran Murtagh's low shot from 25 yards took a flick off Ugwu's boot and was palmed clear by an outstretched Lynch.
Caprice was having a field day down the right wing and once again skipped past Davies, crossing low for Ugwu who saw their effort blocked.
Hughes won the ball on the right flank before squaring for Lloyd, who took aim from 30 yards and their powerful shot skimmed over the bar.
Ryan Astles then produced a surging 70-yard run up field, laid the ball off to Lloyd and met the resulting cross with a powerful header but Poke saved comfortably.
There was finally a bit of spark and intensity about Chester's play as Durrell was the next to test Poke with a stinging shot from distance which the Cards' goalkeeper parried to safety.
Astles played the ball through to Alabi on 43 minutes and the Blues' top scorer managed to get their shot off but it was well blocked by Poke, before Shaw's follow-up header span wide of goal but the Deva crowd were encouraged by what they saw.
Vassell thought they deserved a free-kick when brought down by Murtagh but referee Steven Rushton told them to get to their feet, Woking countered but Ugwu's cross was gathered by Lynch.
Chester began the second-half brightly, Lloyd's knockdown from Vassell's punt forward nearly allowing Alabi to sneak in but Jones cleared the danger.
The Blues defensive line was begun to creep ever so deeper and Caprice's cross was well cleared by Alabi. Durrell then neatly turned past Saraiva on halfway but their touch let them down.
Joyce's touch let them down – not for the first time – and they felled Ralph on the left hand side on 53 minutes. The winger's stunning free-kick caused havoc in the box, Hughes failed to clear and Saah blasted the Cards in front from six yards out.
The game had sparked into life and Chester equalised just 70 seconds later. Joyce collected the ball 25 yards out on the right wing and delivered a marvellous cross to the back post which was met by Davies, who hung in the air and thudded their header past Poke into the far corner.
The points were now there for the taking and Davies' terrific inswinging corner found Alabi six yards out but they guided their flicked header just wide of goal much to the anguish of the Chester bench.
McCarthy made an attacking change as James Akintunde, continuing to make their comeback from a long lay-off, replaced Joyce, and Alabi nearly got on the end of Davies' through ball.
Durrell's inventive free-kick on 77 minutes found Alabi on the edge of the area, who forced a corner and again Davies' fine delivery was met by Hughes, who nodded wide of Poke's upright.
Blues' skipper George was at the heart of everything good about this performance and another typically full-blooded tackle helped pen Woking back in their half.
The Blues thought they'd won it on 82 minutes as Akintunde did superbly to dribble past Terell Thomas into the box. The ball broke to Durrell on the penalty spot and they fired past Poke via a big deflection.
However, joy turned to despair in the final five minutes. Firstly, a cross from the Woking right created a scramble in the area, and Cards' substitute Hall stabbed home from six yards out as the ball dribbled past a helpless Lynch.
With the clock ticking into stoppage time, George handled in the area to prevent Hall from heading home and referee Rushton had no hesistation to award a penalty. Ugwu stepped up and was the calmest man in the house as they stroked the spotkick past Lynch to send the travelling supporters wild.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nothing is more likely to start an argument in a supermarket car park than sailing into the last parent and child spot on a busy Saturday afternoon kid free.
We've all spotted people doing it - and perhaps one or two of us would even admit to doing it.
But it's not a move that's illegal, despite it being infuriating for families.
Traffic wardens are powerless to penalise motorists unless they're parked in a council-owned car park or on the street, making it easy for motorists to break the rules.
Instead these spaces have rules set and enforced by the supermarkets themselves.
So what do stores say about the problem?
Tesco
Tesco initiated a trial scheme at 81 of its stores last year, which will soon be rolled out to 200 nationwide, says the Birmingham Mail .
The store's staff will use the app to take pictures of vehicles parked in disabled bays without Blue Badges or taking up spaces designated for parents with children under 12.
The evidence collected will be sent to Horizon Parking.
There have been rumours that £25 fines could be introduced - but no official confirmation of this from Tesco.
Tesco says it is not a money-making scheme as the fines will only cover the costs plus fees.
A spokesperson said: "Many disabled customers rely on our disabled parking bays, so we've introduced our self-monitoring initiative to highlight the importance of using the bays properly, making it fairer and easier for everyone to find a space."
Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's say they patrol to make sure spaces are being used as instructed - adding that the majority of their customers use parking spaces as they are intended.
The spokesperson for the retailer said: "Our parking attendants patrol the disabled and parent/child spaces.
"Most of our customers use them as intended but if they don't, they will in the first instance be asked to move and if they refuse, they'll be issued with a £60 Parking Charge Notice (fine)."
Asda
Asda said that they patrol their car parks 24 hours a day to deter irresponsible parkers.
An Asda spokesperson said: "We monitor our car parks 24 hours a day and do as much as we can to prevent the misuse of disabled parking and parent and child bays.
"Any customer found to be parking in a disabled bay who doesn't have a valid blue badge or is misusing parent and child bays will receive a Parking Charge Notice.
"This is to ensure these spaces are kept available for the customers who need them the most. If customers have any questions regarding this, our colleagues in store will be more than happy to help."
Aldi
Budget retailer Aldi said that they don't have strict regulations.
A spokesperson for the German discounter said: "We offer parent and child, and disabled car parking spaces at all of our standard stores across the UK. These spaces are positioned in a convenient location to allow easy access to the store.
"Although we don't enforce strict regulations, these dedicated parking spaces are honoured and appreciated by the large majority of our customers."
Gurnee raises age of tobacco sales to 21
hello
The village of Gurnee became the 18th municipality in the state to raise the age to purchase cigarettes, e-cigarettes and other tobacco products to 21 Monday night.
The village board unanimously approved the plan, which was promoted by the Lake County Health Department and is designed to prevent young people from smoking in the interest of public health.
Mayor Kristina Kovarik said the board has been considering this for at least six months.
"This is the right thing for our community," Kovarik said after the vote.
Trustee Jeanne Balmes said it was a hard decision for them because they are against regulating everything and saying people shouldn't make their own decisions.
"It goes against my grain, but sometimes you have to help people make the right decisions," Balmes said before voting yes.
Marcia Smith, co-owner of Smokes & Such, spoke out against the ordinance during public comment. Smith said the plan took away rights from 18-year-olds who are entrusted to vote, get married or even join the military like their son. Smith, who said they don't smoke, said they don't want their son to smoke either, but said they don't think it is right at this point in their life to force them not to.
"We will survive as a business, but we think it is wrong to take away adult rights," Smith said.
Carolyn Cerf of the American Heart Association said the initial data from other Tobacco 21 communities said it has indicated the new rule works on younger people as well. Cerf said at Evanston Township High School since the rule went in place, teen smoking is down 37.5 percent.
Gurnee Police Chief Kevin Woodside said it was important to stress that the new rule didn't apply to tobacco possession, because it wouldn't be fair to 18- to 20-year-olds who bought tobacco elsewhere and traveled to Gurnee.
Woodside said last week that the new rule will go into effect immediately, but their department won't begin doing compliance checks at stores that sell tobacco for 30 days.
KELLY NJOMBO, Lusaka
THE Cotton Development Trust (CDT) has urged Government to increase budgetary allocation on agriculture related research and development towards the cotton sub-sectors to boost production.
CDT director Lwisya Silwimba said there is need to address challenges affecting the growth of the cotton sub-sector, which Zambia's economy can greatly depend on as a strategic crop.
Mr Silwimba said in response to a query on Thursday, that it is important to continue growing cotton by constantly seeking to improve its competitiveness by making it financially sustainable.
“In this regard, great hope is placed on research and need to create markets for value addition. Another important factor is to increase budget spending on agriculture-related research and development and .. http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
SOME 24,000 BOMB hoax emails were apparently sent to schools and colleges in the UK due to a Minecraft gamer feud.
Police said about 400 schools were affected and some buildings were evacuated as a result of the emails.
Sky News is reporting that the emails were made to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The outlet says the malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
One of the people who sent the emails accused VeltPvP of engaging in distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks and targeting other rival Minecraft servers.
In a statement to Sky News, VeltPvP said: “We've been being harassed by a group of cybercriminals that are trying to harass us in any way possible.
“We're extremely sorry for anyone who had to deal with this, but just know it's fake.”
France 13 Ireland 15
One swing of Johnny Sexton's right boot has changed everything. Ireland made desperately heavy weather of putting away a gutsy but limited French team in the Parisian rain, and this was altogether more fraught than they would have liked.
This was in part of Sexton's own making, when missing an insurance penalty that might have put Ireland two scores clear, before France conjured a try out of nothing.
And so it looked for all the world that despite dominating territory and possession (68 per cent both counts), and taking a stranglehold on the game, when Ireland failed to pull clear they became nervier and edgier. It was not a particularly creative or fluent performance, with plenty of grunt and application, and until the fraught final quarter plenty of efficiency and discipline.
But having seemingly given a sucker an even break, Ireland will take enormous satisfaction from digging so deep to salvage only a third win here since 1972, reclaiming a 22 metre restart through the magnificent Iain Henderson before going through 41 phases for Sexton to kick one of the mightiest long-range drop goals to win a game in this competition from 45 metres.
A nouveau France defended with spirit and obduracy, even if they looked limited. They were perhaps made to look so by the degree to which Ireland controlled and monopolised possession, with Bundee Aki, Robbie Henshaw, CJ Stander (25 carries), Cian Healy, Henderson and James Ryan typifying Ireland's work-rate. At the back, Rob Kearney was largely imperious, and Keith Earls looked dangerous, but lived off scraps.
Ireland did occasionally find some space - or at any rate softer yards out wide - but, whether dictated by the weather and the greasy pill, were content to mostly to recycle off one-out runners and wear Les Bleus down. In a stifling game, France made the only two line breaks.
Ultimately Ireland snatched the win from the jaws of defeat, as the home crowd roared their team to one last defensive set. They were left shell-shocked, as the entire Irish squad converged on Sexton and smothered them back in the Irish 22.
No-one in the 78,878 attendance could quite believe it.
On a cold day in Paris the forecast of showers gave way to fairly persistent rain and, although it had lightened come kick-off, the conditions were still dank and dark, with a glistening but sodden surface.
Despite France's dismal run, and almost zero confidence of a home win amongst the French media, the home supporters seemed buoyed by a remodelled if inexperienced French team.
Not that the PA pre-match fan fare allowed for any crowd atmosphere to be gauged, although there appeared to be a good Irish crowd in attendance judging by Ireland's Call, before the usual hearty rendition of La Marseillaise.
Ireland's Bundee Aki is tackled by Matthieu Jalibert of France. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
Ireland had to settle into the game quickly, and be uber efficient Conor Murray's box kick from the kick-off was well chased and Murray themselves tackled Yacouba Camara into touch. Best's first throw located James Ryan at the tail, and Sexton went out the back for Aki to beat Virimi Vakatawa quite easily for Stockdale to link with Earls. When Sébastien Vahaamahina was offside at the ruck, Sexton kicked the game's opening points.
Match Stats
Kearney then chased and won an up-and-under by Sexton, and Earls easily read a cheeky chip up the middle by Jalibert, the 19-year-old displaying the temperament as well as the creativity which has marked their stunning rise.
Les bleus, encouraged at each of the early put-ins by the home crowd, went after a Irish scrum, but Kevin Gourdon wasted a free kick by fumbling their attempted quick tap.
Ireland's next three pointer emanated from a great take in the air by Murray, Ireland then narrowing the French midfield before Sexton went out the back for Kearney to hit the line and link with Earls. After Henderson trucked it up, Camara was penalised for not rolling away, and Sexton made it 6-0.
Ireland would have settled for 6-0 entering the second quarter. Save for a few boos, the quietness of the French crowd reflected well on Ireland's start.
However, the need for accuracy was demonstrated at an under-resourced Irish ruck, which prompted Ryan to pop the ball up to Murray. They were nailed by Maxime Machenaud, Rabah Slimani kicked through and Rob Kearney tidied up, as they do, by gathering on the slide and bouncing to their feet.
After Slimani was then penalised for pulling Cian Healy to the ground at the next scrum, Ireland again employed Aki to truck it up, as he'd also been doing efficiently, usually winning every collision. They won this one too, ploughing through Jalibert. There was a clash of knees, prompting Nigel Owens to stop the game as both players were being treated, and they then insisted Jalibert went for an HIA.
Ireland went for the jugular then, attacking mostly through one-off runners as Stander made one good rumble over the gain line. But after 13 phases they lost their shape and ran out of numbers when Healy was isolated by Vakatawa's tackle and Jefferson Poirot helped to effect the turnover.
There was the unusual sight of Kevin Gourdon ripping the ball off Stander and when Rob Kearney attempted to run the ball back they were tackled well by Chavancy, and Gourdon was quickly over the ball to earn the penalty with which Maxime Machenaud opened France's account.
Owens was on hand to stop the game again when van der Flier went down injured, and left the fray to have their right thigh iced and be replaced by Dan Leavy. On Ireland went through the phases, trying a few inside balls into traffic, although Aki made good yardage, before Vahaamahina lined up Murray as they were about to pick up ruck ball.
The lock couldn't resist the temptation, inanely ploughing into the Irish scrumhalf, and Sexton made it 9-3 just before the break. This was greeted solemnly, with a ripple of boos. Sweet music to Irish ears, albeit it had been hard yakka for the modest lead.
A tad disconcertingly, it had followed the exact same scoring pattern until the same point two years ago, when France won 10-9.
That was quickly changed after Henderson won a fine turnover penalty and when they trucked it up after the maul was held up, Vahaamahina was done for offside and Sexton made it 12-3. The French lock, something of a serial offender, repeated the offence soon after.
France's Maxime Machenaud and Yacouba Camara tackle Conor Murray. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
Ireland went through the phases again, 15 of them this time, after Henshaw trucked it up, and were inching closer to then line when Poirot ripped the ball off Furlong and Machenaud kicked downfield, where Earls gathered and used their footwork to ease any danger. But when Dan Leavy was pinged for holding on, Machenaud made it a six-point game again.
Cue a rendition of La Marseillaise as scrums were re-set as the home crowd, much like the home team, were forced to live off scraps.
When Guilhem Guirado was pinged for not rolling away, Sexton's miss from 15 metres to the right of the posts failed to give Ireland the two-score breathing space again. Sexton's pass forward then resulted in France attacking wide off a scrum, and Vakatawa beating Earls on the inside. Soon after, Earls was penalised for tackling the big winger too high.
This had long since entered squeaky bum time. Eyeing the prize, Ireland were becoming edgier in their play.
France just needed one big play to go in front, and out of nothing, as they do, manufactured it in the 72nd minute. It came from a quick throw, as they also do, when Kearney found a long touch and the chase was poor. Teddy Thomas threw infield to Belleau, who returned it to Thomas as Murray attempted the tackle, and the winger skinned Kearney on the outside before veering inside Stockdale, with Sexton and Earls unable to stop the winger sliding over the line.
Suddenly everything was going France's way. When Earls failed to gather a high ball, it still seemed to go backwards but Owens, a long way off the play, adjudged the ball had gone forward. This gave France an attacking scrum inside the last five minutes, at which John Ryan was penalised for going down. But Belleau missed the 40 metre penalty to the left.
This was Ireland's break.
Henderson, at the apex of a storming game., brilliantly reclaimed Sexton's short 22 metre restarts, and entering the 78th minute, Ireland begun a remorseless last drive from just outside their 22. Initially, they struggled to make halfway, until Sexton risked a pinpoint cross kick to Earls who gather and danced and carried, while critically Kearney was there to effect the clear out.
France's Teddy Thomas celebrates scoring their try with teammates. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
On and on they continued, mostly one-off runners again, with Henderson, Aki and Stander again continually offering themselves for carries, and everyone took turns at clearing out. For 41 phases. Then Sexton, who at one point in the drive was stretching their left leg while on the ground, called for the pass from Murray. They were fully 45 metres out, and to the left of the posts, but they gave it everything. Just watching them rather than the ball, they were the first in the ground to raise their arms, to be followed by the pockets of Irish supporters and then, most importantly, Owens. Yet another post-80 minute dramatic endgame for Owens, who had been the referee when Ronan O'Gara landed theirs after 40-plus phases for Munster against Northampton.
The clock stopped on 82 minutes, 47 seconds. Talk about one kick changing a storyline.
Scoring sequence: 3 mins Sexton pen 0-3; 22 mins Sexton 0-6; 36 mins Machenaud pen 3-6; 39 mins Sexton pen 3-9; (half-time 3-9); 47 mins Sexton pen 3-12; 54 mins Machenaud pen 6-12; 74 mins Thomas try, Belleau con 13-12; 83 mins Sexton drop goal 13-15.
France: Geoffrey Palis (Castres); Teddy Thomas (Racing 92), Rémi Lamerat (Clermont Auvergne), Henry Chavancy (Racing 92), Virimi Vakatawa (Racing 92); Matthieu Jalibert (Bordeaux-Bègles), Maxime Machenaud (Racing 92); Jefferson Poirot (Bordeaux-Bègles), Guilhem Guirado (Toulon) (capt), Rabah Slimani (Clermont Auvergne), Sébastien Vahaamahina (Clermont Auvergne), Arthur Iturria (Clermont Auvergne), Wenceslas Lauret (Racing 92), Yacouba Camara (Montpellier), Kévin Gourdon (La Rochelle). Replacements: Anthony Belleau (Toulon) for Jalibert (30 mins), Dany Priso (La Rochelle) for Poirot, Cedate Gomes Sa (Racing 92) for Slimani (55 mins), Paul Gabrillagues (La Rochelle) for Iturria (61 mins), Marco Tauleigne (Bordeaux-Bègles) for Lauret, Antoine Dupont (Toulouse) for Machenaud (both 66 mins), Adrien Pelissié (Bordeaux-Bègles) for Guirado (74 mins), Machenaud for Dupont (76 mins). Not used: Benjamin Fall (Montpellier).
Ireland: Rob Kearney (UCD/Leinster); Keith Earls (Young Munster/Munster), Robbie Henshaw (Buccaneers/Leinster), Bundee Aki (Galwegians/Connacht), Jacob Stockdale (Ballynahinch/Ulster); Jonathan Sexton (St. Mary's College/Leinster), Conor Murray (Garryowen/Munster); Cian Healy (Clontarf/Leinster), Rory Best (Banbridge/Ulster) (capt), Tadhg Furlong (Clontarf/Leinster), Iain Henderson (Ballynahinch/Ulster), James Ryan (UCD/Leinster), Peter O'Mahony (Cork Constitution/Munster), Josh van der Flier (UCD/Leinster), CJ Stander (Shannon/Munster). Replacements: Dan Leavy (UCD/Leinster) for van der Flier (37 mins), Jack McGrath (St. Mary's College/Leinster) for Healy (61 mins), Sean Cronin (St. Mary's College/Leinster) for Best (68 mins), Devin Toner (Lansdowne/Leinster) for James Ryan (both 68 mins), John Ryan (Cork Constitution/Munster) for Furlong (70 mins), Fergus McFadden (Old Belvedere/Leinster) for Stockdale (75 mins). Not used: Luke McGrath (UCD/Leinster), Joey Carbery (Clontarf/Leinster).
Referee: Nigel Owens (Wales)
President Donald Trump boasted in their State of the Union address that their legislative proposal to make the DACA program permanent will “generously” cover 1.8 million people — “almost three times more people than the previous administration covered.” That's a faulty and misleading comparison.
The 1.8 million figure represents the number of people that the White House claims could be eligible for Trump's proposed program. That's about the same number as those who are potentially eligible under the current Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which then-President Barack Obama created by executive action in 2012.
In addition, we cannot verify how many people would actually be eligible under Trump's plan, because the White House has yet to release any details about the eligibility requirements in the proposal.
Before we lay out what we know about Trump's proposal and how it compares to Obama's program, let's take a step back to explain DACA and why Congress and Trump are now rushing to pass a law to replace it.
Obama created DACA on June 15, 2012, after Congress repeatedly failed to pass the “DREAM Act,” which would have provided a path to citizenship for certain immigrants brought to the country illegally as children. Obama wasn't able to unilaterally provide these individuals with legal status, but their executive action defers deportation proceedings for two years and provides work authorization in the United States during that time. The program also allows those approved to renew every two years. (See “The Facts on DACA” for more information.)
The Trump administration on Sept. 5, 2017, announced a “wind-down” of the program, which Attorney General Jeff Sessions deemed “an unconstitutional exercise of authority by the Executive Branch.” Trump gave lawmakers until March 5 to come up with a legislative fix.
The Democrats sought to force Republicans to address DACA in a spending bill that Congress had to pass by Jan. 20 to keep the government open. But talks failed to produce a bipartisan agreement on DACA, resulting in a partial government shutdown. The government reopened three days later when the Democrats agreed to fund the federal government until Feb. 8, while Congress seeks to negotiate a DACA deal. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell promised Democrats that the Senate would start debate on a DACA bill before Feb. 8.
As part of the negotiations, the White House offered a one-page “Framework on Immigration Reform & Border Security” that covered four immigration areas, including a permanent DACA program and a $25 billion trust fund for border security, which would partly pay for the president's proposed wall on the southern border with Mexico.
The president and their press secretary, Sarah Sanders, have both boasted that Trump's DACA plan would cover three times more people than the one created by executive order in 2012 by President Barack Obama.
Trump made their claim during their State of the Union address.
Trump, Jan. 30: [O]ur framework generously offers a path to citizenship for 1.8 million illegal immigrants who were brought here by their parents at a young age. That covers almost three times more people than the previous administration covered.
A day later on CNN, Sanders said that Trump's DACA plan “went further than Barack Obama ever did as president. They have tripled the number of people that they have included in this program.” They added, “That is broadening the spectrum and taking it a much step further.”
The White House has released no evidence to show that Trump is “broadening the spectrum,” and if they are, it wouldn't be by much, judging by the figure they cited.
An estimated 1.3 million people currently meet the eligibility requirements for the existing DACA program, according to the Migration Policy Institute. The institute also estimates that the current program could cover up to 1.9 million people in the next several years — about the same number as the White House claims would be eligible under Trump's plan. MPI arrives at the 1.9 million figure by including 228,000 people who will meet the age eligibility requirement (at least 15 years old) and 398,000 people who could gain the schooling needed to meet the education requirements.
It's also worth noting that Obama attempted in 2014 to expand the number of people eligible for DACA and cover their parents by issuing a second order that would have, among other things, eliminated the age cutoff for DACA (under the age of 31 as of June 15, 2012) and changed the residency requirement (to living in the U.S. since June 15, 2010, instead of June 15, 2007). That order, which was blocked from being implemented by the Supreme Court, would have increased the number of potential DACA recipients by 290,000 people, MPI estimates.
So, what is Trump talking about when they say their plan “covers almost three times more people than the previous administration covered”?  They are comparing the 1.8 million they say would be eligible for their program to the 689,800 people that the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services says were enrolled in the DACA program as of Sept. 4, 2017.
That's an apples-to-oranges comparison. A more apt comparison is the number eligible for each program, and that is about the same by the White House's own estimates.
Asked how the administration arrived at the 1.8 million figure, a senior administration official at a Jan. 24 background briefing told reporters: “It's a combination of individuals who for all kinds of reasons didn't apply for DACA and then, as well as, minor adjustments to the time frames and dates of entry issues that would get you to 1.8 million.”
Trump's boast is also misleading because the total number of people who have ever been approved for DACA is 798,980 since it was launched in 2012, according to USCIS. If measured by that number, which is still an apples-to-oranges comparison, Trump's plan is closer to covering twice as many people — not three times.
Finally, it is misleading to compare the number of people currently enrolled in DACA with those potentially eligible for Trump's program, because an executive action is temporary, while a law is a permanent fix. Those eligible for DACA put themselves and family members at risk by signing up for a program that could be rescinded, as Trump has now done.
“Since undocumented youth must reveal their immigration status, names, and addresses to federal agencies, there are likely to be concerns about disclosing personal information,” Tom Wong, a professor of political science at the University of California, San Diego wrote in September 2013. “These concerns are not necessarily confined to the applicant. Children may fear that applying for DACA will somehow lead to negative repercussions for their parents.”
It's also important to note that we don't really know how many people will be eligible under Trump's plan.
We asked the White House to provide the eligibility requirements under the president's plan and how it differed from the current program. A White House spokesperson declined to provide any details, referring us instead to the vaguely worded one-page “framework.”
The “framework,” for example, calls for “adjusting the time-frame to encompass a total population of approximately 1.8 million individuals” without explaining what adjustments would be made. Michelle Mittelstadt, director of communications and public affairs at the Migration Policy Institute, called that a “wild card,” making it impossible to estimate the reach of Trump's plan.
“Without more knowledge of what that entails we can't speak to the implications regarding the estimates of the overall DACA-eligible population,” Mittelstadt told us in an email.
At the Jan. 24 background briefing, the senior administration official said the eligibility requirements would be worked out with Congress. Two leaders in the Senate on this issue are Sens. Dick Durbin, a Democrat, and Lindsey Graham, a Republican. Graham's office did not get back to us, but Durbin's office told us that it has yet to see any details of Trump's plan.
“We have asked the administration the exact same question but they wouldn't answer,” Durbin spokesperson Ben Marter told us. “We have no idea who it will cover because they have released no details.”
Marter noted that the White House “framework” says that applicants need to exhibit “good moral character” in order to be eligible. They said the senator is concerned that the Trump administration would use that requirement to reduce the number of people covered by what law Trump signs.
“This is a technical term in immigration law that gives the Trump Administration vast discretion to deny applications for even non-criminal conduct like extramarital affairs, essentially anything they want,” Marter said in an email.
The deadline for congressional action is fast approaching and, at this point, there has been no progress. Both sides are blaming each other. The outcome is still uncertain, but what we know is that Trump makes a faulty, and misleading, comparison when they say their proposed solution “covers almost three times more people than the previous administration covered.”
5. Raid
Raid is Ajay Devgn's new film and the movie has opened to some good reviews. The film had made a decent opening in Kerala as well, especially in the multiplexes and city centres.
Box Office Meter: Decent Opening
4. Aadhi
Aadhi has successfully completed the 50 days of run in Kerala theatres. As mentioned earlier,the Pranav Mohanlal starrer has completed 17000 shows across Kerala theatres and has become the first big blockbuster of the year 2018. The movie is still continuing its decent run despite the release of new movies.
Box Office Meter: Blockbuster
3. Captain
Jayasurya starrer Captain has already emerged as one of the successes of this year so far. With the arrival of the new movies, the film has lost a few centres but still the movie is doing a decent business. A perfect start for Jayasurya in the year 2018.
Box Office Meter: Blockbuster
2. Ira
Ira had hit the theatres this Friday (March 16, 2018) and the movie did make a big release. The public opinion for the film is on the positive side and the movie has bagged the title of being a perfect entertaining thriller. With the backing of good reviews and fine collections, the film is surely racing ahead.
Box Office Meter: Good Opening
1. Poomaram
Poomaram has been receiving extremely positive reviews upon its release with the lovers of realistic movies hailing the film as one of the best in the recent times. The movie did get a 4-day long weekend and has made the good use of that by garnering a good opening at the box office.
Box Office Meter: Good Opening
China is prepared to “fight bloody battles” to ensure its rightful place in the world, president Xi Jinping said in a strongly nationalist speech to close the country's annual parliament, the National People's Congress.
“We are resolved to fight the bloody battle against our enemies ...
with a strong determination to take our place in the world,” Mr Xi told nearly 3,000 delegates gathered in the red flag-bedecked Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
To rapturous applause, Mr Xi told the Communist Party faithful in the cavernous chamber that “rejuvenation of the Chinese nation has become the biggest dream of the Chinese people.”
The largely ceremonial parliament, which sat for nearly two weeks, gave its blessing to new measures giving Mr Xi the kind of power not seen since the days of the People's Republic of China's founder, Mao Zedong.
During the 40-minute address they hailed China's achievements through history, including the construction of the Great Wall and the invention of paper.
Among the measures adopted by the NPC was the removal of a two-term limit on the presidency, which means Mr Xi can now be president for life.
They also warned those attempting to declare independence for self-ruled Taiwan that they would face “the punishment of history”.
China considers Taiwan an inviolable part of its territory and suspects its president Tsai Ing-wen wants to declare independence, although they have stated they back maintaining the status quo.
“Any actions and tricks to split China are doomed to failure and will be condemned by the people and punished by history,” Mr Xi said.
China was angered by legislation introduced by Donald Trump which encourages exchange visits by high-ranking US and Taiwanese officials, thereby raising the island's diplomatic status.
While the US does not have formal diplomatic ties with Taiwan, it is required by law to help defend the island if it is ever invaded.
“It is a shared aspiration of all Chinese people and in their basic interests to safeguard China's sovereignty and territorial integrity and realize China's complete reunification,” Mr Xi said.
On democracy activists in Hong Kong, they said China would uphold the former colony's high degree of autonomy but also “national consciousness and patriotic spirit”.
Ever since Sky first started broadcasting in the 1980s, it has been synonymous with two things: billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch and the concept of satellite television. Now the question is, which of these will it leave behind first?
The company is 39 per cent owned by Murdoch's 21st Century Fox, which is bidding to buy 100 per cent of it, though it has encountered a regulatory stumbling block, as the UK's Competition and Markets Authority doesn't think a man who owns so many newspapers should also be in control of Sky News. But even if Murdoch succeeds, their full ownership of Sky might not last for long: Fox's stake in Sky, whatever its size, is among the assets that it has agreed to sell to global media conglomerate Disney.
More impact
Another change coming down the tracks may have more impact on Sky subscribers. The pay-TV company has signalled that it will soon allow its customers to “ditch the dish”. It has been edging in this direction for a while: Sky's forays into the “pay-lite” TV market through the Now TV service effectively allowed dish-less viewers to access its content for the first time.
In what it describes as a “major development”, Sky has now confirmed that it will move further from its satellite broadcasting origins by making all of its channels and content available over the broadband-connected Sky Q box – with no need for a dish.
This will start in its Italian market, followed by Austria, so it may take some time before it reaches Ireland, while the company has also said it has no plans to stop broadcasting by satellite. But the trajectory of technology in the television business couldn't be clearer: satellites are yesterday's news. Sky, whoever ends up owning it, is moving on.
Donegal captain Michael Murphy – and the rest of the players – are determined to focus on the job of playing rather than getting involved in any boardroom games or rules queries relating to how Dublin are able to play two games at Croke Park in the upcoming Super 8s phase of the All-Ireland championship.
Although the Donegal County Board has requested a meeting with the GAA on the matter, Murphy claimed the players only have playing Dublin on their minds: “We are playing in Croke Park at seven o'clock on Saturday (week) and that's what we will be looking forward to. We have prepared very well since the Ulster Final. I know the county board and management released something but as a group of players we have to stay away, we can't get too bogged up or too bogged down in it.
“Croke Park is set out in stone; we've (always) known the first (phase) games are going to be Croke Park games.”
In fact, Murphy said there had been no discussion on the matter by the players when the panel trained on Tuesday night.
Donegal County Board has sought a meeting with GAA officials to clarify the issue of how a team can use the same ground as a home ground and a “neutral” venue. “The intention of the meeting is to ensure a level playing field for every team who will qualify for the All-Ireland Quarter-Final Group Stage and ensure no team has any advantage over any other team,” said the statement.
However, the relevant rule – 6.28 (a) 1110 – which was passed at GAA Congress in spring 2017 doesn't actually include any reference to neutral venues.
“They're not trying to query the first game, it is for what comes after. The first game as far as I am aware is a Croke Park fixture so that's where we are going to be as players and then we have a home game after, it is the third game they're trying to query,” said Murphy.
They added: “Like anything that's new, there is always improvements can be made to it. The hurling ran off, it was fantastic, close games, brilliant venues, huge crowds, so the Super 8s can run off well too ..... the first group of games are Croke Park games, that's set in stone at congress where everyone has been at, it is just the games thereafter (that need clarification).
That Donegal-Dublin match – between provincial champions – is a Phase One match set for Croke Park on July 14th with a 7pm throw-in.
“(Dublin are) a phenomenal side, they are up there probably with the best side that has played the game. It is going to be a huge task for us, we have a new team, a young team, and a lot of the younger boys and some of us older boys are buzzing after the Ulster final and it is one game yes against Dublin, we are going to be going into it with all our might, but you have to look at it and separate it as a three part series with three big games coming up. I'm looking forward to getting stuck into it.”
Scott W. Grant, DMD provides porcelain bridges that blend well with natural teeth and maintain healthy gums.
[IDAHO, 2018] – Scott W. Grant, DMD underscores the impact of losing a single tooth to a person's oral health. The family and cosmetic dental office wants to help patients improve their dental health and, at the same time, reclaim their attractive smile through porcelain bridges.
Replacement of Missing Tooth
A bridge is a device used to replace one or more missing teeth, anchored to the neighboring teeth. The teeth on both sides of the missing teeth fit with dental crowns to anchor the prosthetic. Bridgework in some patients also functions as cosmetic and restorative purpose.
Scott W. Grant, DMD prepares bridges and crowns by using the likes of precious or semi-precious metals, porcelain, or a combination of the two.
The dental office considers aesthetics, function, and tissue compatibility in the selection of material that is suitable for the patient.
Missing tooth can cause changes in the look and shape of a person's face. Porcelain bridges function to help correct this problem. Bridgework also helps maintain healthy gums. Clients can also rest assured that Scott W. Grant, DMD's porcelain bridges blend flawlessly with the patient's actual teeth.
Recommended Regular Check-Ups
Scott W. Grant, DMD suggests that patients go to the clinic at least twice a year for checkups and cleaning. The clinic points out, though, that more frequent visits would be better to keep track of oral health.
Gum disease remains as the top cause of tooth loss. People lose teeth from gum disease, which attacks the gums and the bone. The disease can develop in anyone at any age. This is why the dental office suggests regular visits to the clinic.
Dental exams and cleaning visits help prevent the development of gum disease or any dental problem. Other than cleaning, the visits include monitoring of a client's dental health to identify and prevent any oral problem.
About Scott W. Grant, DMD
Scott W. Grant, DMD's dental office provides services well-known in the area of Treasure Valley. Located in Meridian, the dental clinic offers first-class care to its clients, with a fun and friendly ambiance and a caring staff. The clinic's services include IV sedation dentistry, emergency tooth care, same-day crown, routine dentistry, teeth whitening, veneers, and cosmetic dentistry work. For more information, go to https://www.scottwgrantdmd.com/ today.
FLORIDA CITY, FLA. (WSVN) - - One person has been killed after a shooting involving a police officer in Florida City.
According to Miami-Dade Police, a Florida City police officer was involved in a shooting near Northwest Second Avenue and 14th Street, at around 2:15 p.m., Wednesday.
One person was shot and killed by detectives. No officers were injured.
BREAKING: One man shot and killed by detectives in Florida City. Circumstances still under investigation. No officers hurt @wsvn pic.twitter.com/SrPb9MUmn6 — Andrew Dymburt (@DymburtNews) May 30, 2018
It is unknown what led to the shooting.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Want a Corpse Bride wedding gown, unicorn headdress or a disco shed?
Planning your wedding but want to do something completely different?
Then the Eclectic Wedding Extravaganza is the place to go for inspiration - and the organisers say the crazier your ideas the better!
The alternative wedding fair is returning to the city, offering brides and grooms the chance to be as beautiful or bizarre as they choose.
It was set up by bridal gown maker Jo Bromley, photographer Sassy Lafford and embroiderer Vikki Lafford Garside to showcase the quirkiest wedding paraphernalia available.
The wedding fair will take place at The Bond in Fazeley Street, Digbeth on April 1 and 2 and promises to provide everything from vintage fairgrounds and photo booths to corsetry and custom-made shoes from lots of different exhibitors.
There will be demos, a fashion show, stuff for the big and little kids to do, games and colouring competitions, discounts and even a treasure hunt to win wedding goodies.
And to top it off there will be a party at the end.
(Photo: Assassynation)
Why brides are breaking from the norm
According to Jo Bromley, the days of an obligatory church wedding with a bride in a white dress followed by a sit-down meal are becoming a thing of the past.
“A lot of people want to inject their own personalities into their weddings but there is peer pressure which says you have to have three bridesmaids, or flowers on the tables,” says Jo, 48, whose wedding dress business The Couture Company is based in Minerva Works, Digbeth.
“The advent of wedding bloggers has enabled brides to see what other couples are doing and has given them the chance to say we could do that.
“They're realising they don't have to have a church service, a sit down meal and DJ Dave and their dodgy disco.”
(Photo: Babb Photo)
Having been a wedding dress designer for the past 25 years, Jo's trademark gown is a vintage style dress with retro-style tattoos embroidered onto it.
“If a bride wants rainbows or unicorns on their dress, I can do that,” says Jo, who did a degree in fashion.
“I've made a unicorn headdress for a bride who was getting married in Las Vegas and Gothic wedding dresses too.
“My iconic dress is one that has retro style tattoos embroidered onto it. I did a lot of research into it to make sure no-one has done anything like this before. It's become my trademark.
“It's a 1950s style dress with lots of underskirts and different tattoos, such as swallows, shooting stars and people's names sewn into the tattoo design.
“It makes it unique to the couple."
(Photo: Assassynation)
“One girl got engaged on a campsite in Wales so they had a little picture of some trees, a campsite sign and a caravan on their dress. It was good because it meant something special to them They would never be able to sell on their dress, no-one else would buy it, but that's what made it special to them
“Another lady loved penguins so I included two kissing penguins in their wedding dress design.
“I can do whatever people want and I encourage them to inject a little of their personality into their dress.
“Some girls come in and they love the idea of a tattooed wedding dress but then the mother or mother-in-law is not entirely happy. There can family politics and niggles.
“But I say it's down to the couple and what they want.
“Some end up bowing to what their families say but others say ‘sod it I'm doing what I want.”
(Photo: Eliza Claire Photography)
Be creative to cut down the cost
Half of brides expect to blow their budget to get the day of their dreams, with 20 per cent borrowing money to make it come true.
A study by You & Your Wedding has revealed that, despite the tough economic climate, Midland brides are spending an average of £20,983 on their weddings.
Jo believes that being creative on your wedding day can really help to bring down the cost.
“Weddings can be so expensive, they can cost £20,000 or more,” says Jo, whose dresses cost between £1,000 and £2,000.
“Some couples really want to get married but spending that much is not in their remit.
“With alternative weddings, couples can do what they want without having to spend tonnes of money.
“Many people choose DIY options for their wedding, such as making their own table plans, invitations and place settings, getting a friend to bake the cake and decorating the tables without using lots of expensive fresh flowers.
“This really does bring down the cost.”
(Photo: Lisa Devlin)
Cakes, invites and parties
“Some people choose to be married by celebrants rather than vicars, and they create the day to suit themselves,” explains Jo, who is mum to Millie, five.
“Others have unusual cakes. We work with a world renowned cake-maker called The Conjurers Kitchen, based in Birmingham, who creates really sculptured amazing cakes, even skulls and severed hands.
(Photo: Assassynation)
“Some people choose really cool bespoke stationary, others choose unusual entertainment at their reception, like DiscoShed who bring the fascia of a shed to indoor or outdoor receptions. I'd seen them before at a festival and thought they were great for marquee weddings.
“At the show, there will be fashion ‘walkabouts' showing off some of the gorgeous outfits, fun demonstrations and some activities for your little lambs to get involved in to make it a family friendly interactive experience."
(Photo: Jay Mountford Photography)
The All About Ewe Eclectic Wedding Extravaganza takes place at The Bond in Fazeley Street, Digbeth on April 1 and 2. To find out more visit the EWE website
* There's also another wedding fair on at Fazeley Studios on March 5. To find out more, visit the Facebook page
And to keep updated with the latest what's on events in the city follow our What's on Facebook page here
Oklahoma State's Zach Bauchou tees off on the fourth hole during the final round of the NCAA Division I men's golf championships in Stillwater, Okla., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Mitch Alcala AP Photo
Do you collect anything? My dear Aunt Isabel used to collect little spoons that they proudly displayed in a wall cabinet. Grandma collected teacups. I began a collection of beautiful hand bells. Well, some people collect items that are much more macabre — items that have a connection to notorious serial killers.
How macabre? Would you believe these collectors buy serial killers' autographed photos, artwork and handwritten letters sent to people outside prison walls? Even an envelope bearing a handwritten return address commands a pretty penny. The murderer's fingernail clippings, dirty socks or any other object that can be authenticated as genuine merit a place of honor on some people's mantle. But those are not the most shocking serial killer items up for sale on the Internet.
Andy Kahan, the Houston Police Department's victims' rights advocate, has dedicated much of the last 15 years to following — and fighting — this bizarre form of commerce. Kahan told me they got interested in making sure serial killers could never profit from their crimes after reading an article about Arthur Shawcross, who sold paintings and poems out of their cell in upstate New York. This serial killer had sexually abused, mutilated and killed at least 14 people (including two children) in the 1970s and ‘80s. Some Shawcross paintings sold for nearly $600.
“I thought to myself, ‘This is just not right,'” Kahan said. Their research led them to eBay, where items from several notorious killers were being sold. Kahan vowed to spread the word about the morbid practice and actually bought up some of the most bizarre offerings to use during lectures on why there should be a law against the practice. They called these odd collectibles “Murderabilia,” and the name has stuck.
Kahan bought hair from Charles Manson that had been fashioned into a swastika, dirt from a crawlspace tomb at John Wayne Gacy's house and an action figure of cannibal killer Jeffrey Dahmer that is marketed with this little ditty: “Open me up for a sure delight and see what I ate for dinner last night.” Unzip the doll, and mock body parts fall out. Among the most disgusting thing for sale, according to Kahan, was a bag of rocks and dirt taken from the Texas road where in 1998 a black man named James Byrd was dragged to their death by three white supremacists.
“From a victim's perspective, selling murderabilia is about the most nauseating and disgusting thing that could happen,” Kahan told me. “It is like being gutted all over again by the justice system.”
Kahan has made it their life's calling to rid the Internet of this ugly profit-making booty. eBay finally gave in to their persistent calls and lobbying and has now banned the sale of murderabilia from its site. Kahan works hard to get states with the most serial killers in prison to pass “Notoriety for Profit” laws to make sure none of the money goes to the criminals. So far, California, Alabama, Florida, Michigan, Montana, New Jersey, Texas and Utah have done so.
Many people think the so-called Son of Sam laws prohibiting murderers from profiting by selling their life stories are still in effect, but they were declared an unconstitutional violation of free speech by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1991. The Notoriety for Profit laws are designed to follow the money, and therein lies the difference.
In the meantime, there are still grisly offerings out there: calendars, trading cards, T-shirts and even snow globes glorifying the grisly crimes of these killers. A handwritten recipe card from Dorothea Puente for their tuna casserole is one of the coveted finds. Puente ran a rooming house in Sacramento in the 1980s and killed at least nine of the elderly boarders who dared to complain that they were cashing and keeping their Social Security checks. Then there are the gravestone chips from Wisconsin serial killer Ed Gein's final resting place. Their repulsive story was the inspiration for the movies Psycho and Silence of the Lambs.
After the purveyors of murderabilia found the eBay door closed, sellers simply started their own websites and their ghastly business flourishes. As Kahan says, “I have no problem with those who are collecting the stuff. My problem is someone profiting from it. It is blood money, plain and simple.”
While some of the convicts have entered into shady “trades” with sellers — mailing out their personal items in return for small gifts or money deposited into their prison accounts — many of the killers had no clue that what they were sending from prison was then being sold at auction sites.
“(David) Berkowitz had no idea their things were being sold and is violently opposed to it,” Dr. Scott Bonn told me. “After having been born-again in 1987 ... they think it is a sacrilege.” As an author and professor of criminology, Bonn befriended the so-called Son of Sam killer as part of their research for an upcoming book called, Why We Love Serial Killers.
So why are we so fascinated by them? And what prompts people to collect these awful souvenirs? Bonn believes the media elevate these larger-than-life ghouls to morbid rock-star status. They become celebrity monsters.
“It's an adrenalin rush, and we love to have the crap scared out of us,” Bonn said. “That, and we're riveted to the dark side of humanity. ... They define the outside parameters of what one human being can do to another.”
Indeed, but I still don't want a bag of dirt from a crime scene on the shelf with my bells.
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi: Be Careful Who You Trust. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @DiDimond, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
Five things to know about the new £5 banknote
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's not just a myth – some of the new plastic £5 notes really are worth hundreds.
But which ones?
Well, its the first batch that are really highly prized, so you want to be looking out for serial codes beginning “AA01”.
Some of these freshly-minted polymer notes are going for more than £200 – so don't go squandering them on sweets!
One eBay seller has a “Brand New. Uncirculated. AA01 Serial Number” not on sale for £227.
Of course, the closer the banknote is to the very first banknote produced in the first batch, the more valuable it becomes to collectors.
If a banknote with the ‘AA01' prefix is followed by a serial code in the low digits, it becomes even more attractive.
The very first polymer £5 banknote to be produced has been retained by the Bank of England for auction, where it is expected to be sold for between £800 and £1,200.
Is the plastic £5 indestructible?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Its serial code is ‘AA01 000007' – any notes that were produced just after very first are particularly sought-after.
Unfortunately, once the banknote serial number leaves the vaunted ‘AA01' domain its value among collectors slumps dramatically, although there are examples of banknotes with the ‘AA' prefix being sold for around £20 online.
Even if your freshly minted £5 notes don't come close to the prized ‘AA01' territory, it is worth nothing that some collectors also prize sets of banknotes with sequential serial numbers.
The Bank of England will be auctioning off a complete set of 60 £5 banknotes, with serial code prefixes ranging all the way from ‘AM01' – ‘AM60'; where they are expected to sell for between £3,000 - £4,000, more than ten times their nominal value.
Ryan Sipes is making good on a new tag—Mr. Versatility. They debuted in American Flat Track last weekend by logging the fastest qualifying time in the Singles Class at the Springfield TT. A crash in the main left them tenth at the finish. A few days later, they were named as a member of Team USA for this year's International Six-Days Enduro. Sipes won that event overall in 2015.
Last year, Ryan showed up at the Thunder Valley National on a 125 two-stroke and won the 125 Dream Race. So we asked them about their experience in flat track, and also threw in a question about racing at elevation. Sounds like it impacts the bikes much more than the riders. Go, Ryan, go!
1. How did the Springfield Flat Track TT go?
Sipes: Man, I had a blast! Results-wise, it could have been better if I hadn't crashed in the main, but considering it was just my seventh time riding flat track, I'm not too mad about it. I qualified fastest out of practice, which was a huge surprise to me. I got first gate pick in the heat race, but then jumped the light! (D'oh!) So I started last on the restart, but made some passes and got into the semi. I got fifth there, which put me on the second row for the main. My bike is super fast, so I got a great jump and was actually third going into the second corner, but then somebody got landed on behind me and they red-flagged it. On the restart I came out sixth, made the pass for fifth, and felt like I could maybe get on the podium until I slid out in turn one. I got up last and passed a bunch of dudes to get up to tenth. Like I said, it would have been better if I hadn't crashed, but I had a freakin' blast. Flat track is super fun. Huge shoutout to my buddy JD Beach for helping me out on race day and all the riding tips. They were a huge help!
Early last month, Debra Messing and Eva Longoria chastised E! on the Golden Globes red carpet for paying Catt Sadler, the former co-host of E! News, half of what their male colleague, Jason Kennedy, made. (Ms. Sadler left the network in December.) The next day, Carrie Grace, the former China editor of the BBC, resigned that position after salary figures released by the broadcaster showed a gap between male and female talent.
And, of course, there is the perhaps the most famous recent incident — the revelation that Michelle Williams was paid $80 a day for reshoots on “All the Money in the World” while their male co-star, Mark Wahlberg, was paid $1.5 million in total (he later donated it to charity, following an outcry) — that got many women in offices around the country swapping tales of when in their own careers they found out they were being paid less than their male counterparts and what they did (or did not do) about it.
Photo
“I never really complained about the pay discrepancy,” Ms. Bickford, 76, said, pausing between bites of moussaka. “I was brought up in a culture where it was considered gauche.”
“I missed that class,” said Ms. Johnson. (Age? “You can say ‘55 plus.'”) Ms. Johnson, who was sitting diagonally across from Ms. Bickford, took a bite of their lamb chop. “I've been doing this job for over 20 years,” Ms. Johnson said. “I started as a clerk and worked my way up. I've had five promotions. But my white male counterparts earn $25,000 to $30,000 more a year than I do.”
Ms. Johnson is one of 1,000 women on whose behalf a local union filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in 2013, claiming that the city paid women and minorities substantially less than their white male colleagues. In 2015, the E.E.O.C. ruled in favor of the women and recommended that the city negotiate a payout. The suggested starting point was $246 million. Though the city and the union came to a broad agreement last April, the details are still being worked out.
To help the union build its case, Ms. Johnson spent years gathering information. And they were not shy about demanding their rights. Once, they said, they called a supervisor and asked why they were making less than a male counterpart. The answer, they said: “He has a family to support.”
We Want to Hear From You We'd like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop novel responses to sexual harassment after #MeToo. Required fields are marked with an asterisk. Please name the settings where you have seen changes. * What changes have you noticed? Please be as specific as possible. * You have 250 words left. Continue We're very interested in the role that non-disclosure agreements, settlements and human resources executives play. What changes, if any, have you seen in those areas? You have 250 words left. Have you seen rising concern about harassment affect other gender issues, like hiring or promotion, pay equity or others? If so, tell us about it. You have 250 words left. Is there a harassment case in your community or workplace that has been difficult to resolve? Or is there a case that was taken more seriously because of increased emphasis on this issue? Tell us about it. You have 250 words left. What is your name? * First and last preferred, but we won't use it without checking with you first. Where do you live? * City and state or city and country preferred, please. What industry do you work in? * What is your email address? * We will not publish your email address. It will be used only by our journalists to contact you. By submitting to us, you are promising that the content is original, does not plagiarize from anyone or infringe a copyright or trademark, does not violate anyone's rights and is not libelous or otherwise unlawful or misleading. You are agreeing that we can use your submission in all manner and media of The New York Times and that we shall have the right to authorize third parties to do so. And you agree to our Terms of Service. Thank you for your submission.
Ms. Johnson is a single mother of three. Them experience is one example of what's called the motherhood penalty, a term for the economic and career setbacks women experience when they have children. (Men's earnings went up by more than 6 percent when they had children, if they lived with them, and women's decreased 4 percent for each child they had, a study found. And research has shown that employers rate fathers as the most desirable employees.)
Photo
Ms. Keller, 35, is raising a 9-year-old son alone. “I've made about 40 percent less than a colleague that's maybe only a tiny level above me, someone I didn't report to,” Ms. Keller said. “I've been in a situation where a male colleague was making 100 percent more. I almost died inside.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Next to Ms. Keller was Ms. Robbins. “The last campaign I was working on, I told my campaign manager, ‘We're going to lose if we do this your way,'” said Ms. Robbins, who declined to provide them age. “Sixty-five percent of my salary was cut. My leadership as a black woman meant nothing to them.”
Ms. Robbins described another job in sales where they asked for a raise, from $14 an hour, after bringing in a major client. According to Ms. Robbins, the company's owner refused. After quitting, Ms. Robbins said, a man was hired to replace them Their salary? More than twice as much. “That was the most humiliating experience that I have ever had,” they said.
Photo
Sitting across from Ms. Robbins was Ms. Webster, 36, who says they left the law firm they were working for in 2016 after they wrote a letter to the partners suggesting that they were acting out unconscious bias. “At least for one case, and it may have been for multiple cases, my time was being billed out at a lower rate than two of the three white, male paralegals,” Ms. Webster said. “The very next business day, I got put on a performance improvement plan,” they added. “They were putting the paperwork in motion to either justify firing me or getting me to leave.”
Retaliatory practices toward employees who complain about discrimination are far from abnormal. The E.E.O.C. reported that 48.8 percent of the complaints filed by workers in 2017 contained an allegation of retaliation.
Toward the end of the evening, entrees were forgotten and talk turned to the current moment and the future. “I believe we're at a tipping point,” Ms. Bickford said. “The computer has really helped us disseminate information, and I think men are on notice now.” Ms. Bickford and their colleagues in the business world have formed the Paradigm for Parity, which provides a five-step plan for gender equality that they have persuaded dozens of corporate leaders to implement.
Ms. Robbins was recently one of the speakers at the Women's March in Philadelphia and is working to help elect more female leaders. And Ms. Johnson plans to stick around in city administration and in the union as long as they can. “We have to look out for the ones who follow behind us,” Ms. Johnson said. “There are more battles to be fought. Everyone deserves a chance.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When a gambling addict failed to get a job at a Birmingham bookies, they held it up at gunpoint instead, making off with £17,000.
But bungling Umar Mirza was rapidly collared – because they had left their CV, containing all their personal details, with the boss.
Mirza, 26, of Arden Road, Aston, walked in to Paddy Power in Hurst Street at 8.25am on March 27 this year, wearing a hood and mask.
They walked straight up to the counter and produced a black gun which the petrified assistant manager believed was real.
Police later recovered a betting slip, on which they had written ‘I have got a gun.
Open the door or I will shoot you.'Mirza then demanded the keys to the premises which they locked, “trapping the two of them in,” Birmingham Crown Court heard.
They demanded that the woman open the safe, then made them fill a carrier bag with £16,700 in notes, £360 in coins and also £200 taken from the till.
But as they left, the Aston raider removed their mask and their partly covered face was captured on CCTV.
The store manger later identified them as a customer who had called in the shop on a number of occasions early in the morning.
What's more, they had been looking for work and had handed in their CV.
And, yes, the boss still had it.
Using the details on the CV, police were able to identify Mirza as the robber, said Rob Cowley, prosecuting.
When cops searched the defendant's home they found an imitation firearm, the carrier bag the threatening note written on a betting slip.
Mr Cowley said Mirza had also been present when another man, Usman Shahmaun, used the same weapon to try to rob a Paddy Power in Washwood Heath on April 29.
On that occasion a brave manager had activated an alarm, filling the premises with smoke. Armed police arrived quickly and Shahmaun was arrested nearby.
Mirza, 26, who had previously admitted robbery and possessing an imitation firearm, was jailed for six years.
Shahmaun, 22, of Washwood Heath Road, Ward End, was sentenced to three years and four months after pleading guilty to attempted robbery, possessing an imitation firearm and a knife.
Devon Small, for Mirza, said: “He had a longstanding gambling addiction which had been going on for three or four years. They had developed an obsession with online gambling.”
They said Mirza, who had worked as a forklift truck driver, had been allowed to run up a £22,000 debt with one firm of bookies over an 11-month period, and owed another £2,000.
Two sisters, pictured, have been charged with burning and disfiguring a 5-year-old girl as part of a Voodoo ritual to cleanse them of evil spirits. FOX 25
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
TWO pupils from Inyanda Secondary School in Bulawayo's Gwabalanda suburb are in trouble after a steamy video with sexual acts that was seemi...
12 digital marketing and customer experience tips for success
Creating great customer experiences separates market leaders from the rest of the pack. Here are 12 ideas, best practices, strategies and words of advice for advancing your digital marketing efforts in the year ahead.
You put on a show in Vegas, you gotta give the crowd glitz. And that's exactly what Adobe did with its recent Adobe Summit 2017, which featured a motivational talk from Peyton Manning, surprise appearances from Ryan Gosling and Penn & Teller, and Saturday Night Live's Kate McKinnon showing off their improv genius.
But marketers were there to learn, and the conference delivered on that front, too. Here are 12 digital marketing ideas, best practices, strategies and nuggets of wisdom shared during the summit.
1. Digital transformation is ‘all or nothing'
During the Summit's keynote, Adobe CEO and President Shantanu Narayen addressed the pain points many organizations face today: The need to stay ahead of competitors, the struggle to achieve digital transformation, and, above all, the need to deliver exceptional customer experiences.
“Just when we think we've figured out our strategies, new experiences and technologies emerge, creating more fear across industries than I've ever seen,” Narayen said. They cited Adobe, circa 2008, as an example of a company at a crossroads. At the time, “our growth was stagnating,” they said. Mobile was “upending” Adobe's desktop software model. “We weren't mission-critical to where our customers were heading.”
Adobe executives decided the company needed to transform from being “leaders in content creation” to “leaders in content creation and data,” including analytics, Narayen continued. “We moved from box software to monthly cloud subscriptions, and we had to earn that business every day. We persevered, experimented and evolved.”
Most every company has its version of that story today, or soon will. Narayen added: “Preserving the status quo is not a business strategy. Digital transformation is all or nothing.”
2. Customer experience is the new battleground
A brand that hopes to survive and prosper must transform into an “experience business,” where delivering an amazing customer experience is the top-line business goal, Narayen said. Creating great customer experiences separates market leaders from the rest of the pack, they added.
But becoming an “experience business” is by no means easy. Such a transformation creates “an all-hands-on-deck moment for companies,” said Brad Rencher, Adobe executive vice president and general manager of digital marketing, during the keynote. “It's not just the charter of the marketing department. We're all flight attendants of the customer experience.”
We've reached the point where customers dictate their relationship with brands, and not the other way around, as it once was, said Forrester analyst James McCormick in a separate session. “We've given customers many digital ways to engage with us, and they can engage with our competitors, too.” And they can easily move on to a competitor if their experience with your brand is unsatisfying, they pointed out.
1 2 3 4 Next Page
John Starks | Staff Photographer
William Lackland, 5, of Elgin sings Christmas carols into a microphone held by speech therapist Rima Birutis as 176 children gather to visit with Santa Saturday at the Marianjoy Rehabilitation Hospital in Wheaton. William had brain surgery earlier in 2017 and had to relearn how to walk and talk, but now loves to sing.
It takes more than love to keep a relationship hot—and these couples are proof of that. In this episode of Black love, our couples detail everything they do to keep their relationship sexy. After being together for years, Nica & Okai, Jen & Gary and Ben & Melinda, explain the ins and outs of their love and how their passion stays alive.
The group is totally candid about the hottest places they've had sex and the one thing their partner does to turn them all the way on.
You may pick up a few tips for your own relationship along the way.
Happy Valentine's Day!
#Black Love
MORE SEX & LOVE
HelloBeautiful Celebrates Black Love In All Its Forms
Advice For Women In A Sexless Marriage
Here Are 6 Ways Social Media Can Destroy Your Marriage
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands Police faced questions from angry parents after schools across the Midlands were targeted by bomb hoaxers .
Mums and dads asked why the force had not listed the schools which received the alerts on Monday in a statement it issued on Facebook.
Walsall College was among the sites affected. It tweeted that staff and students were required to leave all campuses.
West Midlands Police said only that the decision on whether to evacuate remained with headteachers and it supported "whatever they decide in this difficult situation".
But, writing on Facebook, Matty Knight posted: "Wouldn't it be fair to list the schools so parents can make a decision on whether they think it's “false and malicious” rather than take somebody else's word for it?"
Nik Baldry posted: "West Midlands Police this is a really clumsy post.
"You've basically just told parents that there is a potential threat to their children, but not clarified which schools, then told us all it's probably hearsay.
"If it was probably hearsay why have you put it in social media? Nothing like a scaremongering post on a Monday morning."
Clare Stone said: "So you now have the whole of the West Midlands panicking if their children, some as young as 4 as safe at school! You need to name the schools, so as parents, WE can decide if our children are safe!"
Kirsty Brown posted: "West Midlands Police this is really bad of you, you have every parent in West Midlands scared now. You should have listed the schools!!!!!!"
The West Midlands Police statement said: "Enquiries continue this afternoon to establish the facts and we continue to work tirelessly to investigate who is responsible.
"We take hoaxes extremely seriously. They cause disruption and alarm to the public as well as diverting police resources.
"We're working closely with local education authorities to keep them updated with our investigation.
"The decision about whether to evacuate schools and colleges remains with the individual establishment on the basis of their individual plans and also our advice that these are hoaxes.We fully support head teachers in whatever they decide in this difficult situation.
"Schools are some of the safest and most secure public spaces with well-rehearsed safety plans in place to deal with a range of emergencies. Staff are highly trained and the well-being of students is their top priority."
West Midlands Police wouldn't comment further when approached by Birmingham Live.
The hoax emails affected more than 400 schools across the UK, including the West Midlands, London, Yorkshire, Humberside, Northumberland, Lincolnshire and Bedfordshire.
A feud between rival Minecraft gamers was the reason why the 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges.
Sky News said the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, r eportedlyclaimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every season of Peaky Blinders brings a new foe for Tommy Shelby.
In the first series, it was police detective Chester Campbell, then Father John Hughes, played by Paddy Consodine, Tom Hardy's character Alfie Solomons and Luca Changretta, played by Adrien Brody, in series four.
Already, speculation is rife about who Cillian Murphy's character will fall out with next.
And, speaking to Birmingham Live, writer Steven Knight admitted their next foe would be a politician.
However, they said it would not be Winston Churchill - indeed, they will likely be on the same wide of the war.
When asked if their next foe will be a politician, Knight said: "Yes, but it is not Churchill. I like them too much.
(Image: © Caryn Mandabach Productions Ltd 2017)
"They find a common enemy."
Blues fan Steven Knight was talking to Birmingham City podcast Blue Noise.
They confirmed there was likely to be seven seasons of the hit BBC show.
They also said it would not be heading to America, adding: "I think it would lose its soul."
Read More Peaky Blinders exclusives Tommy Shelby enemy
Favourite Brummie story
Knight is currently writing series five of the show, set in Birmingham.
Buffalo's Mariah Suchan and Florida State's Ama Degbeon fight for a rebound all the way to the floor in the second round game of the NCAA women's college basketball tournament, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Tallahassee, Fla. Buffalo won 86-65. Steve Cannon AP Photo
On July 4, we will celebrate the birth and independence of America. We will reflect on the greatness of our nation and our freedoms and accomplishments.
Will Americans remember our Republic is great because of the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, a free-market economy and a strong military?
Thomas Jefferson wrote in the Declaration of Independence, “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life. Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.”
Unfortunately, many of us have forgotten or never learned about American history.
On July 4, you can begin recalling our history, as George Washington comes to De la Guerra Plaza at 11:30 a.m. before the parade. Witness a musical drama about the Declaration of Independence starring Katherine Bottoms, Brian Harwell, Sean O'Shea, Jenna Scanlon, and opera singers Deborah Bertling and Emil Cristescu. This inspiring event is free to the public, features a sing-a-long and kids are welcomed. It is presented by the Santa Barbara Pops Association.
Come join the fun, witness history and learn the importance of George Washington and the Declaration of Independence.
Don Thorn
Carpinteria
Made in Chelsea's Louise Thompson has hinted at a split from gym bunny and boyfriend Ryan Libbey.
Uh oh.
The pair have been dating since August 2016, and despite moving in together on the Channel 4 reality show, fans think the pair have called it quits due to Louise's cryptic tweet.
You learn more about someone at the end of a relationship than at the beginning. FACT. — Louise Thompson (@LouiseAThompson) October 6, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"You learn more about someone at the end of a relationship than at the beginning. FACT.", they wrote this morning (Friday 6th October).
And while the lack of context means they could be referencing any relationship (Romeo and Juliet? Katie Price and Peter Andre? CHARLES AND CAMILLA?), fans are assuming she's talking about Ryan.
One replied to the tweet, "I hope you're not telling us you and Ryan are over?? :( x", while another added, "Ryan?"
As of yet, neither Ryan nor Louise have commented on the rumours, though they did share a vlog of their incredible holiday to Mexico on Instagram 15 hours ago, so maybe take the tweet with a pinch of salt.
Throwing it back to the summer time ☀️ when the weather was fine ...#tbt 🥊the link in my bio to see the full length version on my YouTube page 👊🏻 🗣Shout out to my videographer @ranaldlw_films for rescuing my very average filming skills and creating something pretty sweet to watch. A post shared by RYAN (@ryan.libbey) on Oct 5, 2017 at 12:44pm PDT
Inteeeresting.
Two brothers and their pit bull dogs are missing near Whiteville.
The Columbus County Sheriff's Office reported that William Indian Jones, 16, and James Dean Jones, 15, were last seen near their Pinewood Lane residence about 3:15 p.m. Monday. Their father could not locate theta 34 p.m.
They were last seen near Soles Road and Hallsboro Road, South in Whiteville.
William is a 16 year old white, male approximately 5'10” and weighs 165 pounds. James is a 15 year old white, male approximately 5'08” and weighs 145 pounds. Both William and James have blonde hair and blue eyes. The boys were last seen wearing summer clothing attire.
The pit bull mix puppies they were walking are described as one being black with a white star on its chest and the other is black and white.
If you have information on the whereabouts of William and James Jones, please contact Columbus County Sheriff's Office at 910-642-6551.
We are now more than a year into the presidency of Donald Trump, and so it's time for the president to address an aching nation, bruised and divided on a wide variety of social, political, economic, environmental and international issues. The State of the Union address was meant to be a platform where the president can tout accomplishments and set goals, but more recently a new theme has emerged. Partisanship is a toxic and destructive force in our current political climate, and presidential speeches of this kind have become more and more a plea to bipartisanship than a reflection. Donald Trump's remarks on the issue not only missed the mark, but they were deliberate jabs at Democrats, serving to deepen the divide rather than bridge it.
The speech was marred with grand hyperbole, classic parenthetical Trumpisms, and genuinely touching moments, but no singular moment is as important as the general subtext of the speech. “We've won, and you've lost,” they seemed to be urging. Their speech was slick and wily, and their ability to tie issues together seemed to dare the Democrats into standing for statements that mocked their long-held positions on a variety of issues. Here are a few examples.
“In America, we know that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the center of the American life. Our motto is ‘in God we trust,'” Trump said near the beginning of their speech.
On the face of it, this statement may not seem like a dig at the other side of the aisle, but a closer reading leads to the conclusion that the statement is a jab at Democrats. “Faith and family” are values often offered by the evangelical and Tea Party movements in their rebuke of gay marriages legality. And the emphasis of “in God we trust,” is a proxy for breaking down the wall between church and state. And these words aren't without action; the Trump administration issued an “Executive Order on Promoting Free Speech and Religious Liberty,” which expanded the right of tax exempt religious groups to engage in political activities.
They did this multiple times during the night and on a diverse set of issues. Another prime example came right after the faith and family statement.
“And we celebrate our police, our military, and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and unwavering support,” Trump said.
Again, and probably to a greater degree, any rejection of this statement would seem unpatriotic, but it too has a hidden trap for the Democrats. They tie together a serious issue of debate today — the role of police and widespread scrutiny of police conduct — with a issue that nearly everyone agrees with — that we should support our active military and veterans. By tying together these two issues he's not only trying to invalidate a liberal argument, but set the trap of having them remain seated and look unpatriotic.
But the Democratic Party isn't without blame for the partisan world we the people have to live in. They've been unwilling to make sufficient compromises on a number of issues, leading to a perpetual cycle of unwillingness to collaborate.
Regardless of who's fault it is, and both parties are certainly at fault, it's the president's role and responsibility to rise above the childish actions to be a moral center and call for unity. Donald Trump didn't do that, they only played into the partisanship that plagues our government, further dividing those that need to come together.
Highlights GM diet was propounded by General Motors for its employees
It works by eating specific foods items on dedicated days for a week
The diet is low in fat, sugar and sodium and thus aids weight loss
weight . Those who follow the plan swear by it. The diet encourages a person to eat selective foods for seven days which translates into a drop in weight which could be as much as 10 pounds in a week! Let's analyse if you should give it a shot or skip it.
How Does it Work?
Unlike the Atkins' or the Keto diet, the GM diet does not call for the exclusion or replacement of any food group in its totality. It works by eating specific foods items on dedicated days for a week.
Day 1
You are on a complete fruit diet, however, bananas are excluded. The diet recommends consuming fruits that are high in water content such as melons and citrus fruits. You must have lots of water, at least 8-12 glasses in a day. You can add cucumber to your diet.
Watermelons are great for hydration
Day 2
The second day calls for vegetables on the menu. You can cook them or choose to have them raw. The diet also recommends having a large boiled potato on the second day of your diet along with lots of water. Avoid all fruits and dairy items today. You must not have eggs, lentils and mushrooms. Cook with items like cauliflower, zucchini, bell peppers, beets, carrots, onions, cucumber, lettuce, cabbage, potatoes and low fat butter or oil (one teaspoon).
Include green leafy veggies
Day 3
The third day combines the first two days of your diet. You will have more variety to gorge on today. The rule remains the same - all veggies, cooked or uncooked + fruits except bananas and potatoes. Never forget to load up on water. Also, you're not allowed dairy, grains, meats, or lentils.
Citrus fruits will also help you build immunity
Day 4
You're halfway down the drill. On your fourth day, you are on a meager diet of bananas, milk and soup. You can have close to 8 bananas and up to four glasses of milk along with lots of water throughout the day. All this and nothing more!
Banana milkshake: A great energy booster!
Day 5
You're almost there! Today, you can have some grains in the form of brown rice. You can also add tomatoes to your diet along with lean red meat, chicken, fish, cottage cheese, curd and cucumbers. The diet recommends having the GM Diet Soup during dinner which combines onions, tomatoes, cabbage, green peppers and celery with some salt, pepper, vinegar, lemon juice and herbs.
Red lean meat
Day 6
You'll feel like going 'yay' today! Day 6 has options galore. Today, you can plan your meals around brown rice, lean meat, cooked or uncooked veggies, kidney beans, Bengal gram, chicken, fish, mushrooms and lentils. However, you must totally avoid all forms of dairy, beef, pork, white rice, tubers like potatoes and fruits like mangoes, bananas and cherries.
Lentils
Day 7
And you're about to touch the finish line. Seal the day by consuming fruit juices, brown rice and vegetables. Avoid potato and sweet potatoes, bananas, mangoes and pears, dairy, poultry and non-vegetarian items as well as beans, lentils and mushrooms.
(Also read: Atkins Diet Deconstructed: Should You Follow it? Experts Speak)
Brown Rice
Things to Keep in Mind
- You must stick to the plan as religiously as possible.
- On days when you are supposed to be on fruit juices, steer clear of whole fruits.
- If the day calls for milk consumption, don't assume that you can have other dairy products as well.
- You should not consume fats and oils, processed foods and packaged food items.
- You can add lemon juice, vinegar and herbs to your meals.
- No salad dressings, condiments, pickles or sauces.
- No cheese.
- No meats and dairy except on the days that permit the same.
- You can have black coffee and green tea.
- Try avoiding sugar
- The best way to cook your meals is to steam or pressure cook.
- You can add quinoa in place of brown rice.
(Also read: Ketogenic Diet Deconstructed: Should You Follow it?)
Quinoa
The GM diet is a combination of high fibre food items along with complex carbohydrates. The diet is low in fat, sugar and sodium and therefore, helps in weight loss and detoxification. Fibre will aid in digestion and better absorption of nutrients. Experts who are in support of the diet vouch for the fact that the diet plan packs all essential nutrients for the body in a week-long routine. There is a great emphasis on an increased intake of fruits and veggies which ensures a smooth supply of nutrients that are essential for the body. The need for protein is taken care of with the help of dairy, lentils, beans, poultry, fish and meat introduced on select days.
What health experts have to say
"GM diet works well to kick-start weight loss, however it is not sustainable. Your body needs the essential macro and micro nutrients daily. All food groups are essential and eliminating them even for short intervals can adversely affect your health. I always recommend professional guidance before starting a vigorous diet plan. Also, the moment you go back to your old eating habits the weight lost will come back. It is better to switch to a healthy sustainable eating plan that you can follow for a lifetime," Shilpa Arora ND, a renowned Health Practitioner, Nutritionist and certified Macrobiotic Health Coach.
"GM Diet is not based on our natural lifestyle and hence, it can't be followed for a long period of time. After the diet is over, a person feels confused about planning their regular diet. It may, therefore, lead to weight gain all over again. The diet triggers unwanted cravings. It may also put your body on starvation mode, especially on days when you are restricted to fruits. One may feel lethargic, dizzy and weak due to the sudden change that the body has undergone. This is not only unhealthy but also unrealistic for the long term weight management," Dr. Gargi Sharma, a leading weight loss, therapeutic nutrition and obesity management expert.
"To get your GM diet to work well you must eat! For example, on the fruit day, eat lots of fruits. Fill up and don't starve. Load up on lots of fluids especially cabbage soup, it works wonders. In my opinion, you can try the diet once in a while between long intervals. Doing it frequently may be detrimental to your health," Dr. Rupali Datta, Former Chief Clinical Nutritionist at Fortis-Escorts Hospital, Delhi.
(Also read: The Ideal Balanced Diet: What Should You Really Eat?)
"GM diet does not meet the daily nutritional requirements. If done repeatedly, it can lead to health concerns and deficiencies," noted Anshul Jaibharat, a Delhi-based nutritionist and weight-loss expert.
Eat a balanced diet and team it with regular physical activity. Eliminating a food group completely, even for a day is not the answer. "For an average Indian, 55% of daily energy requirements should be met by carbs, 30% by fat and 15% by protein," concludes Dr. Ritika Sammadar, Nutritionist at Max Health Care, New Delhi.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and heir to the throne is an Aston Villa fan.
They have spoken about their support of the club, has attended Villa matches and even been spotted wearing claret and blue.
Why does Prince William support Aston Villa?
Ahead of Villa's FA Cup defeat to Arsenal in May 2015, they spoke to BBC presenter Gary Linker about their Villa allegiance.
Prince William said: “A long time ago at school I got into football big time. I was looking around for clubs. All my friends at school were either Man United fans or Chelsea fans and I didn't want to follow the run of the mill teams.
“I wanted to have a team that was more mid-table that could give me more emotional rollercoaster moments.
“Aston Villa's always had a great history. I have got friends of mine who support Aston Villa and one of the first FA Cup games I went to was Bolton v Aston Villa back in 2000. Sadly, Villa went on to lose to Chelsea.
“It was fantastic, I sat with all the fans with my red beanie on, and I was sat with all the Brummie fans and had a great time.
“It was the atmosphere, the camaraderie and I really felt that there was something I could connect with.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Have they attended matches?
They were pictured at in an executive box at Villa Park for the 0-0 Premier League draw against Sunderland in November 2013.
Prince William was wearing a Villa coat and a Villa scarf.
They also attended the 2015 FA Cup final defeat to Arsenal, as a dignitary in the Royal Box.
Their Royal Highness sat next to then Villa owner Randy Lerner for the match. Villa lost the match 4-0 and Prince William presented the trophy to Arsenal and handed out runners-up medals to Tim Sherwood's players.
Wills visited Villa Park for the 1-0 Championship victory over Cardiff City in April 2018.
They were pictured celebrating in an executive box with former Villa favourite John Carew as Jack Grealish grabbed a late winner.
The prince stopped after the match to chat and have photographs taken with players and staff.
They attended the play-off final defeat to Fulham at Wembley in May 2018, a week after their brother Harry's wedding.
Have there been any other examples of their Villa support?
They appeared to be wearing a claret tie during the wedding of their wife's sister Pippa Middleton in May 2017.
In October 2017, the Duke and Duchess visited the London Stadium, the home of West Ham United. The Hammers offered their young children replica kits; however, William showed their true colours.
They jokingly said: “Right colours, wrong team.”
A month later, as a guest at the Pride of Britain awards they wore a Villa scarf in a show of solidarity with Villa fan Moin Younis, who was recognised with an award for their bravery for living with a severe skin condition.
In the same month, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Villa Park and spoke to manager Steve Bruce, with the Duke praising the manager for how their team were playing.
How have Villa celebrated theirs support?
After the birth of all three of William and Kate's children, Villa have tweeted a welcome message including a picture of a Villa shirt printed with 'HRH'.
What have Villa officials said about him?
(Image: Anthony Devlin/PA Wire)
Manager Steve Bruce was impressed with how much knowledge HRH had about the current Villa side when they met in November 2017.
Bruce said: “He introduced Kate to me as the ‘top man'.
"He talked about the squad and how we have turned it around a little bit.
“He's delighted we are moving it forward. Being a dad myself, you would like them as a son. They were impeccable.
“It's not often you have the future King as a supporter so it's great for the club."
The president of the High Court has approved arrangements governing access to documents to be used for an application by the State's corporate watchdog for the appointment of inspectors to Independent News & Media (INM).
INM opposes any such appointment and is seeking a judicial review, which is to be heard on May 9th, aimed at quashing the decision of Director of Corporate Enforcement Ian Drennan to seek inspectors.
Mr Justice Peter Kelly on Tuesday approved an arrangement agreed in recent days by INM and the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement (ODCE) governing access by various parties to sworn documents and exhibits from the ODCE application.
Some of the documents will be redacted, subject to any further order made in the context of INM's claims of legal privilege over some material. If the various applicants believe they are entitled to see additional material, they can bring further applications.
The judge also directed that the ODCE and INM should resolve between themselves INM's concerns about making available commercially sensitive information. The ODCE has filed a lengthy grounding affidavit and some supplemental affidavits.
Dr Len O'Hagan, an non-executive director of INM, has filed the main replying affidavit for the company, with 11 other affidavits for INM described as “confirmatory”.
Under the arrangements for access, documents will be provided to the Data Protection Commissioner (DPC), former INM chairperson Leslie Buckley, journalist Sam Smyth, the former head of INM's Irish operations Joe Webb and former INM company secretary Andrew Donogher.
The ODCE has expressed concern that the data of 19 people, including Mr Smyth, Mr Webb and Mr Donogher, may have been accessed by third parties when server back-up tapes were removed from INM's Talbot Street premises over a period from October 2014.
Access only
That matter is being investigated by the DPC and is among the grounds for the ODCE's application for inspectors. Mr Buckley, through their counsel Seán Guerin SC, argued they were entitled to be served with all documents but Neil Steen SC, for the ODCE, maintained Mr Buckley's entitlement was to access only as they are not a party to the case.
The judge said Mr Buckley had liberty to bring a motion to be joined to the proceedings. Other parties who will get documents are Red Flag Consulting and Karl Brophy and Gavin O'Reilly, now with Red Flag but formerly senior employees of INM, and Mandy Scott, a personal assistant to both men.
Red Flag, Mr Brophy and Mr O'Reilly are defendants in long-running litigation taken against them by business person Denis O'Brien, INM's major shareholder. Former INM chief executive Robert Pitt and INM chief financial officer Ryan Preston will also get access to documents.
The ODCE application for inspectors arose from protected disclosures made by both men on dates in 2016 and 2017.
Solicitor Simon McAleese, representing Mr Smyth, also secured access to documents on their own behalf arising from theirs having been referred to in media reports concerning the ODCE application.
Mr McAleese signalled they may also apply to see the minutes of an INM board meeting which appeared to have been held around the time of discovery of the alleged data breach.
Speedily progressing
The judge also made directions aimed at speedily progressing the ODCE application, which will proceed only if INM loses its judicial review. The ODCE matter will be listed for mention 48 hours after the judicial review decision is given.
Mr Justice Kelly also granted liberty to lawyers for The Irish Times and Times UK to bring applications on May 3rd, if necessary, concerning access to documents.
Mr Steen said the ODCE believes a motion for access would be the best approach in the context of complaints, including from Mr O'Brien, about material having been “leaked”. The ODCE was not responsible for that, counsel said.
Shane Murphy SC, for INM, said the issue of media access was for the court. INM would not oppose the media having the ODCE's grounding affidavit and INM's main replying affidavit, but would object to access to exhibits and was not keen on “wholesale disclosure”. There had been references in court to the main affidavits and it may be considered those references permit access, they said.
Earlier, the court heard the ODCE/INM arrangement concerning access of various parties to documents provides affidavits and other material will be redacted in the context of a previous agreement between the ODCE/INM concerning treatment of legally privileged material.
Both sides have reserved their position concerning how the privilege agreement should be interpreted, and the Mr Drennan disputes claims by INM they breached that agreement by including certain content in their sworn affidavit.
LOS ANGELES, CA - AUGUST 13: Cory Spangenberg #15 of the San Diego Padres celebrates at the dugout with bench coach Mark McGwire after Spangenberg hit a two-run home run during the sixth inning of the MLB game against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium on August 13, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Victor Decolongon/Getty Images)
Before the final game of the series against the Los Angeles Dodgers Sunday afternoon, the Padres announced they have extended manager Andy Green's contract for another three years through the 2021 season. That was the good news of the day as the Friars dropped the game and the series with 6-4 loss against the Dodgers.
The team may have lost but infielder Cory Spangenberg had a solid day at the plate. In the first inning, Spangenberg sent their ninth homer of the year to right center field and gave the Padres an early 1-0 lead.
The Dodgers responded in the fourth inning with a pair of home runs. The first came off the bat of Justin Turner. Their three run blast gave Los Angeles their first lead of the game and they never looked back. Yasmani Grandal made sure of it with a two run homer to center field in the same inning which put the Dodgers at a healthy 5-2 lead.
Let's go back to Spangenberg. In the sixth inning Spangy sent their second home run of the game and tenth of the season to left field which brought the Padres within one run of catching up. However, Turner had another home run up their sleeve as well. Turner's solo shot in the eighth inning secured the game and the series for the Dodgers.
The Padres are back at Petco Park on Monday August 14 for the first of three games against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Japan's economy expanded at the fastest pace in more than two years in the second quarter as consumer and company spending picked up, highlighting a long-awaited bounce in domestic demand.
The world's third-largest economy expanded by a much stronger-than-expected annualised rate of 4 per cent in April-June, posting its longest uninterrupted run of growth in a decade, government data showed on Monday.
Activity is expected to continue to improve in coming quarters, offering the Bank of Japan (BOJ) hope that a tight labour market is finally starting to boost wages and consumer spending, which in turn should make it easier to generate sustained inflation.
The rosy data was also a vindication for Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe's government, which has faced criticism that its economic agenda has not done enough to revive the country's fortunes. “The engines of consumer spending and capital expenditure both fired well in the second quarter, and that's why domestic demand was so strong,” said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute. “The pace of growth may moderate slightly, but we are still in recovery mode. This is a positive development for inflation.”
Gross domestic product expanded an annualised 4 per cent in April-June, government data showed, more than the median estimate for 2.5 per cent annualised growth and the biggest increase since January-March 2015. Compared to the previous quarter, the economy expanded 1 per cent, versus the median estimate for 0.6 per cent growth.
Japan's growth had been largely reliant on robust exports earlier in the year, though there were signs private consumption was picking up. Annualised GDP for previous quarter was revised up to a 1.5 per cent increase, while quarterly real (inflation adjusted) GDP was revised up to 0.4 per cent growth from a 0.3 per cent increase.
The economy grew for six straight quarters in April-June. The last time the economy had a run of six consecutive quarters of growth was January-March 2005 through April-June 2006. Private consumption, which accounts for about two-thirds of GDP, rose 0.9 per cent from the previous quarter, more than the median estimate of 0.5 per cent growth.
That marked the fastest expansion in more than three years as shoppers splashed out on durable goods such as cars and home appliances. Consumers also spent more money on dining out, the data showed.
These are all encouraging signs that consumer spending is no longer the weak spot in Japan's economic outlook. Employees' wages rose 0.7 percent in April-June from the previous quarter, which was the biggest increase since July-September last year and another sign of the economy's vigour.
“The fact that the economy was able to grow this much without gains in exports shows our fundamentals are solid,” said Hiroshi Miyazaki, senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities. “Consumption gains could slow a little in the following quarter, but the foundations for a recover in consumer spending are in place.”
Capital expenditure jumped by 2.4 per cent in April-June from the previous quarter, doubling the median estimate for a 1.2 per cent increase. That was the fastest growth in business investment since January-March 2014 as companies spent more on software and construction equipment.
Japanese economy minister Toshimitsu Motegi was more cautious on the outlook for domestic demand and pledged to implement extra measures to strengthen the economy. “If you ask me whether private consumption has fully recovered, I would say it still lacks strength in some areas, which will need to be followed with policy,” Mr Motegi told reporters.
Reuters
A total of 305 people cast their ballots Friday, as well as 134 people Saturday, in the special election. The Election Commission Office in Lebanon saw 119 voters Friday and 78 voters Saturday. The Mt. Juliet Community Center saw 95 voters Friday and 11 voters Saturday, respectively. Last Monday, there were 337 voters, which represented the biggest single-day voter turnout for the special election, as polling places opened in Watertown and at Lighthouse Church in Mt. Juliet.
The special election will fill a seat left vacant by Mae Beavers after they decided to resign their position to focus on their run for Tennessee governor.
Candidates for the seat include Democrat Mary Alice Carfi and Republican Mark Pody.
Early voting for the general election will run through Thursday from 8 a.m. until 6 p.m. at the Wilson County Election Commission office at 203 E. Main St. in Lebanon and the Mt. Juliet Community Center at 1075 Charlie Daniels Pkwy. in Mt. Juliet.
Residents voting early or on election days should remember to bring valid photo identification issued by the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security, as well as photo identification issued by Tennessee state government or the federal government, are acceptable even if they are expired. College student identification will not be accepted.
Visit wilsoncountyvotes.com for more information.
The Pentagon said Monday that it will begin processing transgender applicants to the military on January 1.
That development follows an earlier ruling by a federal judge on Monday who declined the US government's request to put on hold an order allowing transgender individuals to join the military beginning in January. The decision means transgender people will be free to enlist in the new year.
“In sum, having carefully considered all of the evidence before it, the Court is not persuaded that Defendants will be irreparably injured by allowing the accession of transgender individuals into the military beginning on January 1, 2018,” Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said in their ruling.
“As required by recent federal district court orders, the Department of Defense recently announced it will begin processing transgender applicants for military service on January 1, 2018. This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders,” the Defense Department said in a written statement.
The Pentagon said it was already following a court ruling last week and is “planning to prepare to access transgender persons,” as of January 1, US Army Maj. Dave Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, said in a written statement following the ruling.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the Department of Justice is “reviewing the legal options” on court ruling on transgender Americans serving in the military.
“They are simply complying with a court order and preparing to implement a previous policy to remain in compliance. The Department of Justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure that they President's directive can be implemented,” Sanders said.
Last week the Pentagon said it had established a panel of experts to propose recommendations on the issue of accepting transgender recruits following a series of rulings in federal court regarding the administration's policy to prohibit transgender recruits.
“The Deputy Secretary of Defense and Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, supported by a panel of experts, will propose consideration recommendations supported by appropriate evidence and information for the accession of transgender persons into the military,” Eastburn said in a written statement last week.
That came just as the Justice Department asked a federal judge last Wednesday to put on hold their order requiring the military to begin allowing transgender recruits on January 1, while the department appealed their ruling to a higher court.
So far, two federal judges have blocked key provisions of President Donald Trump's prohibition on transgender individuals serving in the military, which was announced in August.
Last month, Marvin Garbis in Maryland wrote in a 53-page ruling that currently serving transgender service members were “already suffering harmful consequences” and prohibited the administration “from blocking those challenging the ban from completing their medically necessary surgeries.”
Another federal judge had blocked portions of Trump's directive in October.
A sworn statement from Lernes J. Hebert, the acting deputy assistant secretary of defense for military personnel policy said ordering the policy to go into effect January 1 “will impose extraordinary burdens on the Department.”
They argued in part that if the department were compelled to accept transgender recruits, “applicants may not receive the appropriate medical and administrative accession screening necessary for someone with a complex medical condition. As a result, an applicant may be accessed for military service who is not physically or psychologically equipped to engage in combat/operational service.”
In their statement last week, Eastburn said the panel, which would operate per the recent court rulings, will issue findings based on “multiple considerations including military effectiveness and lethality, budgetary constraints, and applicable law.”
Shortly after Trump's directive in August, Defense Secretary James Mattis said they would work with a panel of experts to recommend how the military should put the administration's transgender guidance into effect.
Once that panel concludes, Mattis will provide their advice to Trump on how to implement their policy direction. That new policy is expected to be announced by March.
The raising of FA Cup final ticket prices by up to 35 per cent by the English Football Association has been branded “extortionate” by the official Manchester United supporters' trust.
The increase in ticket costs apart from in the lowest category four band for United's meeting with Chelsea has been met by dismay by MUST. Category four had the lowest allocation of 10,057 and 10,144 seats for the 2016 and 2017 finals respectively, so the same can be expected for the game at Wembley on May 19th. Those tickets cost £45 (€51).
Duncan Drasdo, MUST's CEO, told the Guardian: “Freezing the lowest ticket price category is a token gesture which will benefit only a small minority of our supporters. These price increases further illustrate the longstanding issue we have with the FA as both regulator of the game and the worst offender when it comes to extortionate ticket prices for fans.
“Ordinary fans should not be punished for the FA's previous poor financial decisions over Wembley redevelopment. Football ticket pricing is not an ordinary competitive market. It is a monopoly and the FA, as the game's regulatory body, should be setting an example by rewarding fans' loyalty. The decision to raise prices to the highest levels ever defies belief.”
Andy Ambler, the governing body's director of professional game relations, told the FA's website: “It's always important to remember that the FA is a not-for-profit organisation where every pound and penny of profit is reinvested back into every level of football in England. If you're buying a ticket for the final you are directly investing in the future of the game in this country.”
Although the allocations for each category are yet to be released, the numbers for the past two finals indicate category two is almost certain to have the most available tickets, and it is this band that has the highest price increase.
In 2016 and 2017 there were 27,578 and 27,289 category two tickets respectively and they cost £85 (€97). The equivalent tickets for this season's final are priced at £115 (€130), the cost of the most expensive seats in the previous two years, which is a rise of 35%.
Category one tickets, of which there were 13,471 and 13,641 in 2016 and 2017, are now £145 (€165), a £30 or 26% hike. Category three had an allocation of 19,760 and 18,944 and has risen £5 from £65 (74) to £70 (€80).
After meeting with supporters' groups of United and Chelsea plus the other two semi-finalists, Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton, the FA announced that prices for concession seats for the final would be £25 (€28) cheaper than the full-price equivalents in categories one and two – up from £10 (€11) cheaper – and that those in categories three and four would have a £10 saving, in line with last year.
Each club will get more than 28,000 tickets for the final, which will be refereed by Michael Oliver.
The game's 5.15pm kick-off should allow fans returning to Manchester to catch the final train from London at 10.10pm even if there is extra-time and penalties.
(Guardian service)
Snapshot: ‘The End of Manufacturing' by John Myers
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
A memorable Six Nations for Ireland, and a landmark one in so many ways.
Remember the good old days when the Five Nations was ruled by an Anglo-French duopoly?
For much of the 1980s, 1990s and into the early Noughties they were the dominant duo. The organisers would schedule them to meet in the grand finale to Super Saturday and there was even talk of them breaking away to swim with the bigger fish from the Southern Hemisphere. The Celts weren't good enough.
Well, a cursory glance at the final table for the 2018 Six Nations shows the Celtic nations in first, second and third place for the first time in 43 years. So let's hear it again for the Pro14, who will also host three of the four European Champions Cup ties in a fortnight.
No doubt there'll be bleating aplenty about the lack of relegation in the Pro14 compared to the Premiership and the Top 14. Perhaps there'll even be suggestions of rejigging the format again. After all, Ireland winning a Grand Slam is bad enough, but a Celtic one-two-three can't be right.
Of course, the margins are ridiculously fine at times, and remained so right up until last Saturday.
Scotland were indebted to Pascal Gauzerre not decreeing that their 78th minute maul had stopped twice before penalising Italy for collapsing, so enabling Greig Laidlaw to seal their win, and Wales only edged out France by a point. But for this alone, Wales and Scotland would have finished in the bottom half, and France and England in the top half.
Although Ireland's runaway title gives the lie to this notion, the bottom line is that, thanks in the main to Scotland's progress and France's mini revival, the Six Nations has arguably never been more competitive.
Last season, four points separated second from fifth, this season it was five points. Accordingly, for the last couple of seasons, a good team has finished fifth, and that's the way it's going to be for the next few years most probably.
Undoubtedly, Ireland's player management was a factor in this Grand Slam. Yes, it's true that there were 13 players ruled out before a ball was kicked, and this included a couple of casualties who were on the Lions tour, Sean O'Brien and Jared Payne, as well as Jamie Heaslip.
Furthermore, they lost Josh van der Flier, Robbie Henshaw and Chris Farrell along the way. Indeed, but for injuries to the latter two we might not have seen Garry Ringrose, whose excellent reads and tackling along with their footwork and carrying threat actually improved Ireland's defence.
Looked jaded
Yet against that it's worth noting 13 of the starting XV in the Stade de France pitched up again in the starting team in Twickenham in round five. Many of Ireland's Lions have retained their freshness and fitness – one thinks of Cian Healy, Jack McGrath, Rory Best, Tadhg Furlong, Iain Henderson, Peter O'Mahony, CJ Stander, Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton – whereas so many of their English counterparts, especially Maro Itoje, Courtney Lawes, Dan Cole – have looked jaded.
This is hardly any wonder when you consider that Lawes played a pre-season friendly for Northampton whereas Ireland's Lions didn't make their seasonal reappearances until rounds four or five of the Pro14. Now Eddie Jones is suggesting England may rest their Lions from next summer's tour to South Africa.
Even allowing for small margins, as England's fall from first to fifth demonstrates, if you snooze you lose in this game, or if you stand still you'll be rapidly overtaken. Whereas England has regressed, you could make a case that all five other teams have progressed this season.
Having risen to second in the world on the back of a dozen straight wins which has encompassed a Grand Slam, Ireland will be studied and targeted like never before in their history, beginning with their old mate from their Leinster days, Michael Cheika, in readiness for this summer's three Test tour.
Much of what Ireland do well is predicated on the solid foundations laid at set-piece and particularly breakdown time, and it would be no surprise to see a twin openside attack on Ireland's recycling excellence, comprising Michael Hooper and David Pocock, in the summer.
Having come up just short of a Test series win in South Africa in June 2016, targeting one away to Australia – or any of the big three Southern Hemisphere sides – for the first time since 1979 looks a natural next target for this Irish squad.
Hence, there has been no talk of resting Irish Lions from next June's tour, even though there looks to be a strong case for giving Johnny Sexton and Rory Best a break with the November home series, featuring a game against New Zealand, the retention of their Six Nations title and the World Cup in Japan next year.
World-class trio
Sexton, Tadhg Furlong and Conor Murray are a world-class trio who would all be hard to replace, and so Ireland need to invest in the back-up between now and the World Cup. One could possibly add Best, for their leadership, and Rob Kearney in current form given Simon Zebo's impending departure to Racing.
Otherwise, Ireland are developing strength-in-depth the like of which has never been seen before. There are three quality operators at loosehead and emerging options at hooker and tighthead. The stock of locks, which not so long ago looked relatively bare, is set to be further bolstered by Tadhg Beirne and Jean Kleyn.
Leinster and Munster have a conveyor belt of backrowers and far from being the barren dessert we feared post Brian O'Driscoll and Gordon D'Arcy, midfield is plentiful, witness three standout ‘13s' in successive games.
In all of this, a nod of thanks too to the the Leinster schools/academy/Irish Under-20 production line. Jacob Stockdale, James Ryan and Andrew Porter were all in the Under-20 team which beat New Zealand en route to the World Cup final less than two years ago. They expect to be winners and so far, that's all they know for Ireland.
Ryan made their Test debut for Ireland before making their Leinster debut. The system is producing readymade internationals virtually straight out of the Under-20s.
Heady days indeed.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The Canadian Press
VICTORIA - British Columbia's Liberal leadership race is expected to expand to eight candidates, with former transportation minister Todd Stone poised to enter the contest.
The Kamloops-South Thompson member of the legislature has scheduled three campaign-style events Tuesday stopping in Surrey, Victoria and finishing the day with an event at Thompson Rivers University in their hometown of Kamloops.
An email from former Liberal cabinet minister Peter Fassbender says B.C. needs a fresh vision to keep the province on track and Stone will make a special announcement about the Liberals party's future.
Stone released a YouTube video in September saying they were considering whether to run, then added that if they were to be leader, the B.C. Liberal Party would not accept the taxpayer subsidies that are being proposed by the minority New Democrats.
Former Surrey mayor Dianne Watts announced their intentions for the party's top job last month, along with 38-year-old Terrace business person Lucy Sager and five current provincial Liberal politicians, Sam Sullivan, Mike Bernier, Andrew Wilkinson, Mike de Jong and Michael Lee.
The first of six candidate debates is set for Oct. 15 in Surrey, with party members electing a new leader to replace former premier Christy Clark in early February.
Adam Michael Gargano, was born June 19, 2017, at 10:40 pm at the University of Utah in SLC. Adam weighed 8 lbs and was 20 inches long.
Their proud parents, Marcie and Ryan Gargano welcomed them into the world.
Congratulations!
Birth announcements are a free service provided by BRC Family Hearing Solutions.
Submit your recent birth announcements here.
Although scientists have been able to levitate specific types of material, a pair of UChicago undergraduate physics students helped take the science to a new level.
Third-year Frankie Fung and fourth-year Mykhaylo Usatyuk led a team of UChicago researchers who demonstrated how to levitate a variety of objects—ceramic and polyethylene spheres, glass bubbles, ice particles, lint strands and thistle seeds—between a warm plate and a cold plate in a vacuum chamber.
“They made lots of intriguing observations that blew my mind,” said Cheng Chin, professor of physics, whose ultracold lab in the Gordon Center for Integrative Science was home to the experiments.
Fourth-year Mykhaylo Usatyuk (left) and third-year Frankie Fung. Photo by Jean Lachat download
In their work, researchers achieved a number of levitation breakthroughs, in terms of duration, orientation and method: The levitation lasted for more than an hour, as opposed to a few minutes; stability was achieved radially and vertically, as opposed to just vertically; and it used a temperature gradient rather than light or a magnetic field. Their findings appeared Jan. 20 in Applied Physics Letters.
“Magnetic levitation only works on magnetic particles, and optical levitation only works on objects that can be polarized by light, but with our first-of-its-kind method, we demonstrate a method to levitate generic objects,” said Chin.
In the experiment, the bottom copper plate was kept at room temperature while a stainless steel cylinder filled with liquid nitrogen kept at negative 300 degrees Fahrenheit served as the top plate. The upward flow of heat from the warm to the cold plate kept the particles suspended indefinitely.
“The large temperature gradient leads to a force that balances gravity and results in stable levitation,” said Fung, the study's lead author. “We managed to quantify the thermophoretic force and found reasonable agreement with what is predicted by theory. This will allow us to explore the possibilities of levitating different types of objects.” (Thermophoresis refers to the movement of particles by means of a temperature gradient.)
“Our increased understanding of the thermophoretic force will help us investigate the interactions and binding affinities between the particles we observed,” said Usatyuk, a study co-author. “We are excited about the future research directions we can follow with our system.”
The key to obtaining high levitation stability is the geometrical design of the two plates. A proper ratio of their sizes and vertical spacing allows the warm air to flow around and efficiently capture the levitated objects when they drift away from the center. Another sensitivity factor is that the thermal gradient needs to be pointing upward—even a misalignment of one degree will greatly reduce the levitation stability.
“Only within a narrow range of pressure, temperature gradient and plate geometric factors can we reach stable and long levitation,” Chin said. “Different particles also require fine adjustment of the parameters.”
The apparatus offers a new ground-based platform to investigate the dynamics of astrophysical, chemical and biological systems in a microgravity environment, according to the researchers.
Researchers achieved levitation of lint among other particles (courtesy of Chin Lab).
Levitation of macroscopic particles in a vacuum is of particular interest due to its wide applications in space, atmospheric and astro-chemical research. And thermophoresis has been utilized in aerosol thermal precipitators, nuclear reactor safety and the manufacturing of optical fibers through vacuum deposition processes, which apply progressive layers of atoms or molecules during fabrication.
The new method is significant because it offers a new approach to manipulating small objects without contacting or contaminating them, said Thomas Witten, the Homer J. Livingston Professor Emeritus of Physics. “It offers new avenues for mass assembly of tiny parts for micro-electro-mechanical systems, for example, and to measure small forces within such systems.
“Also, it forces us to re-examine how ‘driven gases,' such as gases driven by heat flow, can differ from ordinary gases,” they added. “Driven gases hold promise to create new forms of interaction between suspended particles.”
Levitation of materials in ground-based experiments provides an ideal platform for the study of particle dynamics and interactions in a pristine isolated environment, the paper concluded. Chin's lab is now looking at how to levitate macroscopic substances greater than a centimeter in size, as well as how these objects interact or aggregate in a weightless environment. “There are ample research opportunities to which our talented undergraduate students can contribute,” Chin said.
Citation: “Stable thermophoretic trapping of generic particles at low pressures,” by Frankie Fung, Mykhaylo Usatyuk, B. J. DeSalvo and Cheng Chin in Applied Physics Letters, Jan. 20, 2017. DOI 10.1063/1.4974489
Funding: National Science Foundation, Grainger Foundation and Enrico Fermi Institute.
Supporters descend on campus to celebrate opening of $6 million complex and expansion of engineering program
With the symbolic cutting of the ribbon, Virgil Elings officially opened the Elings Center for Engineering Education on Saturday afternoon during a public ceremony at Dos Pueblos High School.
“We are so thrilled to be opening the Elings Center for Engineering Education for it to accommodate the expanding Dos Pueblos High School Engineering Academy,” said Shawn Carey, Dos Pueblos' principal.
The building, built with state-matching funds and $3 million in private donations, including a $1 million donation by Elings, will be the new home to the nationally recognized Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy.
“This year the academy was able to enroll 108 first-year students as opposed to only 32 in the past,” said Amir Abo-Shaeer, the academy's director. “As the increased enrollment continues, within four years, the new building will allow the academy to serve over 400 students, as opposed to the 128 we were able to serve.”
Hundreds of students, families, supporters and Santa Barbara Unified School District personnel joined Elings for the opening ceremony. After the ribbon was cut, the participants were invited inside to view the building, which took $6 million and years of effort to produce.
“Projects are different, projects have an end,” said Elings, founder of Digital Instruments. “Things can go wrong, things don't go wrong and you really learn a lot more.”
The building, built by Frank Schipper Construction Co., has taken a little over a year to complete.
Inside is a machine shop, a prototype room, the Raytheon Engineering Laboratory, the Change Happens Meeting Room, the Lindsey Rose Mechanical Engineering Classroom and the computer classroom.
There are numerous lathes and mills for the machine room and new computers for the computer room. The expansive building will allow for future students to be a part of the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy experience.
“The new facility is not only expressly designed for the needs of the academy students, but will allow us to extend the benefits of the academy experience to more than 400 students over the next four years,” Carey said.
As a result of the new building's greater size, the unique hands-on experience that the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy provides will be able to affect more students' lives than it has in the past. The project-based learning philosophy that the academy believes in will revolutionize education, officials say.
“We are replacing what I consider to be the traditional educational practice where students have a vast amount of information to memorize, most of it completely unrelated to the world in which they live, and replacing that with excellence, rigor, relevance and project-based learning here at the Engineering Academy,” said Santa Barbara schools Superintendent David Cash.
Abo-Shaeer summed up their thoughts.
“So now we begin the next chapter in this, which is really to take what we've got here in this facility and reforming transforming education and doing it here,” they said.
Click here for more information on the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy. Click here to make an online donation to the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy Foundation.
— Alanna Kjoller is a student at Dos Pueblos High School and a staff writer for The Charger Account. Connect with The Charger Account on Facebook. Follow The Charger Account on Twitter: @ChargerAccount. This article is republished with permission.
WASHINGTON — The rapid advance of North Korea's intercontinental ballistic missile program has prompted questions about whether Kim Jong-un's regime obtained Soviet-designed rocket engines illicitly from Ukraine or Russia.
The liquid-propellant rocket engines North Korea has been using in recent tests resemble the RD-250 and were probably acquired through illicit channels originating in Ukraine or Russia, where the complex rocket engine was designed, a report from the International Institute for Strategic Studies said Monday.
Michael Elleman, author of the report, said the single combustion-chamber version of the RD-250 rocket engine that resembles what the North Koreans are testing likely traces back to Ukraine's Yuzhnoye State Design Office or Russia's Energomash, two state defense companies involved in designing the engine in the past. Both defense contractors played critical roles in the Soviet Union's ballistic missile program.
“The actual sourcing to me is still an open question,” Elleman, a missile expert, said in an interview. They said it was unlikely that either the Ukrainian or Russian governments had any knowledge about a rocket engine sale to North Korea and posited that Kim's regime somehow obtained the engines through illicit networks.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Merck CEO quits Trump advisory council in ‘stance against intolerance and extremism'
Airlines dial up pampering for business class.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands Police has mounted more than 1,000 firearm operations since April and has been handed 118 items in a gun surrender launched just two weeks ago.
Chief Constable David Thompson said the activity of the force's armed officers has increased in response to a spate of shootings in Birmingham during the summer.
They also said a gun surrender had already removed dozens of weapons from the streets.
The force also launched its gun surrender in September - less than 24 hours after Mekel Sterling, 34, was gunned down in Hockley's Great Hampton Row last month. It was the seventh fatal gun attack in the West Midlands in just two years.
Since the surrender was launched the force has received 118 items, including 28 imitation firearms, 37 lethal weapons, a number of deactivated weapons and a quantity of ammunition.
Chief Constable Thompson, speaking at a Police and Crime Board meeting, said: “From April this year we have completed 1.054 armed operations. They generally run at about 170, or so a month.
“The ones based on intelligence have increased, particularly because of the work we have been doing to try and increase intelligence collection.
“It has increased so far this year, particularly in the summer periods.”
Speaking about the decision to bring the surrender forward they said: “There will be a national surrender this year, but we decided in light of the threats we have been facing that we would bring that forward.
“By the end of last week there were 118 items, which has included 28 imitation firearms and 37 lethal weapons. There have also been a number of deactivated weapons and a quantity of ammunition.
“The frequency and use of firearms in tight geographic areas can seriously undermine the community confidence in policing and the general security.
“Because these incidents involve firearms it can also directly impact on people's willingness to share information.
“I would urge people to contact us directly or through Crimestoppers anonymously. We don't need huge amounts of information from the public, but if people do know where firearms are that always helps us.
“The amount of resource and energy that is applied to combat this problem is considerable.”
Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson said: “West Midlands Police are getting dangerous weapons off our streets and protecting communities from the scourge of violence.
“The gun surrender means that there are now more than 140 fewer weapons in the West Midlands.
“Every gun handed-in potentially is a life saved.
“If anyone out there has a weapon - or knows someone who does get in touch with West Midlands Police, it may be the best decision you ever make.”
Meanwhile, police have arrested three people for firearms offences as part of a major crackdown on gun crime in Birmingham.
The initiative − codenamed Project Yawbridge − has also seen numerous warrants executed and more than 60 weapons seized.
Police say drugs warrants have been executed in the Bordesley Green area targeting known drug dealers. Drugs and cash have been seized from several addresses and a BB gun was uncovered hidden in a loft space.
A number of people have been arrested and released pending further investigation and enquiries are on-going.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
A firearm and drugs were also discovered following a search at a house in Lozells. And another firearm was recovered from an address in Winson Green recently.
Police ‘lockdowns' have also taken place in areas affected by violent crime as large numbers of officers, including armed officers, flooded areas and utilised stop and search powers.
Detective Chief Inspector Colin Mattinson from Force CID, said: “Our continued focused activity has been a real success. Our activity has seen us recover a number of weapons and drugs from our streets. We've also made some key arrests.
“Project Yawbridge also focuses on disrupting organised crime groups, taking away their weapons and getting them punished for their criminal activities.
“In addition we recently secured landmark court injunctions to break up a large Birmingham crime gang network. We have other work planned too and have officers working around the clock to close-in on gangs who bring fear to our communities.”
One of the nation's fastest-growing mortgage firms has bought a black-owned bank in Danville, Va.
Movement Mortgage in Charlotte, N.C., confirmed Wednesday it had recapitalized the $29 million-asset First State Bank for an undisclosed amount.
by Eric Mullens WALSENBURG — Former Huerfano County Sheriff's Captain Kevin Vallejos appeared in district court in Walsenburg Wednesday, September 27 for a motions hearing connected with an attempted sexual assault allegation made against them in 2016. As the case has been sealed by the court since it was first filed, it was disclosed to
COLUMBUS, Ind. -- A 7-year-old Columbus girl was treated for the flu and scarlet fever before their death, according to the coroner.
Bartholomew County Coroner Clayton Nolting said Savanna Jessie was found unresponsive in their home Thursday morning and rushed to Columbus Regional Hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Nolting said the child was being treated after testing positive for influenza B, strep throat and scarlet fever.
An autopsy will be performed by a forensic pathologist to determine their exact cause of death.
Nolting says a final ruling on their cause of death is pending review of medical records, toxicology and histology reports and could take up to three weeks.
According to a YouCaring page set up for the family, Savanna leaves behind their father, mother and several siblings.
"Savanna was a beautiful, funny, loving little girl. They had a very wonderful and tight-knit family," page organizer Linda Schadenfroh posted. "She was not the type to complain about the things they didn't have or what others did have. Savanna valued everything they had. They were a fly by the seat of the pants kind of girl. They loved everybody and everybody loved her."
Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation released a statement Friday afternoon saying a first grader at CSA Lincoln Elementary School had died.
You can read their full statement and information to parents below.
Dublin's developers are sitting on planning permission for more than 25,000 houses and apartments, new figures compiled by the four Dublin local authorities show.
The figures from the Dublin housing supply taskforce, to be published by the Department of Housing on Thursday, show that at the end of the first quarter of the year 3,724 houses and 3,629 apartments were under construction across the capital but planning permission for 25,053 homes remained unused. Almost two-third of the permitted but unbuilt homes are apartments.
Despite the strong recovery in Dublin property prices, the Construction Industry Federation said many schemes that had been granted permission remained “unviable” and developers were likely to hold off on construction of apartments until the Minister for Housing published new height guidelines.
The total number of houses and apartments under construction did increase by 27 per cent from 5,800 in the first quarter of last year to 7,353 at the same time this year. There was also an increase in the number of “active” building sites from 151 in the first quarter of 2017 to 173 this year.
‘Relatively positive'
The department describes the figures in relation to extant planning permissions as “relatively positive” with fewer houses waiting to be built than in the same period last year. However the number of homes completed remains low, with 183 houses finished in the first three months of the year, and just 65 apartments all of which were in the South Dublin County Council area.
In addition to the unbuilt homes which have planning permission, 47,312 houses and apartments could be built of land which is ready for development, without the requirement for any infrastructural investment. Another 29,272 homes could be built on land which is waiting for State investment in infrastructure, while 24,380 homes could be built on sites which are dependent on investment by Irish Water.
Hubert Fitzpatrick, director of housing and planning with the Construction Industry Federation, said a grant of planning permission does not mean development is feasible.
Viability
“Planning permission doesn't imply viability and many sites are still unviable, where the costs aren't meeting the market value. In each case the local market will have to be assessed and, particularly for apartments in some cases it won't be possible to proceed.”
Many planning permissions for apartments would also be defunct once Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy issues new guidelines allowing the construction of taller apartment blocks, Mr Fitzpatrick said.
“We are still waiting for the Minister to issue guidelines on height. We do expect them in the next few weeks, but it will be inevitable that people will look again at their sites and may go back to change, or seek new planning permission.”
A spokesperson for the department said the guidelines would be issued shortly.
This story is about Published 1h
How this year's Horned Frogs are mirroring TCU's breakout 2014 season Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Brody Schmidt/AP FILE - In this Sept. 23, 2017, file photo, TCU players celebrate in the end zone of Boone Pickens Stadium in Stillwater, Okla., Saturday, Sept. 23, 2017. TCU defeated Oklahoma State 44-31. TCU faces West Virginia this week; both teams are in the Top 25. (AP Photo/Brody Schmidt, File)
By Chuck Carlton , Staff Writer Contact Chuck Carlton on Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
FORT WORTH -- For the moment, TCU coach Gary Patterson is focused only on Saturday's showdown with West Virginia and getting to six wins for bowl eligibility. Any comparisons between this current team and its 2014 predecessor that finished 12-1 and shared the Big 12 title can wait, probably for a long while given Patterson's personality. They don't want to add unnecessarily to the pressure on their players. "I haven't," Patterson said this week when asked about the similarities to 2014. "Different kids, different people, different time." All true. That said, there are plenty of interesting parallels to the 2014 breakout season and what TCU is doing this season.
'This man is a genius': How TCU climbed back into the Big 12's elite with Gary Patterson's defensive mind
Then as now, TCU (4-0, 1-0 Big 12) was coming off a rare losing season under Patterson and doubts about where the Horned Frogs stood in the Big 12 hierarchy. Then as now, you had quarterbacks seeking redemption. In 2014, a lot of people thought Trevone Boykin was better suited to playing wide receiver before they posted big numbers in the new Air Raid offense. This season, Kenny Hill began with as many skeptics as backers. Then as now, TCU had a big win to open Big 12 play that catapulted the team into the national discussion and the AP Top 10. Coming off a four-win season in 2013, the Horned Frogs upset No. 4 Oklahoma 37-33. Two weeks ago, TCU stunned No. 6 Oklahoma State 44-31 on the road in Stillwater, where it hadn't won since 1991. Not everything is a perfect match. The 2014 team was much more pass-oriented than the current balanced attack. "They're doing it differently," Patterson said. Even Patterson acknowledged one trait in common, something shared by most of their top teams at TCU. "They both have a toughness to 'em," Patterson said. "I said that going into the season. I thought this group did. I think they're mature. I thought they liked each other." This team is also trying to fill in the pyramid of team goals that Patterson has prominently displayed every year as the head coach and something popularized by UCLA basketball legend John Wooden. While the base is filled solidly in purple, the Oklahoma State victory was represented only by a sliver -- a signal by Patterson of unfinished business.
TCU prediction: Will West Virginia spoil the Horned Frogs' perfect start?
"It just shows that it was an important game," safety Niko Small said, "but it was also just a slice of what we need to fully accomplish. It's a whole pyramid. Just winning one part of it, or not building a foundation, it could crumble. "It was an important game, it was a big game, but it's also just another game." Another big game looms now. No. 23 West Virginia (3-1, 1-0) brings the nation's second-ranked offense with quarterback Will Grier and probably would be undefeated if not for key penalties in an opening loss to Virginia Tech. ESPN's College GameDay is going to be in the house, guaranteeing more attention for the game -- even though TCU coaches and players will miss most of the pregame buildup by staying in a hotel Friday night. "You want to make sure you play well on a big stage," Patterson said. "If it's games you're supposed to win, then big games take care of themselves. I think this is a big game. They don't need any added incentive or pressure from me. I just need to get them ready."
Minister for the Marine Michael Creed has accused Opposition parties of “acting recklessly” after a Dáil vote to cancel out legislation on penalty points for serious fishing offences.
A Fianna Fáil motion annulling the statutory instrument and calling for a fairer penalty points system was carried by 80 votes to 54 on Tuesday.
The motion, proposed by Leas-Cheann Comhairle and Fianna Fáil marine spokesperson Pat “The Cope” Gallagher, was supported by Labour, Sinn Féin and a number of Independent TDs. The Social Democrats, Green Party and seven Independents, including Cabinet members Denis Naughten and Shane Ross, voted with Fine Gael.
Four fishing industry organisations have welcomed the vote outcome, stating they are in favour of a penalty points system that allows for appeal to the courts.
The Irish Fish Producer's Organisation, the Killybegs Fishermen's Organisation, the Irish South and West and the Irish South and East Fish Producers' organisations said a High Court ruling in 2014, upheld by the Supreme Court, had found the current legislation to be unconstitutional in not allowing for fair procedures.
No alternative
Mr Creed said they were “extremely disappointed” that a number of parties and Independent TDs had taken “this unprecedented step” , and said that to date no party had put forward an alternative legislative proposal.
They said they had offered briefings and consultations as far back as November 2017.
Mr Creed noted that Ireland faces EU fines for noncompliance with penalty points, introduced as part of an EU-wide system within the Common Fisheries Policy. They noted that a letter of formal notice of infringement proceedings was issued by the European Commission on May 17th.
Mr Gallagher expressed delight at the vote outcome, and said the current legislation “focused too much power with the Sea Fisheries Protection Authority” and gave it a “domineering role in the various processes”.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:18 Mud, rock blocked the roads. So engineers hiked 14 miles to fix water pipes for Montecito Pause 1:17 The moment a 12-year-old Redding boy was recognized by the present in State of the Union address 0:37 Fuel tanker engulfed in flames after head-on crash 1:10 How to make a better pizza at home 1:14 Time-lapse video: What the super blue blood moon looked like from Modesto 0:52 Californians capture the super blue blood moon 2:19 San Joaquin River restoration program is showing signs that salmon are returning 0:29 Rent control fight comes to Sacramento 0:17 This sea of fog over Lake Tahoe looks like ocean waves 0:39 Watch bear descend tree in El Dorado County, disregard deputy's order Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Crews from the City and County of San Luis Obispo were called on to help Montecito with a broken water pipe after the deadly mudslides and floods. After arriving, they discovered they had to hike 14 miles in the backcountry, where they discovered two massive breaks. John Diodati, SLO County interim director of Public Works, talks about the hurdles they overcame and shares pictures from the repair efforts. David Middlecamp The Tribune
Crews from the City and County of San Luis Obispo were called on to help Montecito with a broken water pipe after the deadly mudslides and floods. After arriving, they discovered they had to hike 14 miles in the backcountry, where they discovered two massive breaks. John Diodati, SLO County interim director of Public Works, talks about the hurdles they overcame and shares pictures from the repair efforts. David Middlecamp The Tribune
In another tough matchup for the Nocona Lady Indians, they came up just a bit short at home against Jacksboro on Tuesday.
The Lady Indians wanted to further shake up the district standings against a one loss Jacksboro team that just gave Bowie their first loss the previous game. They just ran out of juice in the end to lose 53-47.
Nocona came out early and was able to jump on Jacksboro 14-6 in the first quarter with their fast pace and a few 3s. Jacksboro has a size advantage on every team in the district so early on the Lady Indians played a packed in zone defense instead of their normal press.
This left room for Jacksboro shooters, but early they were not knocking shots from the perimeter.
Nocona's offense kept up the good pace and shooting in the second quarter, making three 3's to take a 29-19 lead into halftime. Jacksboro was able to get a little bit more of the offense going by force as they were frustrated by the tight zone. They did make one 3 to break the ice and set the tone for the second half.
The third quarter slowed down to a crawl as both teams struggled offensively. It was the type of game that favored Jacksboro as they cut into the lead. The Lady Indians still led 33-28 heading into the fourth quarter, but trouble was on the horizon.
To read more, pick up a copy of the weekend edition of the Bowie News.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A judge has set a trial date for a student accused of threatening Coral Gables Senior High School.
The parents of David Fernandez, along with their attorney, were in court Wednesday morning. Fernandez was not present.
A judge set the trial date for sometime in July, while the teen will remain in jail.
Fernandez was arrested Tuesday after they allegedly created a fake email account under a classmate's name. They then posted threats against Coral Gables Senior High.
Fernandez has been charged with false reporting concerning planting a bomb.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Market Highlights:
Market Research Future (MRFR) Announces the Publication of its Half Cooked Research Report – Super capacitor Market 2016-2022.
The Super Capacitor Market is growing rapidly. Increased demand in smart gadgets, increased demand for power backup for low power equipments such as RAM, SRAM, and microcontrollers are driving the super capacitor market. The Super capacitor market is globally emerging across world. New opportunities from hybrid electric vehicles (HEV), smart grids, and renewable energy systems are the factors accelerating the super capacitor market.
The study reveals that the increasing costs of fossil fuels and the dangerous impact of rising carbon emissions are compelling several consumer electronics manufacturers and automobile makers to adopt new alternative power supplies which has resulted in a trend of using hybrid energy sources in the near future which is responsible for growth the super capacitor market by the forecast period. The study indicates that the future electronics has a full super capacitor selection from several manufacturers that can be used for a super capacitor battery or for any other super capacitor applications. The high costs of new materials used in super capacitor is the major restraining factor for the super capacitor market.
Request a Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2548
The study indicates that new development and research is still going on in the field of super capacitors to increase the capability. Recent news shared that researchers in Australia have developed a new type of electrode that radically increases the energy storage capacity of super capacitors and could lead to flexible, thin film self-contained solar capture and storage devices.
According to Market Research Future Analysis, Global Super capacitor Market has been valued at US $ ~4 Billion by the end of forecast period with ~22% of CAGR during forecast period 2016 to 2022.
Major Key Players:
Market Research Future (MRFR) recognizes the following companies as the key players in the Super capacitor Market: – Panasonic Corporation (Japan), Ioxus (U.S.), CAP-XX (Australia), Angstron Materials (U.S.), Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), LS Ultracapacitor (South Korea), Graphenex (UK), Vina Technology (South Korea), Nesscap Energy Inc. (Canada) among others.
Segments:
The global super capacitor market has been segmented on the basis of type, material, application, end-user and region.
Super capacitor by Type:
Double layer capacitor
Pseudo capacitor
Hybrid capacitor
Super capacitor by Material:
Electrodes
Activated carbon
Activated carbon fibres
Carbon aerogel
Carbide-derived carbon
Graphene
Metal oxides
Others
Super capacitor by Application:
Audio system
Camera
Solar Watch
Laptop
Aircraft
Others
Super capacitor by End-user:
Consumer Electronics
Automotive
Manufacturing
Aerospace & Defense
Healthcare
Others
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of Super capacitor Market is being studied for region such as Asia pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. The study indicates that Asia-Pacific is dominating the super capacitor market with the highest market share. Asia – Pacific countries like China, South Korea, Singapore, Australia and Japan are ahead in the in Super capacitor market due to increasing penetration of high-tech devices, increased installation of energy storage systems, introduction to hybrid transportation and many more. The study predicts Asia-Pacific would be the fastest growing region in the super capacitor market.
Access Report Details @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/super-capacitor-market-2548
Intended Audience
System Integrators
Super capacitor Panel Technicians and Technologist
Network equipment vendors
OEMs
Super capacitor vendors
Network infrastructure integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Commenting on the report, an analyst from Market Research Future (MRFR)'s team said:
By Type segment, the double layer super capacitor is the major contributor to the Super capacitor Market. The study indicates that by combining a battery with a super capacitor creates an electric vehicle battery which is long lasting, more powerful and less expensive than other technologies. The rechargeable electricity energy system in hybrid and electric vehicles uses super capacitors as its storage system. Super capacitors are also used in self-powered equipment that can be powered by humans. Considering the end user segment the automotive sector is expected to grow significantly in super capacitor market by the forecast period.
By Region, Asia-Pacific region has been leading the super capacitor market. Many factors such as innovation, large consumer electronics base have credited to developments of Super capacitor market in Asia-Pacific region. It has been observed that Asia-Pacific countries like China, South Korea, Singapore, Australia and Japan would enhance the super capacitor market by the forecast period. It has been in observed that Asia-Pacific government is taking initiatives for developing hybrid transportation which has resulted in the growth of super capacitor market.
For the purpose of this study, the global Super capacitor market has been segmented on the basis of equipment and end user industries. The report on Super capacitor contains detailed analysis with market size of each segment.
The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors.
List Of Table
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Research Network Solution
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
2.4 Forecast Model
2.4.1 Market Data Collection, Analysis & Forecast
2.4.2 Market Size Estimation
Continue…
List of Tables
Table 1 Super Capacitor Market, By Type
Table 2 Super Capacitor Market, By Material
Table 3 Super Capacitor Market, By Application
Continue…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Network Solution
Figure 2 Super Capacitor Market: By Type (%)
Figure 3 Super Capacitor Market: By Material (%)
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The construction fencing outside the Lobero Theatre is temporarily hiding a major upgrade to enhance the audience experience inside the Santa Barbara landmark.
The $7 million, six-month project involves replacing worn-out seats, installing air conditioning and ventilation, restoring the ceiling and adding bigger restrooms. The new seats will look almost identical to the old ones, but they're wider and offer more legroom.
“The whole idea of the Encore Lobero campaign is ‘art is comfort,'” executive director David Asbell said of the fundraising effort.
“We've spent a lot of money making the building safe and improving all the technical abilities. Now it's time to put some money into the audience.”
The oldest, continuously operated theater in California, the Lobero originally was built in 1873 by an Italian immigrant named Jose Lobero. After they died in 1922, a group of civic leaders raised enough money to rebuild it in 1924 at 33 E. Canon Perdido.
The theater survived the 1925 earthquake that destroyed much of Santa Barbara, and it ended up serving as a shelter for people who had lost their homes.
Lobero development director Jim Dougherty has spent the past two years fundraising. They said $2 million was contributed by Lobero board members, $2.5 million came from local foundations and the rest of the funds are individual donations.
“We have a remarkable community,” Dougherty said. “We have a good base of people who have supported the theater for many years.”
Dougherty said it probably would have cost less to tear down the theater and build something new and contemporary.
“But you'd lose something,” they said. “The memories of the past give you a sense of the importance of history and what it means to people.”
Looking back, Asbell noted that the theater has hosted thousands of great performers in music, theater and dance from all over the world.
“It's central to the cultural community of Santa Barbara and we want to preserve that as long as possible,” they said. “It's a beautiful building (and) there's this great feeling of tradition and energy about this place.”
The Lobero will reopen in December, and Dougherty said visitors can expect the same atmosphere and intimate feeling that the theater has always had. The main differences will be a few less seats — 610, down from 680 — along with larger restrooms and a pleasant temperature regardless of the season.
Click here for more information on the Lobero Theatre, or call the Lobero Theatre Foundation at 805.966.4946. Click here to make an online donation.
— Noozhawk intern Linda Sturesson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
(David Bazemore video)
CASPER – The Wyoming Game and Fish Department welcomes new game warden Austin Swingholm to the Casper Region.
Swingholm grew up in Casper and earned their associate degree in wildlife management from Casper College and graduated from the University of Wyoming with a Bachelor of Science in biology. Austin began working for Game and Fish in 2013 as a technician for the Access Yes Program before being hired as a game warden. Swingholm completed the 13-week course at the Wyoming Law Enforcement Academy in April of this year.
“I grew up hunting and fishing and learned at an early age how important management and conservation is to ensure the future of Wyoming's unique wildlife. I am very fortunate to be able to begin my career in my hometown, and I look forward to working with the great people of Wyoming,” states Swingholm.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
“Austin brings a wealth of knowledge with them since they grew up in this area. They spend their free time hunting and fishing, and we are thrilled to have them as a new warden training in Casper,” says Casper Regional Wildlife Supervisor Brian Olsen. “Austin is excited to meet new people, provide assistance to the public and be involved in the many communities around the Casper Region. We encourage people to get to know Austin and share in their excitement for the job and wildlife.”
As a game warden in the Casper Region, Swingholm will spend time doing boating safety on local reservoirs, as well as working with fish and wildlife from Pathfinder all the way to the Black Hills. They will be stationed at the Casper Regional Office of the Game and Fish and can be reached by calling (307)473-3400.
HOLLYWOOD, FLA. (WSVN) - Traffic backups could be seen for miles in the southbound lanes of Interstate 95 after a crash blocked off several lanes.
The crash involved at least two vehicles in the southbound express lanes on I-95, near Sheridan Street in Hollywood, Wednesday afternoon.
Florida Highway Patrol troopers and fire rescue responded to the scene and have also blocked some of the general purpose lanes.
No word on any injuries as yet.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Secretary-General of Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF), Chimezie Asiegbu, on Monday said the just-concluded National Divisions 1 and 2 Leagues held in Ilorin, Kwara State were illegal.
Asiegbu said the recent letter by the Federation of International Basketball Associations (FIBA) advising that fresh election be conducted into the NBBF board has nullified the championships.
They stated that the NBBF has already reported the Tijani Umar-led group to the Federal Ministry of Youths and Sports for organising an illegal competition.
“Of course, the latest decision by FIBA will affect the so-called league. It is illegal for them to organise any competition on behalf of the NBBF.
“In the letter FIBA wrote to us in July 2017, it was clearly spelt out that all basketball-related organisational issues should be handled by the Kida-led NBBF,” they said.
The NBBF which has Asiegbu as its Secretary-General is being run by the NBBF group led by Musa Kida, while Umar leads the other NBBF faction.
FIBA had on March 15, in a letter by its Secretary-General, Patrick Bauman, called for fresh elections into the NBBF board as the only way to resolve the body's ongoing crisis.
The Umar-led NBBF board has since then assured that it would continue with its activities in view of the FIBA decision.
Umar had stated that since FIBA did not recognise either of the elections held last June and, pending fresh election, their board would continue with its activities.
Their group was by then holding the National Divisions 1 and 2 Championships in Ilorin.
The championships had ended on Sunday in Ilorin, with the Abuja All Stars and Showtime Hoopers winning the Division 1 and Division 2 leagues respectively.
Regarding preparations for the XX1 Commonwealth Games holding in Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, Asiegbu said Nigeria's national basketball team, D'Tigers, were ready for the event.
“Preparations for the Commonwealth Games are in top gear. The team is ready and players are in good shape. The team will depart on Friday for Australia and we have high expectations,” they said.(NAN)
The Kardashians continue to take on Washington! Like Kourtney Kardashian did in April, Kim Kardashian is expected to take on Washington D.C. today to discuss prison reform with White House officials, including senior adviser Jared Kushner, according to CNN and Vanity Fair.
It's unclear if Kim will meet with Donald Trump, like their husband, Kanye West, did, but they are prepared to ask officials to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, who is serving a life sentence for a single drug offense. So far, Alice has served 20 years in prison, but Kim hopes they can get them out.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While an important cause, people on Twitter are not happy about Kim going to the White House and possibly meeting with the president.
Kim Kardashian going to the White House to meet Mango Mussolini to discuss prison reform. pic.twitter.com/FAd1j6usN5 — Awesomely Luvvie (@Luvvie) May 30, 2018
BREAKING: Kim Kardashian is headed to the White House today to discuss Prison reform with Jared Kushner.
No, I'm not making this up.
Call me crazy, but perhaps ex-prisoners and prison guards should be discussing this, and not a Reality TV star... — Brian Krassenstein (@krassenstein) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kim Kardashian is not in any way knowledgeable about prison reform, and inviting them to the White House shows how this regime doesn't take this issue seriously at all.
This is just about a photo-op so they can excuse doing nothing. She's enabling white supremacy. — Sasha Fox (@third_sasha) May 30, 2018
Kim Kardashian to visit the White House to give guidance on prison reform.
In case it wasn't clear before, America is officially a reality show. — Simran Jeet Singh (@SikhProf) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Some even drew comparisons to how Beyoncé and Jay-Z were close to Barack Obama and Michelle Obama.
Honestly, I feel like Kanye and Kim Kardashian are riding Donald Trump's wave so hard only because The Obama's loved Beyonce and Jay so much and they were at EVERY event. Kim and Ye want to be Jay and Bey so bad! It's obvious — Masin Elijè (@MasinElije) May 30, 2018
This isn't the first time Kim has spoken out about prison reform. Last year, Kim enlisted their legal team to help ease the sentencing of 30-year-old Cyntoia Brown. Brown was charged for murder as an adult when they were 16-years-old after they killed the man who allegedly used them as a sex slave.
Ramaleela, starring Dileep in the lead role, had hit the theatres on September 28, 2017 as one among the four major Malayalam movie releases of the Pooja Season.
The highly anticipated film of Dileep, directed by debut film-maker Arun Gopi had opened on a positive note upon its release. The Dileep starrer fetched unanimously positive reviews with the film finally bagging the title of a perfect political thriller.
Ramaleela did get a dream run at the theatres with the movie overpowering all the other Malayalam movies, which released during the same time. Now, here is a major update regarding the movie. Rumours are abuzz that the Dileep starrer might soon be remade in Telugu.
Kalyan Ram Is Interested In A Remake? If reports are to be believed, popular Telugu actor and producer Kalyan Ram has expressed their keen interest on remaking the film in Telugu. Reportedly, a special screening of the film was held for some of the friends of Kalyan Ram.
No Official Confirmations Meanwhile, there hasn't been any official confirmation regarding the remake. Neither the makers of Ramaleela nor Kalyan Ram has made any official announcement regarding the same. If reports are to be believed, the project is only in the discussion stages.
Dileep Movies Getting Remade In Telugu Well, it is not for the first time that a Dileep starrer is getting a Telugu remake. In the past, Dileep's Bodyguard was remade in Telugu with the same name and featured Venkatesh in the lead role. Now, the Telugu remake of Dileep's Two Countries is gearing up to hit the theatres soon.
Ramaleela Box Office Ramaleela did get a sensational run at the box office. According to trade reports, the Dileep starrer went on to join the coveted 50-Crore club at the worldwide box office and emerged as one among the top grossing Malayalam movies of the year.
Ramaleela was produced by Tomichan Mulakupadam under the banner Mulakupadam films. The Dileep starrer also featured Prayaga Martin, Kalabhavan Shajon, Raadhika Sarathkumar, Siddique, Mukesh, Vijayaraghavan etc., in important roles.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Minnesota Supreme Court holds a public hearing Wednesday on whether it should make permanent a pilot project that has allowed news cameras in criminal courtrooms in limited circumstances.
Media groups say cameras promote transparency and public understanding of legal proceedings. But opponents, including the Minnesota State Bar Association, say cameras can make victims and witnesses reluctant to testify.
The court authorized the pilot project in 2015. It allows audio, video and still-photo coverage in criminal proceedings after the defendant is convicted or pleads guilty, such as sentencings.
Still prohibited are sexual assault and domestic violence cases, and statements by victims unless they consent. Cameras aren't allowed earlier during a criminal trial except in rare circumstances.
Minnesota also allows cameras in civil proceedings, with a long list of conditions.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Periodontics Dental Consumables Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143362/request-sample
Periodontics Dental Consumables market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Periodontics Dental Consumables Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Periodontics Dental Consumables industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Periodontics Dental Consumables Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Periodontics Dental Consumables market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-periodontics-dental-consumables-market-professional-survey-report-143362.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Periodontics Dental Consumables market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Periodontics Dental Consumables market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Periodontics Dental Consumables industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Periodontics Dental Consumables market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
Galway 4-21 Wexford 2-26
(after extra-time)
Galway, competing in their first Leinster U-21 championship, came from behind in the closing stages of extra-time to snatch the title.
Full-forward Sean Bleahene, who had come back on as a sub, was the hero as they pounced for a later winner.
Galway looked set for victory when they led by three points deep into stoppage time after 60 minutes but wing-back Ian Carthy found the net for Wexford to force extra-time.
The tempo of the game was hectic throughout but while Galway led by six points at one stage in the opening half, with Tomas Monaghan getting their opening goal, they trailed by 0-13 to 1-8 at the break.
Senior player Rory O'Connor led the way for Wexford and when corner-forward Seamus Casey found the net it helped them lead by 1-17 to 1-12 after 43 minutes.
But two goals in a minute from Kevin Cooney and Evan Niland got Galway back in contention but just when it seemed they were about to lift the crown, Carthy forced extra-time.
Wexford held and edge in extra-time but their hopes of an 18th Leinster title were thwarted when Bleahene struck at the death.
GALWAY: E Murphy; I O'Shea, J Fitzpatrick, S Bannon; J Grealish, F Burke (0-1) (c), M Hughes; T Monaghan (1-2), S Loftus (0-1); B Concannon (0-2), C Salmon, C Fahy (0-5, 1'65, 1f); E Niland (1-7, 7f), S Bleahene (1-0), K Cooney (1-2).
Subs: P Foley for Salmon (half-time), Conor Caulfield (0-1) for Hughes (41), Jack Canning for Bleahene (42), C Connor for Bannon (60), R Murphy for Concannon (66), M Lynch for Monaghan (75), S Bleahene for Niland (77).
Wexford: J Cushe; S Reck, D Byrne, I Carthy (1-0); A Maddock, D Reck, G Molloy (0-1); C Firman (c), R White (0-2); J O'Connor (0-2), R O'Connor (0-7, 2f), L Stafford; S O'Gorman (0-2), R Higgins (0-1), S Casey (1-11, 9f).
Subs: M Dwyer for O'Gorman (52), O Foley in for Stafford (52), D Codd for White (56), S O'Gorman for Casey (66).
Referee: J O'Brien (Laois).
The speakers included Dr. Roger McGrath, president of the California State Military Museum and a former Marine officer and UCLA professor of history.
The Spirit of ‘76 Foundation in partnership with Sons of the American Revolution and the Santa Barbara Trust for Historic Preservation, held a Flag Day celebration Friday at El Presidio de Santa Barbara State Historic Park in Santa Barbara.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
This story is about Published 45m
10 things you might not know about Cowboys QB Dak Prescott, including why they skipped a Kanye show Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) is brought down by Baltimore Ravens outside linebacker Albert McClellan (right) and defensive end Timmy Jernigan during the first half of their game Sunday, November 20, 2016 in Arlington, Texas. (G.J. McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Here are 10 things you may not know about Dak Prescott:
1. They hold 38 school records at Mississippi State
Prescott was recruited out of Lousiana, but he's now a legend in Mississippi. During their career at Mississippi State, they set 15 career records, 15 season records and 8 game records, led their team to a No. 1 overall ranking in 2014 (the first ever for Miss. St.) and an Orange Bowl appearance. Safe to say they'll probably be putting up a Dak Prescott statue outside of Davis Wade Stadium in Starkville sometime in the future. 2. Their mom died of cancer during their sophomore season
From SportsDay's Brandon George: During Prescott's first season with significant playing time (2013), their mother Peggy Prescott passed away after a battle with cancer. Prescott was very close with their mother. Peggy worked long hours managing a truck stop -- the I-220 Travel Plaza near Louisiana Downs -- before rushing home to the Pine Creek Mobile Estates to cook dinner. They were a football mom. They rarely missed one of their son's practices or games. They often critiqued their sons' play, earning them the nickname of John Madden from their boys. Peggy even timed Dak's runs on their return trips home from college.
'Tony Romo wins and I win;' why you should bet on Cowboys' unapologetic mama's boy Dak Prescott
Entering their redshirt first-year student year at Mississippi State, Dak learned their mother had been diagnosed with Stage 4 colon cancer. Peggy chose not to tell them right away so that they didn't become a distraction. Prescott said they had known about the cancer for a month or two before they told him. "It was just the woman they are," Prescott said. "I think they were scared of how it was going to affect me. Obviously I wanted to go home and be with her, but their words were, 'No, you're not coming back here. You're right where you want to be and that's where I want you to be.' That obviously allowed me to go out there and clear my mind and just play ball." On Nov. 3, the day after Prescott threw three interceptions and fumbled in a loss to South Carolina, Mississippi State coaches and some of their wives called Prescott into the football complex. Prescott's father was on the phone. Their mother had died. Prescott flew home for the funeral but was back at practice by Wednesday. 3. Their most important text message
The most important text Cowboys QB Dak Prescott will send this week is to their mother
A few hours before Dak Prescott gets their NFL career underway, on the eve of fulfilling their dream to become the Cowboys starting quarterback, the loving son will find a quiet moment to do what they do before every game: text their mother. Peggy Prescott died in 2013 after a year-long battle with colon cancer. "Yeah, she'll definitely be getting a text Saturday night before going into the game Sunday," Prescott said. "Just reflecting. "I think that's the moment, yeah, I do look back and I kind of say to myself, 'See where I am in life.' Just all the way back coming from Haughton [Louisiana], all the obstacles I've had to overcome and the obstacles they had to overcome to put me in this position and everybody in my family. "It's exciting." 4. They skipped a Kanye show to prepare for a game
NYT Kanye West performs during the opening of their Saint Pablo Tour in Indianapolis, Aug. 25, 2016. The tour celebrates their still-evolving February album âThe Life of Pabloâ â which came to Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis on Thursday night. (AJ Mast/The New York Times) --
True story. Early on in the season, one of the companies Prescott endorses sent them tickets to Kanye West's St. Pablo Tour show at American Airlines Center. But after doing the math about when he'd finally get back home, they offered them onto a friend, according to Sports Illustrated's Pete Thamel. Instead, Dak stayed home flipping between games on TV. "I wanted to go a little bit," Prescott told him. "But I just think about the perception of it all. And I love my sleep." 5. Tony Romo tested this Cowboys fan's faith
On this Saturday, Sept. 12, 2015, file photo, Mississippi State quarterback Dak Prescott looks to pass against LSU during the first half of an NCAA college football game in Starkville, Miss. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis, File0
Prescott actually grew up a Cowboys fan. We think these tweets from 2012 (that have now been deleted) prove that pretty well. So how'd the tweet go over with Romo? Here's how SportsDay's Brandon George explained it: Prescott was asked about the tweet criticizing Romo on...his first day to practice at Valley Ranch to begin the club's three-day rookie minicamp. They said they knew it was coming and that they wouldn't be bringing it up to Romo. "I'm going to let them bring it up. I think it's funny," Prescott said. "I'm sure he'll think it's funny. I was a frustrated fan at the time. I'm sure you can go back and look at fans of Mississippi State and they may have said something similar at one point or another, so I was just being a fan and now he's my teammate and I'm behind them 100 percent."
6. They were randomly attacked during Spring Break 2014
After gaining notoriety with a spectacular 2014 season, Prescott was targeted by a group of people who said 'I don't like you, Prescott. I'm not going to fight you, I'm going to shoot you." From the story: A few minutes later the same men returned with a group of nearly 20 and surrounded Prescott and their friends in the parking lot. "I got a bullet with your name on it," one man said to Prescott. The men jumped Prescott and their friends. One assailant cracked Prescott in the face with a Hennessy bottle, sending them tumbling to the pavement. Others attacked Hicks and junior defensive lineman Torrey Dale and pinned Williams to the ground, where they were pounded on repeatedly. At one point Prescott leaned forward on their knees in the parking lot, their face looking down as they struggled to rise. An attacker lined up their right foot inches from Prescott's face and stomped them with the bottom of their sneaker. The force from the blow spun Prescott from a near crawling position to their backside. The men fled soon after, leaving Prescott bloody and so disoriented that they toppled over twice trying to get up. They finally stood, barefoot, wearing only a multicolored fluorescent bathing suit stained with blood. 7. They enjoy fishing
A Morning Well Spent Rippin' Lips #RipNLipsSpitNDips #LightBright #DontAskWhoCaughttheMost #WitnessedGreatnessfromTyler A photo posted by Dak Prescott (@_dak15) on Jun 10, 2015 at 9:58am PDT
Growing up in Lousiana, we're sure Prescott had plenty of opportunities to go fishing and it seems like they took advantage. There are a lot of pictures of them on their Instagram account fishing. They even skipped out on opportunities to make some endorsement money and appear on late-night TV in order to spend their bye week fishing and catching up with their grandma. We'll see if we see them out on one of the lakes the D-FW area in the next few years. 8. Their real first name is Rayne
And their nickname actually comes from their middle name Dakota. Rayne Dakota Prescott was born on July 29, 1993 in Sulphur, Louisiana to parents Nathaniel and the late Peggy Prescott.
9. Their dogs
Missing this Big Head Today #Legend #LegendTakesDallasSoon #IsHeCloseEnough - He's watching me play 2k A video posted by Dak Prescott (@_4dak) on Jun 29, 2016 at 4:53pm PDT
The dog above is a two-year-old pit bull named Legend. From Kate Hairopoulos: Prescott had a dog previously, a white lab that the Louisiana native eventually gave to a family friend. That dog's name? Tibeaux. Yep, in homage to quarterback Tim Tebow. For more dog pictures, click here.
10. He's a quick study
Cowboy quarterbacks coach Wade Wilson said Prescott learned the Cowboys' playbook faster than any rookie he's even seen, according to an article by Sports Illustrated's Pete Thamel. And even before the draft, they were impressing the coaches. When the 6' 2", 226-pound Prescott made their predraft visit to Dallas, coach Jason Garrett and coordinator Scott Linehan put them through the wringer, harassing them as they diagrammed plays. But little rattled Prescott. "I felt like Dak was enjoying it," says Linehan, "because it was football." In the end the Cowboys say they identified Prescott as having the highest football IQ of the seven visiting passers.
Also before the 2016 draft, Jon Gruden likened Prescott to former Eagles QB Donovan McNabb. Check out Prescott on Gruden's QB camp below:
Vice president of Marcus & Millichap says drone videos are hot in their industry
hello
An interview with Steven Weinstock, first vice president / regional manager / national director of National Land Group at Marcus & Millichap
Headquarters: Calabasas, California
Local company address: One Mid America Plaza, Suite 200, Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181
Industry: Commercial real estate investment sales
Annual sales: $14M (local office)
Number of employees: 60 (local office)
Website: marcusmillichap.com
Age: 53
Family information: Married 30-plus years to Lisa -- sons Nathan and Jeremy
Hometown: Detroit
Residence now: Chicago
Q: Describe your company.
A: We work with owners of commercial real estate, specifically income-producing properties, as they journey through the various phases of property ownership: selling, buying, holding or refinancing. We are a collaborative sales force each of whom specializes in a specific property type and geography.
Q: What's the hottest trend in your industry?
A: Drone videos. We are able to fly over a property and provide great visual perspectives for a potential client or buyer to experience. It used to be that we would use a 35 mm camera, then a digital camera, then our smartphones.
Now we engage someone to do that for us, freeing up our time while providing amazing results.
Q: Do you plan to hire any additional staff or make any significant capital investments in your company in the next year?
A: Yes, we're continually growing. We've added numerous new and experienced agents, agent assistants and office staff to our roster during 2017.
We recently completed a significant renovation of our offices including state-of-the-art technology in conference rooms.
Q: What will your company's main challenges be in the next year?
A: 2017 was a tremendous growth year for our office. Although the market will be tighter than it's been in recent years in 2018, we've laid a foundation of hard work and skill development along with market knowledge such that we should be able to enjoy even more growth. As the market becomes challenging, it's even more important that we interact with our clients so they know their current position as it compares to the market and fully understand their options and capitalize on those opportunities.
Q: If you had one tip to give to a rookie CEO, what would it be?
A: We each have two ears and one mouth. Listen twice as much as you talk. When we ask insightful questions and then listen, people know we care about them.
Q: Do you have a business mantra?
A: Make it about the client. Clients know when someone is really about helping the client versus helping themselves. When we help our clients succeed, we all succeed. We are in a service business and it has to always be about the client. This applies not only to our agents and their clients, but also to me personally as the regional manager working with my core clients: my agents.
Q: From a business outlook, whom do you look up to?
A: Warren Buffett. They have a very grounded practical approach to business. I appreciate the simplicity of looking at value, not price, as a key element in decision-making.
Q: What is one interesting fact about you or your company that most people may not know?
A: George Marcus worked for Grubb & Ellis before starting their own company in the 1970s. Rather than end their relationship, Hal Ellis became an advisory board member of George's company and provided tremendous insight and guidance to George including maintaining our focus on investment sales and not being distracted by other opportunities in commercial real estate.
Q: What do you do in your free time?
A: My wife and I enjoy traveling abroad on trips where we are active. We've recently hiked the French and Italian Alps, Costa Brava and the Spanish Pyrenees and hope to do Iceland in the coming year or so. As for me, I love to cook and am known to spend an entire day in the kitchen in order to feed my friends a good meal.
Q: What keeps you up at night?
A: Excitement about new ideas or opportunities. When it strikes, I must get out of bed and work through a concept before my mind can rest. I'm not someone who stays awake worrying, but I'm known to work through the night on new ideas.
Q: If you were not doing this job, what would be doing?
A. Instead of managing a brokerage firm, I'd be actively brokering transactions. I enjoy helping people achieve their goals.
Q: What was your first paying job?
A: I was a newspaper delivery boy for competing newspapers in the metro Detroit area. If I was going to walk down a street to deliver one newspaper, I figured why not deliver both? Good thing I didn't get caught!
Q: If you could put your company name on a sports venue, which one would you choose?
A: Augusta National Golf Club. Golf is an incredible sport requiring not only physical ability but commitment, perseverance and, most of all, ongoing skill development. It's a lifelong pursuit full of valuable lessons that can be played by anyone of any age. What other sport encourages you to "shoot your age" as you get older?
Q: What is one funny thing that has happened to you in your career?
A: More ironic than funny: I was helping an owner sell a portfolio of apartment buildings in Denver. We finished the paperwork for one of the closings but were unable to fund that day. It had been a tough transaction that "blew up" a number of times. The next morning, the owner called me to say the deal had "blown up" that evening. I assured them deals "blow up" all the time, but we'd get it closed. Little did I know, one of the buildings in the complex had an actual explosion, and walls moved 7 inches on the first floor. No one was hurt, and we were able to complete the closing two weeks later. I coach my agents to never use the phrase "a deal just blew up" to describe a transaction going sideways.
Q: Two people to follow-on Twitter and why.
A: Simon Sinek and the Dalai Lama. Sinek provides insight into the business world through books like "Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action" and their TED lectures where they discuss how people think, act and communicate. As for the Dalai Lama, I enjoy their perspective about humankind and our obligation/connection to one another. Both men cause me to take pause.
Q: What book is on your nightstand?
A: "The Four Agreements" by Don Miguel Ruiz. Simple and effective lessons that last a lifetime.
Gardening This Weekend: April 13, 2017
Half your success as a gardener depends on doing the right things. The other half depends on doing them at the right times. Here is your gotta-do list for this weekend.
PLANT
• Trees, shrubs, vines and groundcovers. Selections in nurseries will never be better. Shop Thursday or Friday before the weekenders pick things over.
• Warm-season annual flowers and vegetables.
• New turf from sod, seed or plugs or by hydromulching.
• Patio pots for color in smaller spaces.
PRUNE
• Spring-flowering shrubs and vines immediately to reshape before their surges of new growth.
• Dead tops of frozen crape myrtles, pomegranates and oleanders in North Texas. Do so immediately to get them out of the way before resprouts fill in the voids.
• Mow turf regularly and at recommended height to encourage dense growth. (See related Question of the Week.)
FERTILIZE
• Lawn with all-nitrogen fertilizer (half or more of nitrogen in encapsulated, slow-release form).
• Trees, shrubs with same lawn fertilizer, but be certain it does not contain a weedkiller.
• Liquid root stimulator fertilizer monthly to trees and shrubs that were dug and relocated into your landscape.
Continued Below
Advertisement
ON THE LOOKOUT
• Cabbage loopers chewing holes in leaves of cabbage and other cole crops. Apply B.t. for control.
• Snails and slugs on tender new growth. Use Sevin dust or bait applied to the foliage and on top of the soil.
• Seridium canker attacking Italian cypress. Fungicides do not show a great deal of promise in controlling this very damaging disease.
• Poison ivy, dichondra, dollarweed, bur and white clovers, dandelions and other non-grassy weeds. Treat with a broadleafed weedkiller spray (containing 2,4-D).
Posted by Neil Sperry
Financial stocks buoy Asia bourses after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Mercedes is hoping to avoid penalties this weekend at Silverstone.
Last weekend, the reigning world champions suffered an ultra-rare double DNF, with Ferrari boss Maurizio Arrivabene wondering if the new upgrades were to blame.
"They were entirely separate failures," Mercedes technical boss James Allison said, "and neither of them related to the introduction of the new power unit."
As for whether the failures mean Mercedes will have to replace parts and face penalties over the British grand prix weekend, Allison said they aren't sure.
"We hope not, because we think both of the failures that we had were confined to the items that failed," they explained.
However, Allison also said they can't be sure, because failures often affect other systems of the car.
"But we don't think so. We think we will be in good shape for Silverstone," they said.
A pedestrian walks over a puddle reflecting the Bank of England (BoE) in the City of London, U.K.
Bank of England policymakers will vote unanimously to hold fire this week, but that won't stop them from increasing interest rates in May, according to economists surveyed by Bloomberg.
The Monetary Policy Committee, setting out their latest decision on Thursday at noon, will vote 9-0 to keep the benchmark rate at 0.5 percent, most economists said. Some expect a few hawkish dissenting votes. The percentage of economists predicting a rate increase in May climbed to 54 percent, the latest survey showed.
With a move in two months seen as a shoo-in by investors, BOE Governor Mark Carney is unlikely to veer from previous guidance that rates may need to rise at a steeper pace than previously thought to prevent the Brexit-hit economy from overheating. That's in contrast to the last hike in November, when officials went out of their way to signal an imminent move.
BOE Bets Investors increasingly see May rate hike as a shoo-in Source: Bloomberg
“The MPC will be keen to at the very least preserve, and possibly raise, market pricing for interest-rate rises,” said George Buckley, an economist at Nomura. “We doubt the bank will need to go as far as it did in September, when it felt forced to ‘hand-hold' the market through a November rate rise.”
Last year a majority of economists didn't foresee the rate increase until a month before the decision, well after markets had priced it in.
That was the first BOE interest-rate increase in over a decade after inflation accelerated beyond the 2 percent target and output held up better than officials expected in the wake of Britain's decision to leave the European Union. Investors have assigned a more than 80 percent probability of a rate increase by May this year, according to money-market data.
The BOE's decision is taking place amid a flurry of U.K. economic data this week. Inflation figures published Tuesday are forecast to show consumer price growth slowing to 2.8 percent from 3 percent, as the impact of a weaker currency fades. That still doesn't take the prospect of gradual rate increases off the table, according to Bloomberg economist Dan Hanson.
There may also be some cheery news on Brexit, which the BOE said last month remains the most significant source of uncertainty over the outlook. On Monday, negotiators reached an agreement for a 21-month transition period that will start when Britain formally leaves the bloc in March next year.
Royal School Armagh 13 Campbell College 19
Tries from scrumhalf Dara Gaskin, fullback Conor Rankin and winger Will Davis helped Campbell College secure their 24th outright Danske Bank Ulster Schools' Cup title as they saw off a robust challenge from Royal School Armagh.
The Belfast school, coached by former Ireland international Brian Robinson and ex-Ulster coach and Worcester Warriors-bound Neil Doak, just had too much for Armagh, coached by former Ulster flanker, Willie Faloon, who were in their first final since 2004.
In a game of small margins, Campbell only put some daylight between themselves and the Royal School with a fortuitous 64th minute try from Rankin after a cruel ricochet ended up bouncing into their grasp though the Belfast school had crucially led 5-0 at the break after Gaskin scored in the final play of a tense opening half.
Still, they secured the trophy with a wondrous score from Davis whose footwork took them round three Armagh defenders with six minutes to go.
It took until the 18th minute before either side had a chance to advance the scoreboard after a high tackle on excellent Armagh centre Matthew Reaney.
But Reaney's midfield partner Zac Thompson was wide with the wind-assisted long-range penalty.
Campbell's fullback Conor Rankin then got round the outside of the Armagh defence just before the half hour, but their pass to winger Rex Tinsley was called forward when a score looked possible.
After Armagh had relieved the pressure, they then stole an overthrow with skipper Jack Treanor steaming on into the Campbell 22 only for them to be penalised for holding on.
Strong carry
Again, Campbell responded and after putting a penalty into the corner, in the dying moments of the half, they drove from the lineout before a strong carry by centre Ben Power allowed Gaskin to scramble over.
Rankin's conversion hit the post and stayed out but that was the last action of the half, giving the Belfast school a 5-0 interval lead.
Armagh immediately narrowed the margin just two minutes after the restart when Thompson landed a penalty after Matthew Reaney's break brought play up to Campbell's line.
Rankin then missed a long-range penalty with the wind at their back on 41 minutes and Campbell then held Armagh out on two occasions as Faloon's side surged for the line.
It was harsh on them that Campbell scored next through the lucky bounce of a rebounded ball through Rankin converted their 49th minute effort to put their side 12-3 ahead.
After a last-ditch tackle by Rankin stopped Reaney from scoring, Armagh won a penalty under the posts which Thompson converted to make it 12-6.
But Campbell then turned the screw with Davis superbly stepping several defenders to dot down under the posts in the 64th minute.
Rankin converted and though Armagh finally worked sub Ben Lavery over in the last minute, it proved too little and too late for College.
ROYAL SCHOOL ARMAGH: M Campbell, O Webb, Z Thompson, M Reaney, N Jennings, R Morrow, A Johnston; J Chapman, J Treanor (capt), A McAlpine, J Agnew, S King, A Woods, G Crawford, R O'Neill. Replacements: S Rainey, A Edgar, J Roberts, R Finlay, J King, B Lavery, C Whiteside, P Taylor
CAMPBELL COLLEGE: C Rankin, W Davis, J Macartney, B Power, R Tinsley, O Yandall, D Gaskin; J McKee (capt), H Jenkins, P McAlpine, O Kiernan, J Harrison, J Stinson, S Robinson, T Olaniyan. Replacements: J Gildea, M Carlisle, M Poor, J Johnston, J Brennan, L Yandall, H Owens, K Robertson.
Referee: J Erskine
Both Goleta city officials and the new owners of the Bacara Resort & Spa are looking forward to a “new chapter” in the historically rocky relationship between the luxury hotel and the small city.
“One of our highest priorities as new owners is establishing a positive relationship with the community and being a good neighbor both in Goleta and Santa Barbara,” Sarah Mancuso, vice president of Ohana Real Estate Investors, told Noozhawk.
Ohana, along with Rockpoint Group, acquired the 78-acre coastal property in western Goleta in July from Alvin Dworman, a New York-based developer who put the resort on the ground at the turn of the century after hundreds of millions of dollars and nearly 20 years of effort.
It was never an easy relationship between Dworman's company, ADCO, and Santa Barbara County, which had jurisdiction over the area before Goleta's 2002 incorporation. Former county Supervisor Bill Wallace, local environmental groups and neighbors struggled against proposals for development in the area, and the two sides remained in a deadlock until a deal was reached in the early 1990s that allowed for construction of a visitor-serving facility in the area.
The sore spot for locals was Haskell's Beach, a favored surf spot that people in the know would hike to through secret but well-worn trails, boards tucked under their arms. Bacara, a 331-room luxury resort, was built over the beach, and locals feared the out-of-town developer would take over one of the Goleta area's beloved beaches.
The tension over Haskell's, if anything, seemed to escalate after Bacara opened. Visitors were spending upwards of $350 a night to stay in luxury accommodations and play at what looked like the hotel's private beach. Development ran right up to the sand, with asphalt, a snack bar and restrooms where before only a gentle grassy slope led to the shore.
Despite the fact that Bacara became one of the city's major employers and bed tax providers (revenue neutrality agreement with the county notwithstanding), one of the city's earliest battles after incorporation was with Bacara Resort & Spa. Haskell's Beach is the only beach within Goleta's city limits; Goleta Beach, another popular visitor spot, remains in county territory.
Citizens and local groups were vocal when the resort built public parking near the tennis courts but put up measures to limit access to the parking (which also led to the beach), claiming violation of the Coastal Act, which requires open access to the state's public beaches. The hotel was also accused of limiting public access by holding events close to or on the beach, barring its use by local visitors. Meanwhile, hotel supporters noted there was no easy public access to the beach — or parking for beachgoers, for that matter — before the resort was built.
The friction got even hotter when it looked like the hotel was dispatching security to follow people around in golf carts as they went to the beach. There was a reason for that, according to hotel management: Miscreants, possibly frustrated locals, were vandalizing the beachside structures. But when it was reported that one such golf cart had been following Goleta's city founder and a former councilwoman, Jonny Wallis, around as they were taking a slow walk to the shore after hip surgery, the reason for security started to look flimsy to the locals.
In the intervening years, there continued to be a push-pull on both sides. Bacara requested several amendments to the city's General Plan, one of which requested a redesignation of the shoreline and public beach to “private, with a public access easement,” a notion the City Council rejected, choosing instead to keep it designated “regional open space.”
Other amendments, however, paved the way for what was called the “completion phase” of Bacara development — hotel condominiums that would provide luxury extended-stay accommodations for visitors.
With a name like “Ohana,” which means “family” in Hawaiian, the pressure is on for the resort hotel's new owner to fulfill the purpose implied by its name.
“The key component of Ohana's plan for Bacara is to welcome the locals to the property, embrace the local business community and to participate actively in the community,” read a news release issued by the company. “Ohana has many exciting plans for the property, including improving upon the consistency of service, upgrading many of the guestrooms and modifying the concepts at some of the restaurants.”
What exactly those plans involve is not yet known but may be revealed in stakeholder meetings planned in the near future.
Meanwhile, city officials are optimistic. In October, the hotel plans to hold a community open house at which locals will have a chance to check out the grounds and sample local gourmet offerings made by Bacara chefs. Over the weekend, hotel employees participated in Coastal Cleanup Day.
“The city is thrilled to have such a reputable company managing such a remarkable property as Bacara,” City Manager Dan Singer said. “They are one of Goleta's largest employers and taxpayers, and we look forward to a long-standing relationship with the new owners.”
— Noozhawk contributing writer Sonia Fernandez can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Stocks declined globally on Monday amid a technology sell-off and as investors braced for a week packed with risk events, from central bank decisions to a G20 gathering.
The FTSE fell to a 15-month low after the UK and the European Union agreed on a post-Brexit transition period, which boosted the sterling but weighed on the internationally exposed index.
US stocks slumped as tech companies were rattled by weekend reports of major data harvesting from Facebook, as well as Apple's efforts to develop its own screens.
Dublin
The Iseq nudged down more than 0.3 per cent in a day of thin trading volumes, with the number of shares exchanging hands dented by the bank holiday to mark St Patrick's Day.
The Dublin market escaped the brunt of the losses in other European markets in part thanks to a 1.4 per cent gain for Ryanair, which closed up at €16.56, while food group Kerry, another major stock on the Iseq, added 1.1 per cent to finish at €78.90. Cairn Homes was also among the climbers, adding 3.9 per cent to €1.87.
Building materials group CRH declined 1.5 per cent to €27.76, while paper and packaging company Smurfit Kappa fell 1.9 per cent to €35.24
London
The FTSE 100 fell 1.7 per cent to its lowest level since December 2016, while the more domestically exposed mid cap index limited its decline to 0.6 per cent, after an agreement between the UK and the EU boosted the pound but further hit the blue-chip index.
The market had already been weighed down by a massive drop in Micro Focus. The software company plummeted 46.3 per cent after its chief executive quit and it cut its revenue forecasts.
Big international FTSE stocks like British American Tobacco, BP, HSBC and Diageo were all lower, down between 1.6 and 3.7 per cent, while among companies that benefit from a strong pound, gambling company William Hill rose 4.2 per cent and real estate firm Land Securities added 3.3 per cent.
Barclays jumped 3.6 per cent after activist investor Sherborne acquired 5 per cent of voting rights in the bank.
Mid-cap company Hammerson was a stand-out gainer, up 24 per cent. Shares in the UK retail landlord rose following news of an earlier approach by French shopping centre operator Klepierre.
Europe
The tech sector was a bad performer on Monday, with the plunge for London-listed Micro Focus leading technology stocks down 2.5 per cent across the board - the sector's worst fall since early February when global markets sank.
Europe's main benchmark, the Stoxx 600 index, fell 1.1 per cent as investors held their breath ahead of Wednesday's US Federal Reserve meeting, which marks the debut for new chairperson Jerome Powell and a likely interest rate increase.
The French Cac 40 was down 1.1 per cent, while the German Dax finished 1.4 per cent lower. Disappointing results weighed on German consumer goods firm Henkel, which fell 2.3 per cent after it said the first quarter was off to a slow start.
New York
US stocks were trading about 2 per cent lower in the first half of trading on Monday, with Dow Jones Industrial Average shedding nearly 400 points, as Facebook led a selloff in technology stocks on reports that the social media company's user information was misused.
Facebook shares tumbled 7.1 per cent, putting it on track for its worst day since September, 2012. It was also down about 13 per cent from its all-time high hit on February 1st, meaning it entered what is called correction territory.
Republican Senator Marco Rubio said they believed some internet companies have grown too fast to digest their responsibilities and obligations. Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Alphabet - members of the so-called FAANG group of stocks alongside Facebook - were also in the red.
(Additional reporting: Reuters / Bloomberg.)
The Federal Government has so far released N844,360,550 for the commencement of the Homegrown School Feeding, a component of its Social Investment Programme, in seven states across the country.
The states that have received funding to begin the scheme include Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu, Oyo, Osun, Ogun and Zamfara.
The Senior Special Assistant to the acting President on Media and Publicity, Mr. Laolu Akande, said this in a statement on Monday.
The Federal Government had earmarked N500bn for the SIP in the 2016 budget while the same amount had been proposed for it in the 2017 Appropriation Bill, currently before the National Assembly.
With the payment made as of the end of last week, Akande said the government had now released enough fund to start feeding more than one million pupils every school day in the seven states.
They explained that while money had been made available to the seven states, the programme had commenced in only five states — Anambra, Enugu, Osun, Ogun, and Oyo.
They stated that the scheme was expected to start this week in Ebonyi and Zamfara states that had been funded already.
Akande added, “That means the Muhammadu Buhari Presidency's Homegrown School Feeding Programme will be feeding this week a total of 1,043,205 pupils in those seven states.”
The statement said, “Equally, a total number of 11,775 cooks have been employed to prepare the meals in those states already, while local farmers in the states are also the one producing the food prepared and served.
“Of all the states, Anambra, which was the first state to receive the Federal Government's funding late last year, has now received three full funding tranches covering 30 school days, totalling N188,769,000. The state has a total of 937 cooks and feeding 96,489 pupils.
“In Ebonyi, the Federal Government has also released a total of N115,218,600 while 1,466 cooks have been engaged and 164,598 pupils are to be fed.
“Also in Enugu State, government has released N67,244,800 to feed 96,064 pupils and 1,128 cooks engaged.”
Akande stressed that the government had released N119,648,900 to feed 170,927 pupils and engaged 1,381 cooks in Ogun State while in Osun State, a total of N92,425,400 had been released to feed 142,193 pupils with 2,688 cooks engaged.
For Oyo State, they said a total of N72,288,300 had been released to feed 103,269 pupils, engaging 1,437 cooks, while of N188,765,500 had been released to feed 269,665 pupils with 2,738 cooks in Zamfara State.
by
There is one “big box” building at the Waterside Village that is not easy to identify. Among stores like Target, Dick's Sporting Goods, Harris Teeter and BJ's warehouse store, the large home of the nonprofit Quality Health Strategies remains a bit of a mystery for most who that drive by it on Marlboro Street.
Dr. Molly Burgoyne, chair of the Quality Health Foundation, the philanthropic arm of this extremely successful and locally founded health care services provider, wants to fill in that gap of local knowledge.
While QHS and its subsidiaries has grown to over 500 employees (130 of whom work in Talbot County) since it was founded decades ago by a small group of local doctors, it has always been modest in showcasing its innovative work in developing best practices for health organizations and sophisticated integrity systems to safeguard against fraud in medical billing.
More importantly, particularly to Dr. Burgoyne, the “profit” of these enterprises goes right back into the community every year in the way of charitable grants. In fact, since 2006 QHF has awarded grants totaling more than $4.5 million to 66 organizations in Maryland and the District of Columbia.
The Spy spent some time with Dr. Burgoyne, who is best known locally as a highly regarded rheumatologist in the region, to talk their work with the Quality Health Foundation and its remarkable impact in reaching the neediest in our community with medical coverage and care.
This video is approximately five minutes in length. For more information about the Quality Health Foundation please go here.
By Emily Morgan, Staff Writer —
Many religious organizations across campus are offering students a chance to take a break from from their chaotic schedules through shared worship, weekly dinners, community service.
Groups such as The House, The Wesley Center, and Hope House offer students a chance to embrace their spirituality and share their beliefs together.
The House
“Be known. Know Jesus,” is The House's mission. House is one of many Christian ministries on campus that offers students a chance to not only get to know themselves, but to get to know Jesus. The group schedules open bible studies, retreats, mission trips, local service projects, and plenty of social events. Weekly meetings are every Tuesday at 8 p.m. at 650 McCallie Ave. You can also find members at their converted coffee shop, The Hub, on the other side of the building.
Jason Leonard, director and pastor of The House, encourages members to live up to their mission by “creating and crafting a space” to do so.
“We craft these spaces – in relationships, in physical space, in events – for students to be known and know Jesus,” said Leonard.
Leonard described The House as a place of refuge and sanctuary away from students' hectic lives and crazy schedules.
“We are commanded by God to carry each other's burdens, and we gladly do that at The House,” said Leonard. “Even when we are just having fun, we don't do so as escape; we do so because we are whole human beings who need to laugh and cry, play and work, sleep and wake. Refuge and sanctuary are enjoyed best when we are whole.”
Leonard said challenging students to be more Christ-like when it comes to remaining inclusive is something encouraged.
“Jesus was criticized for being so inclusive and belonging to communities of various backgrounds. We champion it,” Leonard said. “We work to encourage our students to recognize the dignity of all people, to know their stories, and to love even their enemies.”
The Wesley Center
The University's United Methodist ministry, The Wesley Center, aims to give students the opportunity to engage in the community and make long-lasting connections with other students.
The Wesley Centers offer various types of meetings all throughout the week. Monday is Dogs and Doctrine, a free hot dog lunch where United Methodist pastors from the area take questions from students about Christianity. John Wesley Life Coach Bible study is every Tuesday from 12 p.m. until 2 p.m. at the Starbucks on campus. On Wednesdays, there's a free lunch from 11:30 a.m until 1 p.m. at their building on campus. Every Thursday they have “Souper Thursday,” wherein students can get free homemade soup starting at 12 p.m.
Wesley at Table is a free dinner offered to UTC and Chattanooga State students starting at 6 p.m., followed by a discussion-based worship at 7 p.m. They also are planning a mission trip to St. Simon's Island at the end of the semester, as well as a fall retreat.
“Be the presence of Christ on the campus of UTC,” is The Wesley Center's mission.
“That means a lot of things to a lot of different people,” said Keith Moore, the campus minister. “In our context, first and foremost, you start with hospitality. We welcome a lot of people in and then we don't make demands on people. As they get more involved they want to stay.”
Besides offering plenty of free food and weekly meetings, The Wesley Center encourages its members to connect with community by strengthening their roots to the Chattanooga area.
“Generally, when I see students that come to the university that don't stick around and they're gone after their first semester, it's generally because they haven't connected with the community,” Moore said. “If they haven't made some sort of connection somewhere, it makes it really hard for them to have a reason to be here. Campus ministries, like the Wesley Center, give people a reason beyond just going to class to want to stay, it's building those relationships in college that really make the college experience what it is.”
Reducing stress while making connections with other students is something The Wesley Center tries to facilitate.
“They find a place where they aren't lonely,” said Moore. “One of the benefits for us is having a building that we can function out of. It's also a safe, third place. It's not campus, it's not their dorm room, but it's a place where they're close to campus and they can decompress and have a breather.”
The Wesley Center is located across from the UTC Library at 607 Douglas St.
The Hope House
“Make God known by modeling the radical hospitality of Jesus Christ” is the mission of another campus Christian ministry, the Hope House.
Hope House meets at the historic Hope Family House, located at 808 Vine St. On Sundays at 6:30 p.m. they meet for a worship service followed by a $2 dinner (vegetarian options included). Mondays at 8 p.m. they meet for “Words Work,” a conversation about issues regarding faith. On Tuesdays at 8:30 a.m., they teach the theological doctrine of Genesis and dissect some of the text in its original Hebrew. They also provide free lunch from 11:30 a.m. until 2 p.m.
Tricia Dillon Thomas, the Hope House campus minister, said students gain a “theological understanding based on principles that point towards a God who cares, loves, and advocates for all and find a community who seeks to lessen the burdens of life while loving them as they are.”
The Hope House emphasizes the importance of being inclusive to anyone who believes in Christ.
“Some students are hesitant to walk through the doors of any ministry because they have been hurt by the church or are put off by the things they have heard or seen the church do,” Thomas said. “They've been told that they or their friends are not worthy of God's love. It's not our job as Christians to determine who's in and who's out.”
Besides the free Tuesday lunch, Hope House has food available for all students during its open-door hours. Tricia said this helps to ease the burden on students who have to choose between paying their bills and eating.
The Hope House also has a coffee shop downstairs that offers organic, fair-traded coffee.
In addition to providing food and coffee, Hope House encourages students to come as they are. Thomas said that welcoming everyone is Jesus' radical model of hospitality, something for which they strive.
“Something happens at Hope that we don't see a lot of on campuses: that's relationships forming over meals or coffee that might not normally happen in other spaces,” said Thomas.
For more information about other religious organizations on campus as well as the ones included in this article, click here.
Recommendations from various pundits and politicians about President Barack Obama's tax and health-care initiatives have recently turned to the notion of impeachment. As tempting as that may be to Obama's critics, my own reaction is that they should be careful what they wish for.
Impeaching a sitting president is not a simple matter.
A May USA Today article headlined, “No, Obama Won't Be Impeached,” discusses the reasons why:
“First, a reality check: The Republicans currently control only 45 seats in the U.S. Senate and would therefore need to persuade 22 members of the Democratic caucus to vote to oust a president of their own party in order to reach the two-thirds majority the Constitution requires.
“In fact, all three of the serious impeachment drives (against Andrew Johnson in 1868, Richard Nixon in 1974 and Bill Clinton in 1998-99 occurred when the president's opponents controlled both houses of Congress by hefty margins.
“Given the virtual impossibility of winning an impeachment fight, any Republican efforts would be suicidal. A failed attempt at removing the president would only confirm the negative image of the GOP as hyperpartisan radicals more interested in scoring political points than working to address the nation's problems.
“A Republican attempt at terminating the Obama presidency would also enable Hillary Clinton to reprise their role as the loyal, long-suffering help-mate working to protect a political partner unjustly persecuted by ‘a vast right-wing conspiracy.'
“... in addition to letting Clinton off by aiming squarely at their boss, any impeachment drive could also boost the stock of another potential Democratic candidate, Vice President (Joe) Biden.
“... with no chance of success, even conjecture about impeachment ultimately serves to boost Obama. A series of scandals that looks increasing dire — on Benghazi, the IRS, improperly seized phone records from reporters and assorted prevarications with the press and public — would still allow Obama a sense of victory and exoneration when they inevitably survive. Serious talk of impeachment makes any outcome less than that look like vindication.”
It's important to understand what's involved in impeaching a sitting president. Here's how it works:
» “The President ... may be impeached and removed (from office) only for ‘treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors' ... Several commentators have suggested that Congress alone may decide for itself what constitutes a ‘high crime or misdemeanor.' ... In 1970, then-House Minority Leader Gerald R. Ford defined the criterion as they saw it: ‘An impeachable offense is whatever a majority of the House of Representatives considers it to be at a given moment in history.'”
» “The impeachment process is a two-step procedure: The House of Representatives must first pass, by a simple majority of those present and voting, articles of impeachment, which constitute the formal allegation or allegations. Upon their passage, the defendant has been ‘impeached.' Next the Senate tries the accused.”
» “To convict the accused, a two-thirds majority of the senators present is required. Conviction automatically removes the defendant from office.”
Although the process seems fairly straightforward, if Obama were to be “impeached,” it's important to consider who's next in line to assume the office.
First would be Biden. Does anyone think they are capable of leading the nation? Many observers view them as a “clown,” given to shooting from the lip with statements that are not only embarrassing but might be demeaning to the office of the president.
After Biden, the leader of the House of Representatives would be next in line. During Obama's first term that would have been Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. Enough said.
The current leader of the House is Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio, whom the Democrats surely would not support.
So, all the talk about impeaching Obama notwithstanding, it's clear that it's not going to happen. As they often say in police stories, “There's nothing happening here, move on.”
Like it or not, the nation is stuck with Obama until after the next presidential election in November 2014, after which they will remain in office until Jan. 9, 2015, when the next president assumes the office.
Obama will then be in what is generally termed “lame duck” status, and they will probably issue a series of executive orders to lock their agenda in for the foreseeable future. Congress might attempt to overturn an executive order by passing legislation to reverse it, but Obama can also veto such a bill.
— Harris Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairperson and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Charles Leclerc has set the pace in the penultimate free practice session of the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship this morning at the Circuito de Jerez, topping the timesheets on 1:25.452 halfway through the session before concentrating on race runs to claim the top spot ahead of title rival Oliver Rowland and Nyck De Vries.
The session got underway to gloriously sunny conditions, with Artem Markelov leading all of the field out on track when the green light came on. Rowland set the first competitive lap time 5 minutes into the session but was briefly displaced by Nobuharu Matsushita before reclaiming the top spot, just ahead of Leclerc and De Vries.
The red flags emerged at the 9 minute mark when Ralph Boschung got stranded on the kerbs at turn 10, with all of their rivals returning to the pits as the marshals got to work on removing the stricken car. The session was green 9 minutes later, with Leclerc heading straight out to claim the top spot before everyone got to work on their long run simulations.
There was little in the way of wayward action for the rest of the session, with Sean Gelael getting stranded at turn 13 just as the session came to a close. Sergio Sette Camara set the pace behind the top 3, just ahead of Nicholas Latifi, Matsushita, Norman Nato, Alexander Albon, Louis Deletraz and Markelov in a session which saw the top 16 drivers within a second of the top spot, promising drama for this afternoon's qualifying session.
By Annie Reuter
The Eagles have announced four new concert dates. The lineup for the short run will feature Don Henley, Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit with Frey's son, Deacon, and Vince Gill filling in for the late Glenn Frey.
Related: Vince Gill to Join Eagles for Classic East and West Shows
An Evening with the Eagles will stop at the Greensboro Coliseum in North Carolina on October 17 followed by a show a Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. on October 20. The band will return to Louisville, Kentucky on October 24 at KFC Yum! Center before traveling to the late Glenn Frey's hometown of Detroit, Michigan on October 27 to wrap up the run at Little Caesars Arena.
Tickets for the four new dates go on sale at Saturday (Aug. 19) at 10 am. An American Express card member pre-sale starts on Tuesday while VIP packages will be available through Eagles.com.
The four new tour dates follow the success of the band's Classic West and East shows, earlier this summer. Deacon and Gill also played with the band for those shows.
“Bringing Deacon in was my idea,” Don Henley told the LA Times. “I think of the guild system, which in both Eastern and Western cultures is a centuries-old tradition of the father passing down the trade to their son, and to me, that makes perfect moral and ethical sense. The primary thing is I think Glenn would be good with it—with both of these guys. I think he'd go, ‘That's the perfect way to do this.'”
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — The city of Greenville celebrated National Community Development week with an opening ceremony Monday.
The week acknowledges the work of the Community Development Block Grant program.
It provides grants for more than 1,200 state and local governments and funds activities such as housing rehabilitation, business assistance, senior services and infrastructure.
“People should care because this funding promotes and helps projects throughout the city that really benefit all citizens of Greenville, including housing rehabilitation in urban renewal neighborhoods,” Amy Lowe, housing division administrator. “We also fund nonprofit organizations that bring needed service to the community.”
The activities primarily target low-income and moderate-income persons and households.
Sir, – Donald Clarke rails against the sexism of James Bond in their article on February 2nd (“James Bond has always been a misogynist dinosaur. Now they have to change”). But if sexism is abhorrent, isn't racism equally so? Very puzzling then the cheap swipe at our Celtic cousins: Sean Connery “forces their horrible Scottish lips on their reluctant face”.
And if you don't think it racist, try substituting Scottish with Irish and Colin Farrell for Connery, and for good measure imagine reading the whole thing in the Daily Mail. – Yours, etc,
MICHAEL BRADLEY,
Nakagusuku,
Okinawa,
Japan.
This artist's rendering shows the first interstellar asteroid: 'Oumuamua. This unique object was discovered on Oct. 19, 2017 by the Pan-STARRS 1 telescope in Hawaii. The University of Toronto's Alan Jackson reported Monday, March 19, 2018, that the asteroid — the first confirmed object in our solar system originating elsewhere — is probably from a binary star system. That's where two stars orbit a common center. According to Jackson and their team, the asteroid was likely ejected from its system as planets formed. European Southern Observatory via AP M. Kornmesser
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
by
Old St. Paul's is celebrating its fourth Solstice program at 7:00 p.m. Sunday, June 18, 2017. This year's theme, “Art in Stone,” highlights a selection of the amazing collection of memorial stones throughout the venerable church's cemetery.
The self-guided tour starts at the 1766 Vestry House, located a few steps from the church, and focuses on the considerable changes in materials, styles, designs, and messages that have taken place over the more than 300 years of history that have passed since the church was established. At the Vestry House, visitors will receive a pamphlet with information on the various memorial stones in the cemetery. This is a self-guided, go-at-your -own pace tour. The hospitality committee will be on hand to serve refreshments and hand out the guides.
The summer solstice marks the longest day of the year and the official beginning of summer. This year the solstice falls on Wed, June 21. On Sunday, June 18, the day of the tour, sunrise is at 5:34 am with sunset at 8:34 pm. That makes for an almost 15 hour-long day – 14 hours, 53 minutes and seven seconds – to be precise.Traditionally, people have gathered at Sonehenge in England to mark the summer solstice. But here in Kent County, you can tour the stones of Old St. Paul's instead. This is an excellent opportunity for all genealogists and family historians.
All are welcome. There is no charge. Refreshments will be served. Please wear walking shoes as some of the ground is uneven.
St. Paul's Parish, Kent is located at 7579 Sandy Bottom Road, Chestertown, MD 21620
For more information please call the Church Office at 410-778-1540 or check Old St. Paul's website
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Angry residents have hit out at the authorities - demanding more gritters after blizzards and an arctic freeze turned the region's roads into ICE RINKS.
Driving conditions are treacherous following a weekend of heavy snowfall and plunging temperatures, with motorists warned to only get behind the wheel in an emergency.
The big freeze also leads to the mass closure of primary and secondary schools across Birmingham and the Black Country.
Now some residents claim they have been left ‘cut off' after gritters failed to treat their roads.
A statement on Birmingham City Council's website reads: “It's not possible to treat every road in the city with the resources available to us. To deal with these challenges, a priority treated network has been established based on guidance from the government.
“The three priority levels our gritted network is divided into are: priority level 1 - all major roads within the city; priority level 2 - includes other roads with heavy traffic, which are an essential part of Birmingham's road network; priority level 3 - consists of other busy local roads, important routes identified by the emergency services, all frequent bus routes, main access routes to large residential areas and important commuter routes.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The gritting service operates from October through to May each year, and during this period our fleet of gritters are on standby 24 hours a day.
“In wintery weather, we routinely grit over 700 miles of road; nearly 50% of the total length of all Birmingham's roads. These routes have been prioritised based on recommendations from Central Government and include major roads and access routes, bus routes and routes identified by the emergency services.
“As well as the road network, some pavements in high footfall areas, such as the City Centre also receive precautionary treatment. Footways in local shopping centres are cleared of snow if icy conditions persist and resources are available.”
But angry residents took to Twitter to demand action on their untreated roads - with some claiming they had been left ‘cut off'.
Andy Scott wrote: “Birmingham City Council when are you going to grit Stockmans Close/Shannons Road in Kings Norton B38? We are cut off and it is sheet ice. It's dangerous - do something, we pay our council tax.”
Charlotte tweeted: “Well this is no fun when you are blind. Need ice skates as no one from WM Grit have been down my street. #blindproblems.”
Lashadey wrote: “Dudley MBC - there doesn't seem to have been gritters sent out to Quarry Bank and this is the 4th day snowed in. Caledonia is impassable. Could you come out there please? It's down to -7 tonight and supplies are getting low.”
Noosh tweeted: “Appreciate everything you are doing thank you but please could you do Carver Street? It's uphill in Jewellery Quarter - cars are stuck at the bottom.”
Birmingham City Council have issued a map of gritting routes and bins on their website.
Their statement continued: “Unfortunately, it is not possible to grit every road and pavement in the city, or to carry out isolated treatment of individual roads which are not on the agreed priority routes; however, we do provide and stock grit bins for use on the public highway.
“Additionally, in the event of prolonged wintry conditions we have a supplementary gritting programme which includes additional roads not normally treated.”
The Jets' fears were confirmed Monday, when quarterback Josh McCown was ruled out for the season with a broken left hand.
Jets coach Todd Bowles said McCown will need surgery to fix the hand they injured in Sunday's 23-0 loss to the Broncos. Bryce Petty will start against the Saints on Sunday.
“He's been leading us all year offensively. For them to go down this late in the season, it's a next-man-up mentality. The next guy has to step up. But you feel sorry for Josh. He's having a very good year.”
The 38-year-old McCown had a career year in their first season with the Jets, performing better than anyone expected. They threw for 18 touchdowns and ran for another five and became a locker-room leader for the Jets.
“He meant a lot,” Bowles said. “His leadership meant a lot from the time they walked in the door, just always doing the right thing and saying the right things and helping everyone on the team, not just offensively, but defensively as well. Not to mention the fact that they made some plays out there on the field that's helped us out.”
Bowles said they are comfortable with Christian Hackenberg as the backup quarterback. The Jets are exploring signing a third quarterback to have an emergency arm if they suffer another injury, Bowles said.
Irish aviation financier Stellwagen has appointed Aengus Whelan as its new chief commercial officer. Mr Whelan will take on the role with immediate effect.
Mr Whelan joins Stellwagen from ALAFCO Aviation and Lease, where they most recently served as managing director and head of trading. Prior to that, Mr Whelan served as executive director of aviation finance at Standard Chartered Bank in Dublin, specialising in operating and finance lease origination and the strategic sell down, remarketing and transitioning of Standard Chartered and third-party portfolios for over ten years.
Douglas Brennan, chief executive Stellwagen Group said: “We are delighted that Aengus has joined the company at this exciting and pivotal time in our development. They bring considerable relevant aviation finance experience and I have no doubt they will play a central role as part of the senior executive team at Stellwagen, as we look to further develop our markets.”
Stellwagen is headquartered in Dublin, and its backers include banks, insurers, pension funds and other investors. In November it said it could borrow up to $500 million (€ 420m) from a group of banks to fund future growth.
Former Ryanair chief financial officer Howard Millar joined the company in 2016, but left in September 2017. In November last, Stellwagen said it may take a claim for substantial damages against three former executives, including Mr Millar, as it alleged that they attempted to divert valuable business away from the company.
As the FIA World Rally Championship embarks on the tenth round of the season at next week's ADAC Rallye Deutschland, a fierce fight awaits M-Sport's fleet of record-breaking Ecoboost-powered Ford Fiesta WRCs.
M-Sport currently head the manufacturer championship with Sébastien Ogier holding the joint lead of the drivers' standings – making the German fixture a pinnacle round of the most closely-fought season in years.
The competition is expected to be extremely strong, but the team are determined to deliver their best and fight for the highest positions. Whatever the outcome, a thrilling event awaits.
RALLYE DEUTSCHLAND - THREE RALLIES IN ONE
Considered three rallies in one, Rallye Deutschland provides one of the most challenging and exciting asphalt fixtures of the year.
Twisting roads through picturesque vineyards, fast lanes through open countryside and broken Tarmac through the famous Baumholder military range are the order of the weekend and the crews must master all three in their pursuit of a strong result.
If that weren't enough, unsettled weather provides an added challenge with the crews having to work tirelessly alongside their route note crews, weather crews and strategists to extract maximum performance whatever the conditions.
A firm favourite with rally fans throughout Europe, this year's fixture sees a change of location with the service park moving from the historic town of Trier to the holiday resort of Bostalsee.
Saarbrücken – the administrative, cultural and commercial heart of Saarland – hosts the opening ceremony on Thursday evening followed by a spectacular city centre street stage.
On Friday, three passes of a new super special stage at Wadern-Weiskirchen splits more familiar vineyard tests with junction after junction on narrow, winding roads.
Saturday will see the crews tackle the fast roads of Saarland as well as the daunting Panzerplatte stages with the fearsome ‘hinkelsteins' – road-lining concrete blocks designed to stop military tanks.
Sunday is a new day for all with stages close to Bostalsee completing the 309.17 kilometre route.
The Power Stage is contested just 2.93 kilometres from the service park and allows the podium celebrations to take place mere minutes after the end of the rally – a true spectacle for the many fans who visit this popular event year on year.
MALCOLM WILSON
Since 1997, M-Sport have secured victory on all events bare one – ADAC Rallye Deutschland. This year, the team have their best chance yet of putting the history books to rights and Team Principal Malcolm Wilson is intent on challenging for that goal.
Team Principal, Malcolm Wilson OBE, said:
“Rallye Deutschland hasn't been so kind to us in the past. It's the only event that we are yet to win, but this year we have our best chance of putting that right.
“All three of our drivers have enjoyed success in Germany over the years, and Sébastien knows what it takes to succeed having won the event on three separate occasions.
“We feel that we have a good package for Tarmac and we have been building on that during our pre-event testing.
“The competition will be extremely strong and I expect a hard-fought battle. The great thing about this year's championship is that it's anybody's game – but we aim to be in the fight and hope to come out on top.”
OGIER AND INGRASSIA
Sébastien Ogier and Julien Ingrassia know what it takes to win at Rallye Deutschland. The Frenchmen have three victories to their name and will be looking to challenge for M-Sport's first victory on German soil next week.
Currently tied on points with Thierry Neuville at the head of the drivers' standings, Ogier is focused on getting their championship defence back on track and will be a favourite for the top results.
Sébastien Ogier said:
“Every year I look forward to Rallye Deutschland, and this year's event will be really exciting with the championship battle so close. Naturally, we aim to deliver our best and get our championship defence back on track.
“It's always nice to return to asphalt and the German fixture presents some of the most challenging sealed-surface roads on the calendar. It's a difficult rally and you have to find the right mind-set – and the right set-up – for the many different characteristics.
“In the wet, it's even trickier and mistakes are very rarely forgiven. It's important to be fully focused and to work closely with the route note crew so as to be prepared for everything the stages have to offer.
“This year, there are also a number of new speed tests which will make things even more interesting. The Fiesta has behaved very well on asphalt this year so Julien and I are really looking forward to the challenge.”
TÄNAK AND JÄRVEOJA
Ott Tänak will be keen to rekindle the taste of German champagne next week. The Estonian won the S-WRC category in 2011 – a result which helped prompt their promotion to the works team for a one-off drive at that year's Rallye du Var.
Since then, Tarmac has not been their preferred surface but they should not be discounted for a strong result – especially considering their pace at the previous asphalt outings this year.
Ott Tänak said:
“The fast gravel events might be my favourite, but I'm looking forward to another asphalt challenge. Considering our pace in Monte-Carlo and Corsica, it will be interesting to see what we can do and we have no reason not to be hopeful of a strong result.
“This is definitely one of my favourite asphalt events. Each stage is different and it's a real test of how quickly you can adapt to the changing conditions. The weather in this region can also be quite unsettled so it's important to have the most up-to-date information from the stages – working closely with the route note and weather crews.
“We're currently in the middle of a pre-event test to get a taste for as many different roads, surfaces and conditions as possible. Set-up is very important here and this preparation will be really important for a good rally.
“As history has shown, anything can happen at Rallye Deutschland. We're focused on delivering our best and extending the team's lead at the head of the standings.”
EVANS AND BARRITT
Rallye Deutschland is one of Elfyn Evans most successful events. As the Welshman made their way through the rallying ranks, the German fixture delivered much success and they secured their maiden stage victory through the Rallye Deutschland Power Stage in 2014.
Following an impressive drive to second place at last month's Rally Finland, Evans will be keen to keep the momentum going and challenge for another top result next week.
Elfyn Evans said:
“Rallye Deutschland is one of my favourite events on the calendar, and an event where I have enjoyed a lot of success over the years. It's a challenge, but I think that's one of the reasons why I enjoy it so much.
“There are a number of different surfaces and stage characteristics and it's all about finding the right rhythm and set-up for each variation. You really do have to be fully focused and at the top of your game – one wrong move, one lapse in concentration, and you don't get a second chance.
“The weather can also play a crucial part and a wet rally could make things really interesting – another factor to consider as we make your way through the demanding stages; many of which we'll be experiencing for the first time.
“Coming off the back of a good result in Finland, I'm looking forward to next week and hoping to keep the momentum going.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conventional wisdom says spring is the best time of year to buy a house - but history suggests that if you're looking in Birmingham, you might be better off during the autumn.
We've analysed 10 years worth of house buying data from the Office for National Statistics to work out when you should be looking to buy property in the city.
And while estate agents will tell you that spring is the most popular time of year to sell houses, offering buyers more choice, the data shows that this usually isn't the case.
In fact, autumn has seen more houses bought and sold in the city than spring for seven of the last 10 years - and the most out of any season for five of those.
In comparison, spring has only seen the most sales throughout the year on two occasions - although last year was one of those.
In 2016, 3,543 residential properties were sold in Birmingham between March and May, compared to 3,177 houses in September to November.
However, this was a rarity.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 2,723 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 3,624 sales seen over autumn.
The situation is slightly different nationally compared to Birmingham - although spring is still not the best time of year to buy.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Across England and Wales, summer has come out on top six years out of the last decade, and bettered spring on a further two occasions.
So, wherever you want to move to, if you're looking to find the perfect home you won't necessarily see the widest variety of properties on offer in March, April and May.
However, if price is more important to you, you're probably better off looking during off-peak times of year anyway, such as in the winter.
While there'll be less to choose from, there will also be less competition.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — The Miami Heat spent a lot of time in the last couple of days as a group of tourists in Mexico City. When they got back in the court, they were all business.
Goran Dragic and Tyler Johnson each scored 20 points and Miami beat the Brooklyn Nets 101-89 on Saturday in the Heat's first game in Mexico in franchise history.
Playing in front of 19,777 fans at raucous Arena Ciudad de Mexico — and with former Heat star Chris Bosh courtside, around the team for a game for the first time in well over a year — Dragic was 9 of 19 from the field and had seven rebounds for Miami. The Heat snapped a two-game losing streak to improve to 12-13.
“It was a terrific and easy trip coming down from San Antonio, we had a day off to go out and see the city, you don't travel all this way to watch TV in your room, I'm going to need to get on a diet after this trip,” said Miami coach Erik Spoelstra, who said they visited as many cafes as possible. “It was fun but then we got back to work and we prepared good for tonight's game.”
James Johnson added 17 points, Justise Winslow had 15 and Kelly Olynyk 11 for Miami. The Heat rallied from two seven-point deficits, using a stingy defense that allowed only 36 points in the second half.
“It was a great game for us, especially on the defensive end,” Dragic said. “Tyler played great and the second unit gave us the extra boost that we needed, we have a deep bench and everybody can play.”
Miami arrived Wednesday night after a loss in San Antonio. The players had a video session the day after and Spoelstra left them visit the city the rest of the day.
Most of the players and coaches went shopping and sightseeing in Polanco, an upscale neighborhood in the capital.
“The fans are terrific, it's a great environment,” Spoelstra said. “I was pleasantly surprised walking around and seeing NBA games on the T.V. everywhere we went, and the fans recognized us, it felt like we were in Miami”.
By arriving two days ahead of the game, the Heat had a chance to know the city but it came with a price because they struggled early in the game with the altitude. Mexico City's 7,350 feet above sea level is at a far higher elevation than Denver — the NBA's highest venue at 5,280 feet.
Professional teams try different approaches to avoid the effects of the altitude on the body and usually, arriving as close to a game as possible is regarded as the way to go.
“It was tough, it feels like we played two games, but `Spo' (Spoelstra) did a great job rotating so we could stay fresh,” Dragic said.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson led the Nets with 18 points. Coming off a 100-95 victory over Oklahoma City on Thursday night in the Mexico City opener, the Nets dropped to 10-15.
In the third quarter, the Nets took a seven-point lead on Tyler Zeller's layup, but Dragic sealed a 10-2 run to give Miami a 60-59 lead and the Heat took a 75-72 advantage into the final period.
BOSH COURTSIDE
Bosh was warmly welcomed by their former club. Bosh and their wife Adrienne got long hugs from Spoelstra, and Bosh interacted with players throughout the night. Bosh's career with the Heat was cut short by recurring bouts with blood clots. “He looks good,” Spoelstra said, according to The Palm Beach Post. “His family, their kids are doing well. I love CB. He's Heat family for life.” Bosh even did one of their trademark videobombs during the televised postgame interview with Winslow, drawing laughs.
REGULAR VISITORS
The game between the Heat and the Nets was the fourth in Mexico this year. It marks the first time the NBA has hosted four international regular-season games in the same country in one calendar year (outside Canada). In January, the Phoenix Suns played the Dallas Mavericks and the San Antonio Spurs. Also, the game was the 26th south of the border since 1992, also a record for any nation besides the U.S. and Canada.
INCHING ON RILEY
Spoelstra (452-295) is two wins short from tying Pat Riley (454-395) for the most wins in Heat history. Spoelstra is the only second active coach in the NBA to record at least 450 wins with their current team. The other one is Gregg Popovich.
FEELING THE HEAT
The Nets suffered their sixth straight loss to the Heat. Brooklyn has not beaten Miami since Dec. 28, 2015.
UP NEXT
Heat: At Memphis on Monday night.
Nets: Host Indiana on Tuesday night.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Electric Daisy Carnival grounds were decorated with lit amusements and stages in the infield of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on June 17, 2017. (Source: aLive Coverage for Insomniac)
In less than a week, Las Vegas will be dripping in glow sticks and multi-colored costumes for EDC weekend.
However, there is a lot that goes into preparing for the Electric Daisy Carnival, the biggest live event in the valley since the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
For Community Ambulance, the goal is to make sure everyone walking through the EDC entry gates know that first responders are taking measures to ensure safety, but they're not only making sure patrons are okay, they're getting ready mentally and making sure their staff is up for this festival after working through Route 91.
“We literally are providing services for a small city,” Glen Simpson, Special Events Manager for Community Ambulance said.
It'll be all hands on deck for the ambulance company, but they've been preparing for EDC for months.
“We sit in rooms and work through various situations,” Simpson said. “What that would look like to keep all attendees safe.”
Simpson said that getting ready for EDC feels different this year, and it's the first large-scale event for the company since they were the official ambulance at Route 91.
“You know, it was a difficult night, it's a weekend that I'll never forget,” Simpson said. “Unfortunately I lost a friend that night, they were among the 58 that were killed, so it definitely brings a level.”
Their job isn't easy, and it's even harder through trauma.
“I have a lot of friends that come to this event,” Simpson said. “It's definitely every EMS' worst nightmare what happened that night.”
But it's an experience that's helped them grow.
“You know, one of the things we learned post the shooting internally, is that there is really no timeline on when everything is going to be okay,” said Simpson. ”It's proven to be difficult for some of our staff.”
Preparing for this festival has gone a lot further than their everyday emergency response training.
“We believe at the end of the day, should we be faced with any incident or issue then we're prepared for it,” said Simpson. “We're one big family and we're here to support each other and we look forward to a very successful event and we couldn't do it without our community partners out there.”
Those community partners, including Metro police, North Las Vegas Police, Nevada Highway Patrol, the fire department and even the FBI have been working for months to make sure things will be safe.
Metro will also have officers positioned at EDC pick up and drop off hotel locations monitoring that area as well.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Finance Ireland, the country's largest non-bank lender in the retail market, is considering entering the mortgage market as it assesses ways to further diversify its business after its pre-tax profit soared 226 per cent last year to €8.3 million, reports Joe Brennan
Despite a housing crisis, Dublin is as good a place to live in as it was this time last year, a new survey from Mercer indicates , which also reveals that Dublin is the top ranking city across the UK and Ireland. Fiona Reddan has the details.
Avectas, an Irish company developing cutting edge technology to help cure cancers, writes Dominic Coyle, has secured €2.1 million funding under the European Union's Horizon 2020 programme.
One third of Irish people are still paying for financial mistakes made in the past according to a new survey, reports Fiona Reddan.
Berlin's cursed international airport is almost six years late and, according to a leading Lufthansa executive, will probably never open, writes Derek Scally from Germany.
Start-up incubator NDRC is to invest up to €650,000 in ten new digital initiatives selected for its latest Dublin accelerator programme. Charlie Taylor reports.
Fiona Reddan tells us how vulture funds got their tentacles deep into Irish lives and Proinsias O'Mahony wonders whether billionaire investor Warren Buffett has lost their touch.
Strong Roots, the fast-growing Irish food company, is forecasting another record year after securing listings for its products with two of the top four grocery retailers in the UK, reports Charlie Taylor.
Charlie also tells us that Causeway Sensors, a Belfast-based diagnostics company which has developed nano-sized sensing chips that can be used to detect early-stage cancer and other diseases, has secured £1.5 million (€1.7 million) in investment.
Stay up to date: sign up to our business news alerts here and our Business Today daily email news digest here.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
Spanish authorities have outraged Catalan separatists with a dramatic assertion of their direct control over Catalonia: using the cover of night to remove artefacts from a museum and spirit them out of the region.
The seizure of a series of medieval tombs and fragments of Renaissance altarpieces from a museum in Lleida led to clashes between police and separatists and has inflamed anger before a crucial regional election on December 21. Separatist leaders called Monday's action a “humiliation” that shows how Spain was using executive powers to “plunder” the region.
Technicians, accompanied by dozens of armed police, began to remove the artworks in the early hours of Monday, planning to take them 80km to the Monastery of Santa Maria de Sijena in neighbouring Aragón.
Several hundred people turned up to protest against the transfer and there were brief scuffles between local police and protesters.
Carles Puigdemont, the former Catalan leader who is now in exile in Belgium, said: “In the middle of the night and using a militarised police, as always, they are taking advantage of a coup d'état to plunder Catalonia with absolute impunity.”
Catalonia election Poll tracker Will the secessionists hold on to the slim majority?
The dispute dates back to the 1980s, when Catalonia bought the art from the nuns at Santa Maria de Sijena. Aragón launched a challenge and after years of legal battles, a Spanish judge ruled in 2015 that the sale was illegal and the pieces should be returned.
The rulings in Aragón's favour were seen by many in Catalonia — a region of 7.5m people with its own language and identity, where many favour statehood — as typical of the way Spanish authorities and the courts system are anti-Catalan. Catalonia dragged its heels on returning the artworks by launching various appeals.
Santi Vila, the former Catalan cultural minister, told the Financial Times earlier this year that “political reasons” were at play for why Aragón wants the artefacts returned.
The situation changed quickly when the Catalan government was removed in October under Article 155 of the Spanish constitution, which imposed direct rule from Madrid. Mariano Rajoy, Spain's prime minister, used Article 155 in response to Catalonia's staging of an illegal independence referendum and the regional parliament's declaration of independence. Mr Rajoy also ordered fresh elections for Catalonia on December 21.
With the Catalan government dissolved, and Catalan institutions run directly from Madrid, Spain's culture minister signed a judicial order from a judge for the return of the Sijena art.
Monday's seizure, hours after the passing of a deadline for the art's return and in the midst of the campaign for the Catalan election, quickly became a political issue.
Joan Tardà, an official from the centre-left ERC party, called the move an “attempt to humiliate” Catalonia.
Mayte Perez, the head of the culture department at the government of Aragón, said the removal of the museum pieces was not linked to politics and said the Catalan government had ignored court orders to hand the artworks over.
“Justice is being done,” they told Onda Cero radio Monday.
Iñigo Méndez de Vigo, Spain's culture minister, said the ruling “has been complied with”.
The flashpoint comes as the latest polls suggest that the pro-independence parties are set to lose their majority in parliament on December 21.
The three pro-independence parties will win a total of 66 or 67 seats in the election, just shy of the 68 seats they would need to control the regional parliament, according to a poll in Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia on Sunday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Winter rolls on and with the dark nights, Netflix is becoming our best friend .
The new season of programming is kicking off across the pond in the States, so bosses at the streaming giant are giving us all the chance to rewatch our favourite shows and movies..
Dozens of films are being added to the website for you to watch while snuggling under the blankets, such as romantic classics, as well as critically acclaimed horrors.
To save you hours of trawling through the stock of films and programmes on offer, we've compiled everything coming and going from Netflix in October.
Netflix Originals
Altered Carbon: Season 1
A new series set over 300 years in the future, when human minds are digitized and downloaded from body to body. Based on the classic cyberpunk novel.
Launch Date: February 2
Seven Seconds: Season 1
Tensions run high in Jersey City after an African American teenager is critically injured by a cop.
Launch Date: February 23
Queer Eye: Season 1
With a new Fab 5 and some very tough missions, the Emmy-winning show is back and ready to make America fabulous again ... one makeover at a time.
Launch Date: February 7
Damnation: Season 1
In a rural Iowa community during the Great Depression, a stranger with a violent past poses as a preacher and rallies the farmers to mount a strike.
Launch Date: February 1
Everything Sucks!: Season 1
Two groups of high school misfits -- the AV club and the drama club -- collide in this quirky coming-of-age story set in 1996 Oregon.
Launch Date: February 16
Marseille: Season 2
The battle for the heart of Marseille heats up as right-wing nationalists gain power and a shadowy conspiracy targets the city's beloved soccer team.
Launch Date: February 23
Re:Mind: Season 1
Eleven high school classmates awaken, restrained to a large dining room. While fearing for their lives, they question a motive to this bizarre act.
Launch Date: February 15
First Team: Juventus: Season 1
Go in-depth with Italy's Juventus FC in a series that spotlights the storied soccer club's superstars and rising prospects looking to make an impact.
Launch Date: February 16
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: George Clooney
David Letterman returns in a monthly series of in-depth interviews with globally relevant personalities, plus field segments expressing their curiosity.
Launch Date: February 9
Coach Snoop: Season 1
Iconic rapper Snoop Dogg stars in a series about the youth football league they created to keep kids from making the same mistakes they did grow up.
Launch Date: February 2
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale
Trending news, pop culture, social media, original videos and more come together in host Joel McHale's new weekly comedy commentary show.
Launch Date: February 18 (weekly episodes)
Derren Brown: The Push
Mentalist Derren Brown engineers an audacious social experiment demonstrating how manipulation can lead an ordinary person to commit an appalling act.
Launch Date: February 27
WEEKLY EPISODES
Star Trek: Discovery: Season 1
The iconic franchise returns with a fresh series, new characters and a new ship. Their mission: Explore new worlds, bring hope to a new generation.
Launch Date: February 5
Mondays
Riverdale: Season 2
If Jason Blossom's murder revealed the slimy underbelly beneath Riverdale's surface, as we enter season two, the shooting of Fred Andrews threatens to plunge the entire town into utter darkness.
Thursdays
Dynasty: Season 1
With a new face poised to join the family, the Carringtons and the Colbys feud for control over their fortune -- and their children's lives.
Launch Date: February 1
Black Lightning: Season 1
A retired vigilante leaves behind their quiet life as a school principal and returns to fighting crime in their New Orleans community.
Tuesdays
The Good Place: Season 2
In the wake of their suspicions about Michael and the Good Place being confirmed in last season's shocking finale, Eleanor's last-ditch endeavor to trigger their memory may not succeed after all.
February 2 (Finale)
NETFLIX FILM
FullMetal Alchemist
While alchemist Edward Elric searches for a way to restore their brother Al's body, the military government and mysterious monsters are watching closely.
February 19
Irreplaceable You
When Abbie is diagnosed with cancer, they set out on a humorous mission to find a new love for Sam, their fiancé and best friend since childhood.
February 16
When We First Met
Using a magical photo booth that sends them back in time, Noah relives the night they met Avery over and over, trying to persuade them to fall for him.
February 9
Mute
A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as they search for their missing girlfriend.
February 23
Forgotten
When the older brother they idolize is abducted and comes back completely changed, Jin-Seok tries to uncover the truth in this twisty thriller.
February 21
Love Per Square Foot
In this quirky Bollywood romantic comedy, a couple enters into a marriage of convenience so they can buy a flat in Mumbai together.
February 14
ORIGINAL COMEDY
Fred Armisen: Standup For Drummers
Live from San Francisco, comedian Fred Armisen shares and demonstrates their thoughts on musical genres, being a drummer, regional accents and more.
February 6
Marlon Wayans: Woke-ish
Rollicking, outrageous and audacious, Marlon Wayans gets raw on racism, age-appropriate rap rhymes, gay rights, raising kids and even the Kardashians.
February 27
Kavin Jay: Everybody Calm Down!
On a mission to defy stereotypes, Malaysian stand-up comedian Kavin Jay shares stories about growing up in the VHS era with their Singapore audience.
February 2
ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARY
The Trader (Sovdagari)
This documentary examines life in a rural corner of the Republic of Georgia, where potatoes are currency and ambition is crushed by poverty.
Launch Date: February 9
Seeing Allred
Explore the public and private sides of feminist firebrand attorney Gloria Allred, who has battled some of the biggest names in politics and business.
February 9
Ugly Delicious: Season 1
David Chang and Peter Meehan uncover the world's best food as they visit far-flung cities and learn how local culture affects gastronomy.
February 23
ORIGINAL SERIES FOR KIDS
Luna Petunia: Return to Amazia: Season 1
Luna Petunia returns to magical Amazia, adding memories to their scrapbook with old friends -- and a new pal from the Animal Empire.
Launch Date: February 2
Greenhouse Academy: Season 2
New student Aspen comes between Hayley and Leo. Max and Jackie investigate Emma's sudden departure from the school. Brooke falls under a bad influence.
Launch Date: February 14
DreamWorks Dragons: Race to the Edge: Season 6
Launch Date: February 16
Full list of what's dropping on Netflix
February 1
1971: India's Finest Hour: Season 1
42 Grams
8 Mile
A Prayer for the Dying
Accepted
Armed Response
Barbie in Princess Power
Barbie of Swan Lake
Before the Flood
Benny and Joon
Big Momma's House 2
Black Money Love: Season 1
Boulevard
Breaking News: Season 1
Bring It On: All or Nothing
Bullet to the Head
Copying Beethoven
Dazed and Confused
Death Race
Desperate Hours
Emo the Musical
Emo the Musical
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer
Far North
Funny People
Ghost: Season 1
Half Baked
Hero Hiralal: Season 1
How the Beatles Changed the World
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 1
Influx
Inside Man
It's Kind of a Funny Story
John Mellencamp: Plain Spoken
Junoon: Junior Hockey Victory: Season 1
Last Knights
Little Dorrit
Lord of Illusions
Meet Joe Black
MiniMe: Season 1
Monster High 13 Wishes
Monster High: Frights, Camera, Action!
National Parks Adventure
Newness
Oscura Seduccion
Pandemic
Powder: Season 1
Queens of Comedy: Season 1
Restoration Men: Season 1
Role Models
Shakespeare in Love
Steins;Gate
Tarzan
Teen Witch
The Code: Season 1
The Garfield Show: Season 1
The Garfield Show: Season 2
The Social Experiment: Season 1
The Strange Name Movie
The Woman in the Window
Under Arrest: Season 8
What Dreams May Come
What's New Pussycat?
Wild Child
Yakari: Season 1
Yoko and Their Friends
Yoko: Season 1
February 2
Beyond: Season 2
Bir Baba Hindu
Deliver Us from Evil
Pay the Ghost
Some Kind of Beautiful
The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland
The Baby Sitters Club
The Bros
The Cable Guy
February 3
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: Season 3
Jane The Virgin: Season 4
February 4
Zoolander 2
February 5
OCTB: Season 1
Princess Cyd
February 6
Baby, Baby, Baby
Cardboard Gangsters
Cross Wars
Joshy
Sharknado 5
February 7
Geronimo Stilton: Season 3
The Marker
February 8
Close Range
The Loft
February 9
Beyond: Season 2
Blankman
Fury
Görümce
Kick-Ass 2
February 10
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: Season 3
David Brent: Life on the Road
Jane The Virgin: Season 4
February 11
By the Sea
Risen
Rock the Kasbah
February 12
Day and Night: Season 1
Tientsin Mystic: Season 1
February 13
Magic Mike XXL
Nails
The Peanuts Movie
February 14
Testament of Youth
The Mortified Guide: Season 1
The Pursuit of Happyness
February 15
Alien Abduction
Barely Lethal
Black Butler: Season 3
Blackadder: Series 1
Blackadder: Series 2
Boonie Bears: Spring Into Action: Season 1
Boonie Bears: The Big Top Secret
Chrisley Knows Best: Season 1
Chrisley Knows Best: Season 2
Daagdi Chaawl
Earth to Echo
Ek Cup Chya
Eric ldle's What About Dick?
Fakta Ladh Mhana
Fate/stay night: Season 1
Fred 3: Camp Fred
Khel Mandala
Lalbaug Parel: Zali Mumbai Sonyachi
Mahi Way: Season 1
Matichya Chuli
Monty Python and the Holy Grail
Monty Python Best Bits (mostly): Season 1
Monty Python Conquers America
Monty Python Live (Mostly): One Down, Five to Go
Monty Python: The Meaning of Live
Monty Python's Almost the Truth
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus: Season 1
Monty Python's Flying Circus
Monty Python's Life of Brian
Monty Python's Personal Best: Season 1
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life
Morya
Paradh
Prem Mhanje Prem Asta
Premachi Ghoshta
Sakhi
Sarivar Sari
Street Kings
Sword Art Online the Movie: Ordinal Scale
The Darkest Hour
The Garden of Words
The Hollywood Masters: Season 2
The Reagan Show
Tokyo Ghoul: Jack
Tokyo Ghoul: Pinto
Tokyo Ghoul: Season 2
Tukaram
Zenda
February 16
Beyond: Season 2
Born Free
Hellboy
The Interview
February 17
Brave Miss World
Brave Miss World: Collection 1
February 20
Bugs
Erased: Season 1
Jem and the Holograms
February 22
Hitler's Circle of Evil: Season 1
My Old Lady
February 23
Identity
İstanbul Kırmızısı
February 25
10 Cloverfield Lane
February 27
Combat Countdown: Season 1
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: Season 3
Gallows
Go Back to Where You Came From: Season 1
Go Back to Where You Came From: Season 2
Go Back to Where You Came From: Season 3
Insane Fishing: Season 1
iZombie: Season 4
Jack Goes Home
Mega Food: Season 1
Men on a Mission: 2017
Poh and Co.: Season 1
Poh and Co.: Season 2
Renters: Season 5
Surveillance: Season 1
Surveillance: Season 2
The Big Ward: Season 1
Unveiled: Season 1
Big Bear
Love TV? Check out the latest deals on DVDs, Blu Rays, Games and Consoles, Merchandise and Clothing with zavvi.co.uk
Who could forget apps like Apply Magic Sauce, or ChowNow? The author's list of enabled apps on Facebook. Screenshot
In 2013, an app called Lulu briefly became the object of the internet's fascination and scorn. The app's purpose was to allow women to rate men, Yelp-style, and I had mostly forgotten all about it, writing it off as just another problematic app in a world full of them. My memory was jogged, however, by the news that the political-data firm Cambridge Analytica may have harvested as many as 50 million user profiles by inappropriately using information extracted from Facebook through a personality app. I wasn't one of the nearly 300,000 users who had enabled that app, but I easily could have been one of the users whose data was hoovered up as a result of its advent. So I went to the Facebook page that lists the apps that have permission to stalk my profile, and sitting there I discovered my own personal blast from the past: Lulu.
While I hadn't thought about Lulu in years, all along it's been allowed access to my profile, friend list, birthday, photos, and more. The app was sold to Badoo in 2016 and seems to be defunct now, which is probably for the best. But it's just one of the dozens of apps I've given permission to access my Facebook data over the years. And the list of them is quite a walkabout the past few years of the social web: There are some recognizable names in there, like Airbnb and Spotify, both of which required users to sign up through Facebook when I first got them. I also spy Words With Friends and various knock-offs, Draw Something, a quiz that tells you which Lost character you are (I'm a Hurley), and the app for the long-dead News Corp iPad-native newspaper, the Daily. Lulu might not even be the most embarrassing one—when did I give Facebook access to Kim Kardashian: Hollywood? I think of myself as fairly conscientious about these things—I've definitely gone in and disabled an app or two over the years—and yet my list is just as cluttered as anyone's, full of apps I never use and certainly wouldn't want to have access to the full or even partial dossier of what Facebook knows about me.
What previously might have looked like a case of bad digital hygiene now seems like potentially something much worse, thanks to what's come to light about Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook. The firm, which worked on the Trump presidential campaign in 2016, paid 270,000 users to participate in a 2014 personality survey to help the firm build psychological profiles. Those who signed up also gave permission for the app to scrape some of their data, and due to Facebook's rules at the time, apps were permitted to scrape not only information from users who signed up but also the information of their friends on the social network, which is how the number ballooned from something in the hundreds of thousands into the tens of millions.
You can see how this would have a person reconsidering every app they ever gave permission to access their Facebook data. If Lulu was craven enough to release an app that was all about superficially rating men, who knows what nefarious stuff it was doing on the down-low? Not to mention some of the apps I enabled back in the day that make Lulu look fastidious and well-thought-out in comparison. Anyone remembers whatwouldisay? It was a bot designed to create Facebook statuses based on your past updates, and I must have enabled it in 2013, because that was the year of its short-lived heyday. It was designed by a team of six graduate students at a Princeton Hackathon weekend, and I'm guessing they didn't put much effort into permissions at the time. Does that mean that, if, say, one of those six kids was running low on cash now or in the future, they or they could sell my profile data for a quick buck? Maybe! I have a bunch more similarly weird apps enabled—Zaarly? Playster?—and though I could disable them all now, what would that mean for the information they already have on me? Does it even matter, since apparently Facebook rules used to allow the apps people I was friends with were using to give up data on me, regardless of whether I gave permission? And what lesson should any of us take from this, other than we should be mindful of who can access our data and for how long, and/or that we might all be better off absconding to caves?
When I signed up to play a new game or to try a new startup service back in the halcyon days of Facebook being a not-scary place, I thought at worst I was subjecting myself to some spam, the digital equivalent of a few years of Pottery Barn catalogs. What many of us realized too late is that when the data operation is large and potentially leaky as Facebook's is, this information has applications beyond selling throw pillows. It might be used to elect a president.
Police said motorcyclist killed in crash was speeding
hello
Batavia police have identified the man killed Saturday in a motorcycle crash that happened after police tried to pull over the driver on a charge of speeding.
The driver was Joseph G. Graves, 31, of Batavia.
According to police, a marked Batavia police squad turned on its emergency lights and tried to make a traffic stop on Wind Energy Pass at Kirk Road. The officer observed the motorcycle driving south on Kirk at about 80 mph in a 45 mph zone.
After turning on to westbound Wind Energy Pass, Graves accelerated and then failed to stop at a stop sign at Wagner Road, police said. The motorcycle then hit the rear driver's side of a passenger vehicle backing into a private driveway.
Graves and a 23-year-old female passenger were ejected. Graves died at the scene. The woman is hospitalized in critical condition at Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital in Downers Grove.
Both were wearing helmets.
Police have not released the name of the passenger.
The Kane County sheriff's department is investigating the crash because of the Batavia Police Department's involvement.
A relative has identified the passenger as Melissa Roney and said a GoFundMe page called "Melissa's Saving Grace" will help with medical bills, child-care expenses and other costs, their sister said. Roney has two children, and they and Graves were a couple, Jaclyn Fadel said.
YOKOHAMA, Japan — Akira Nishino made their debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana.
In steady rain at Nissan Stadium, Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area. Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st.
Nishino, who will name their World Cup squad on Thursday, brought in substitutes Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Ozaki in the second half when Japan created more chances but was unable to beat Ghana goalkeeper Richard Ofori.
"We had chances but couldn't capitalize so it's a disappointing result," Nishino said. "I'm still considering many factors before tomorrow's announcement."
After only two weeks working with their players, Nishino opted for experience with defenders Tomoaki Makino, Makoto Hasebe and Maya Yoshida in front of goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima.
Also in the starting 11 was veteran Keisuke Honda, who played at right forward alongside Takashi Usami and Yuya Osako. Honda nearly scored midway through the first half but their angled shot from close range was denied by Ofori.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before the World Cup opens, and replaced them with Nishino.
In two World Cup warm-up matches, Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano, Switzerland, and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia, Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup. It has only twice reached the knockout round, losing both times in the last 16.
By Jim Armstrong, The Associated Press
Louis Fitzgerald, the veteran publican and hotelier whose family-owned group comprises 17 venues, is back on the acquisitions trail for the first time since the economy recovered.
Mr Fitzgerald has partnered with their son and nephew to buy the Gondola pub in Newcastle, west Dublin. It was on the market late last year for a price in the region of €800,000, sources said, and was sold ahead of an auction scheduled for October.
Mr Fitzgerald confirmed that they are providing financial backing for the purchase, and said the pub is to be renamed Annie May.
“My nephew, Eugene Spellman, had a pub, Roche's, down in the bog [in Donadea in Kildare ]. I was an investor in that, but it has been sold, so now my nephew and my son have bought the pub in Newcastle and I'm supporting it,” they said.
They said the pub also comes with a development site in the outer Dublin suburb, a short distance off the N7, not far from Citywest. The pub was marketed by John P Younge auctioneers as a mixed-use redevelopment site on one acre.
Stag's Head pub
They explained that the new name for the pub was an amalgamation of the names of their mother and their mother-in-law.
“Annie was my mother and they lived until they were aged 99. May was the name my wife's [ Helen Fitzgerald ]mother. So for the two lads [ Mr Spellman and Mr Fitzgerald's son, Barry Fitzgerald] the pub is named after their grannies.”
They said it is the only pub open in Newcastle, where they said there is an upsurge in demand for residential property. It is located less than a ten-minute drive from the Poitín Still on the N7, one of the flagship pubs in the Louis Fitzgerald group.
Mr Fitzgerald, whose group includes two hotels as well as well-known pubs such as the Stag's Head and Kehoe's, said their city centre pubs are trading well.
“But there doesn't seem to be an awful lot of properties for sale. We have a couple of properties lined up that we will try to redevelop,” they said.
In 2014, using backing from Broadhaven Capital and AIB, they refinanced €60 million of loans that had been acquired by Goldman Sachs from Anglo Irish Bank. Since then, their children have taken a more prominent role in the group.
“Niamh looks after the two hotels. Eddie operates the pubs, Barry looks after the maintenance of the buildings, and Louise does the marketing for the group.”
Most recent accounts for Burtse, a group company, showed sales of near €58 million and profits of €6.1 million for the year to the end of June 2016.
Nigeria condemns killing of citizen in South Africa
The latest killing brings to 20 Nigerians extra-judicially killed in South in 2016 alone.
The post Nigeria condemns killing of citizen in South Africa appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fine weather is drawing high numbers of walkers to the Kerry mountains, but the volume of human waste being generated is leading to concern.
The lack of toilet facilities to cater for hundreds of walkers each day now on the highest peaks of the MacGillycuddy Reeks, and on other popular hills, will have to be addressed, the spokesperson for a forum to protect and sustainably manage the reeks has said.
Patricia Deane, rural recreation officer with South Kerry Development Partnership, said excrement, and litter such as tea bags, on Ireland's highest peak, Carrauntoohil, has become a major challenge.
“People going to the toilet on the mountain is a year round issue and one of the big issues facing us on Carrauntoohil,” Ms Deane said.
The fine weather is bringing around 500 walkers each day, through the three main access points and onto Strickeen near the Gap of Dunloe.
Over the years, one of the access routes, Cronin's Yard, has developed facilities at the entrance. But there is a shortage of facilities and people are going to the toilet on the mountains.
The Reeks Forum – made up of landowners and community stakeholders — is meeting shortly to discuss the issue, Ms Deane said.
Meanwhile, waste left this week after campers in the fragile tombola that makes up one of the country's longest sandy beaches, the rare ecosystem of the Maharees in Brandon Bay, has shocked locals.
Maram grass
The Maharees Conservation Association, formed to protect the area from erosion, has spent days cleaning up after 30 or so people in tents who camped near a bridge and used the sand for toilet facilities. Heaps of bottles and rubbish were also collected.
There were just two campsites and people staying in the campsites helped with the cleanup.
Martha Farrell secretary of the association said they welcomed visitors to the wonderful area, but appealed to them “if you are able to bring it to the beach, bring it home”.
They were asking people to stick to the established paths through the dunes – walking on maram grass holding the dunes in place killed it.
And where possible, people should camp in the campsites, not the dunes,” they appealed.
Extra toilet facilities were needed, but this was not straightforward because the Maharees was an area of conservation, and the dunes were privately owned commonage.
Separately, local councillor for the area Michael O'Shea has called on the OPW and the National Parks and Wildlife Service and Kerry County Council to police areas of conservation such as the Maharees and to stop large groups threatening tourist gems .
Public toilet facilities were needed on the Blasket as well as Skellig Michael. Car parks and traffic management was also needed around the Dingle peninsula.
The county was attracting more and more tourists but was “starved of facilities”, including toilet and parking areas to cope with the increase tourist numbers, they said.
Ironically, Rory McIlroy's mood temporarily slipped into one of a darker shade, of deep thought. While all around them the evidence was of a holiday feel – sunshine, shorts, 99s and majestic scenery – the tournament host of the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open here at on the Glashedy Links delved inside their mental process in trying to figure out how to achieve their full potential.
“People don't understand how mental the game is,” said McIlroy of an area they have sought to manage on their own without joining a queue into a psychiatrist's office. “I feel as if my mental approach to the game can be just better, that [it] could make the world of difference . . . . [to] not be careful, not try to be too perfect. Not to try to control things that you can't control, [to] just go out and play your game. You know, get out of your own way, I guess . . . I just need to get back to playing the game like I was a teenager.”
McIlroy's comments come on the back of a disappointing US Open last month where they adopted a rather conservative gameplan and paid the price of a missed cut. Just how aggressive they can be here on a link with fairways and greens firming up remains to be seen, but the 29-year-old Northern Irishman certainly seems to have taken a look inside their own head in their attempts to kick on.
Major titles
Not that their CV is in any way shabby, not in any way. With four Major titles and a total of 95 weeks spent as world number one, McIlroy has already achieved a lot more than the majority of players can ever dream of doing. But they want to channel that bank of experience going forward, to go back to the past in a way.
“I'd like to think all the experience that I've gained over the past 10 years of being a pro will only help me be a better player going forward. Everything that I've done over those past few years, as long as I put the adequate time in to maintaining the physical side of the game, in terms of being able to hit the ball well and do all that stuff, with all the experience I've gained, I feel I'll be better equipped to handle certain situations. I feel like it can only be an advantage . . . I've done well so far to get to this point. There is more left in the tank.”
McIlroy will seek to get the process going here on terrain they selected as tournament host, a link created by the design team of Pat Ruddy and Tom Craddock but which is likely to lack the defence of any strong winds for the tournament. It could make for a birdie fest, with Graeme McDowell going out of their way during the pro-am to prepare their playing partners – who just happened to be club officials – that it could take a 25-under-par total to win.
Whether it will require anything like that will, of course, depend on course set-up and also on the wind (or lack of it). Whatever it takes to win, it takes, and McIlroy – in their fourth and final year as tournament host – didn't give much credence to any suggestion that the field, for a €6 million purse, was in any way weak.
Busy
There are six players from the world's top 50 playing. But McIlroy pointed out there are more world ranking points in Ballyliffin than the Greenbrier on the PGA Tour. “Look, people can't play every week. It's busy. I understand more than everyone else. I don't want to try to twist anyone's arm to play because I know I say no to guys all the time, and why would I expect them to say yes to me when I say no to them?
“I think it's just the nature of world golf. It's two weeks before The Open Championship. Obviously the Scottish Open [next week] has got a great date to attract some of the overseas players that want to be here for two weeks. I think it's a bit too much to ask for some players to stay three weeks over here, and especially it's Fourth of July today, which obviously is American Independence Day.”
It is what it is, with or without them, a great tournament on a great links; and McIlroy is part of a strong Irish contingent seeking to fend off invaders from literally every part of the globe. Perhaps it will be the time they start to play like a carefree teenager again, in going back to the future.
THURSDAY
(Irish and British unless stated)
FIRST TEE - MORNING
07:30 Mark Foster, Pedro Oriol (Esp), Ashun Wu (Chn)
07:40 David Drysdale, Jens Dantorp (Swe), James Morrison
07:50 Chris Hanson, Grégory Havret (Fra), Henric Sturehed (Swe)
08:00 Adrien Saddier (Fra), Phachara Khongwatmai (Tha), Ashley Chesters 08:10 Matthew Baldwin, Andrea Pavan (Ita), Benjamin Hebert (Fra)
08:20 Laurie Canter, David Horsey, Robert Rock
08:30 Stephen Gallacher, Jason Scrivener (Aus), Oliver Fisher
08:40 Marcus Fraser (Aus), Steven Brown, Nino Bertasio (Ita)
08:50 Peter Hanson (Swe), Matthieu Pavon (Fra), Scott Hend (Aus)
09:00 Soomin Lee (Kor), Brandon Stone (Rsa), Jacques Kruyswijk (Rsa)
09:10 Ricardo Gouveia (Por), Sam Horsfield, Wade Ormsby (Aus)
09:20 Nico Geyger (Chi), Renato Paratore (Ita), Charlie Ford (Eng)
09:30 Ruaidhrí McGee, Jason Norris (Aus), Marc Warren
AFTERNOON
12:30 Marcel Siem (Ger), Paul Waring, Richard Sterne (Rsa)
12:40 Pablo Larrazábal (Esp), Thomas Detry (Bel), Lee Slattery
12:50 Austin Connelly (Can), Dean Burmester (RSA), Gavin Moynihan
13:00 Peter Uihlein (USA), Julian Suri (USA), Haotong Li (Chn)
13:10 Paul Dunne, Alexander Levy (Fra), Matt Wallace
13:20 Matthew Fitzpatrick, Thorbjørn Olesen (Den), Rory McIlroy
13:30 Shane Lowry, Lee Westwood, Thomas Pieters (Bel)
13:40 Robert Karlsson (Swe), Russell Knox, Alexander Björk (Swe)
13:50 Darren Clarke, Thomas Bjørn (Den), Danny Willett
14:00 David Howell, Thongchai Jaidee (Tha), Paul McGinley
14:10 SSP Chawrasia (Ind), Gonzalo Fernandez-Castaño (Esp), George Coetzee (Rsa)
14:20 Scott Fernandez (Esp), Richie Ramsay, Hideto Tanihara (Jpn)
14:30 Zander Lombard (Rsa), Felipe Aguilar (Chi), Raphaël Jacquelin (Fra)
10TH TEE
MORNING
07:30 Ryan Evans, Fabrizio Zanotti (Par), Marcus Kinhult (Swe)
07:40 Scott Jamieson, Brett Rumford (Aus), Matthew Southgate
07:50 Nicolas Colsaerts (Bel), Ryan Fox (Nzl), Jorge Campillo (Esp)
08:00 Yusaku Miyazato (Jpn), Mikko Ilonen (Fin), Adrian Otaegui (Esp)
08:10 Mikko Korhonen (Fin), Dylan Frittelli (Rsa), Andy Sullivan
08:20 Graeme McDowell, Jon Rahm (Esp), Rafa Cabrera Bello (Esp)
08:30 Pádraig Harrington, Chris Wood, Kiradech Aphibarnrat (Tha)
08:40 Jamie Donaldson, Eddie Pepperell, Lucas Bjerregaard (Den)
08:50 Søren Kjeldsen (Den), Jordan Smith, Shubhankar Sharma (Ind)
09:00 Carlos Pigem (Esp), Tapio Pulkkanen (Fin), Jinho Choi (Kor)
09:10 Edoardo Molinari (Ita), Erik Van Rooyen (Rsa), Alvaro Quiros (Esp)
09:20 Bradley Neil, Cian McNamara, Simon Thornton
09:30 Gavin Green (Mas), David Lipsky (USA), Mike Lorenzo-Vera (Fra)
AFTERNOON
12:30 Daniel Brooks, Sébastien Gros (Fra), Cormac Sharvin
12:40 Oliver Farr, Jeff Winther (Den), Neil O'Briain
12:50 Richard Bland, Andrew Dodt (Aus), Joakim Lagergren (Swe)
13:00 Andres Romero (Arg), Grégory Bourdy (Fra), Jeunghun Wang (Kor)
13:10 Romain Wattel (Fra), Lasse Jensen (Den), Chris Paisley
13:20 Matthew Nixon, Darren Fichardt (Rsa), Nacho Elvira (Esp)
13:30 Thomas Aiken (Rsa), Bradley Dredge, Matteo Manassero (Ita)
13:40 Daniel Im (USA), Trevor Immelman (Rsa), Justin Walters (Rsa)
13:50 Connor Syme, Adam Bland (Aus), Callum Shinkwin
14:00 Clément Sordet (Fra), Sam Brazel (Aus), Colm Moriarty
14:10 Rak hyun Cho (Kor), Christiaan Bezuidenhout (Rsa), Haydn Porteous (Rsa)
14:20 Chase Koepka (USA), Matthias Schwab (Aut), Julien Guerrier (Fra)
14:30 Lorenzo Gagli (Ita), Maximilian Kieffer (Ger), Aaron Rai
FRIDAY
1ST TEE
MORNING
07:30 Daniel Brooks, Sébastien Gros (Fra), Cormac Sharvin
07:40 Oliver Farr, Jeff Winther (Den), Neil O'Briain
07:50 Richard Bland, Andrew Dodt (Aus), Joakim Lagergren (Swe)
08:00 Andres Romero (Arg), Grégory Bourdy (Fra), Jeunghun Wang (Kor)
08:10 Romain Wattel (Fra), Lasse Jensen (Den), Chris Paisley
08:20 Matthew Nixon, Darren Fichardt (Rsa), Nacho Elvira (Esp)
08:30 Thomas Aiken (Rsa), Bradley Dredge, Matteo Manassero (Ita)
08:40 Daniel Im (USA), Trevor Immelman (Rsa), Justin Walters (Rsa)
08:50 Connor Syme, Adam Bland (Aus), Callum Shinkwin
09:00 Clément Sordet (Fra), Sam Brazel (Aus), Colm Moriarty
09:10 Rak hyun Cho (Kor), Christiaan Bezuidenhout (Rsa), Haydn Porteous (Rsa)
09:20 Chase Koepka (USA), Matthias Schwab (Aut), Julien Guerrier (Fra)
09:30 Lorenzo Gagli (Ita), Maximilian Kieffer (Ger), Aaron Rai
AFTERNOON
12:30 Ryan Evans, Fabrizio Zanotti (Par), Marcus Kinhult (Swe)
12:40 Scott Jamieson, Brett Rumford (Aus), Matthew Southgate
12:50 Nicolas Colsaerts (Bel), Ryan Fox (Nzl), Jorge Campillo (Esp)
13:00 Yusaku Miyazato (Jpn), Mikko Ilonen (Fin), Adrian Otaegui (Esp)
13:10 Mikko Korhonen (Fin), Dylan Frittelli (Rsa), Andy Sullivan
13:20 Graeme McDowell, Jon Rahm (Esp), Rafa Cabrera Bello (Esp)
13:30 Pádraig Harrington, Chris Wood, Kiradech Aphibarnrat (Tha)
13:40 Jamie Donaldson, Eddie Pepperell, Lucas Bjerregaard (Den)
13:50 Søren Kjeldsen (Den), Jordan Smith, Shubhankar Sharma (Ind)
14:00 Carlos Pigem (Esp), Tapio Pulkkanen (Fin), Jinho Choi (Kor)
14:10 Edoardo Molinari (Ita), Erik Van Rooyen (Rsa), Alvaro Quiros (Esp)
14:20 Bradley Neil, Cian McNamara, Simon Thornton
14:30 Gavin Green (Mas), David Lipsky (USA), Mike Lorenzo-Vera (Fra)
10TH TEE
MORNING
07:30 Marcel Siem (Ger), Paul Waring, Richard Sterne (Rsa)
07:40 Pablo Larrazábal (Esp), Thomas Detry (Bel), Lee Slattery
07:50 Austin Connelly (Can), Dean Burmester (RSA), Gavin Moynihan
08:00 Peter Uihlein (USA), Julian Suri (USA), Haotong Li (Chn)
08:10 Paul Dunne, Alexander Levy (Fra), Matt Wallace
08:20 Matthew Fitzpatrick, Thorbjørn Olesen (Den), Rory McIlroy
08:30 Shane Lowry, Lee Westwood, Thomas Pieters (Bel)
08:40 Robert Karlsson (Swe), Russell Knox, Alexander Björk (Swe)
08:50 Darren Clarke, Thomas Bjørn (Den), Danny Willett
09:00 David Howell, Thongchai Jaidee (Tha), Paul McGinley
09:10 SSP Chawrasia (Ind), Gonzalo Fernandez-Castaño (Esp), George Coetzee (Rsa)
09:20 Scott Fernandez (Esp), Richie Ramsay, Hideto Tanihara (Jpn)
09:30 Zander Lombard (Rsa), Felipe Aguilar (Chi), Raphaël Jacquelin (Fra)
AFTERNOON
12:30 Mark Foster, Pedro Oriol (Esp), Ashun Wu (Chn)
12:40 David Drysdale, Jens Dantorp (Swe), James Morrison
12:50 Chris Hanson, Grégory Havret (Fra), Henric Sturehed (Swe)
13:00 Adrien Saddier (Fra), Phachara Khongwatmai (Tha), Ashley Chesters 13:10 Matthew Baldwin, Andrea Pavan (Ita), Benjamin Hebert (Fra)
13:20 Laurie Canter, David Horsey, Robert Rock
13:30 Stephen Gallacher, Jason Scrivener (Aus), Oliver Fisher
13:40 Marcus Fraser (Aus), Steven Brown, Nino Bertasio (Ita)
13:50 Peter Hanson (Swe), Matthieu Pavon (Fra), Scott Hend (Aus)
14:00 Soomin Lee (Kor), Brandon Stone (Rsa), Jacques Kruyswijk (Rsa)
14:10 Ricardo Gouveia (Por), Sam Horsfield, Wade Ormsby (Aus)
14:20 Nico Geyger (Chi), Renato Paratore (Ita), Charlie Ford (Eng)
14:30 Ruaidhrí McGee, Jason Norris (Aus), Marc Warren
In another life, Alison O'Donnell may have been a household name. We could have been meeting in an upmarket restaurant that they had been chauffeured to, or perhaps in a glitzy dressingroom backstage at a gig (the kind that attracts both hipsters who are still discovering their music and their parents, their original fans). Today, we'll have to settle for coffee in a quiet corner of a busy hotel bar in Dublin, its patrons oblivious to the fact that one of Ireland's most prolific folk musicians is in their midst.
O'Donnell has several theories for why their music is not as celebrated or well-known as it should be in Ireland, but none of them are laced with bitterness. “I think a bit of it might have been the fact that I was away for 28 years,” they say, shrugging. “I remember Donal Lunny said to me once ‘Andy Irvine should be more famous, but he's not because they spent so much time away – they forget about you here.' There's an element of truth in that, I think.
The Dalkey-born singer has enjoyed a heightened level of attention thanks to their second solo album
“It's not for want of fame, or anything, it's a want to be recognised for one's work. If I had stayed here, I might have ended up as a judge or something on one of these [reality] TV shows,” they add with a chuckle. “But there wouldn't have been as much creation or performance involved. It wouldn't have been as... fun.”
It's difficult to see how O'Donnell's eclectic back catalogue could be trussed up as “commercial”. In recent weeks, the Dalkey-born singer has enjoyed a heightened level of attention thanks to their second solo album Climb Sheer the Fields of Peace, which they released last month at the age of 64. Them musical journey began more than five decades ago when at the age of 11, they formed a band called Mellow Candle with two schoolfriends, Clodagh Simonds and Maria White.
Cult classic
“It was unusual for two girls at the time, and nobody else was really doing the music we were doing at the time. I think we realised quite quickly that we were going to be able to produce something, when we were older, that was quite different. We just had a feeling, and we were very single-minded about it in school.”
What began as a childhood band became more serious when they released their first single on Simon Napier-Bell's SNB label in 1968. White eventually fell away and the line-up solidified as a five-piece, releasing an album, Swaddling Songs in 1972. It has since become a rare collector's item and cult classic, but can be streamed in full on YouTube.
In those days, everything was quite cut and dry; you either drank alcohol, or you smoked dope
By now under the wardship of Thin Lizzy's manager Ted Carroll, the band played on line-ups with the likes of Genesis, Donovan and Georgie Fame, but struggled to find a foothold for their proggy, experimental folk sound. “Ted tried their best to take us to the next level, but we were really before our time, I think,” nods O'Donnell. “He couldn't get us into the rockier venues that Thin Lizzy were doing and we were okay in some of the folk venues – but when we got a drummer, some of them thought we were too rocky.
“We were really falling between two stools, and in those days, everything was quite cut and dry; you either drank alcohol, or you smoked dope. It was very rigid in pre-conceived ideas about where you fitted in, and how you fitted in – particularly when it came to music. And we didn't really fit in.”
Cast adrift and struggling to get gigs, Mellow Candle split acrimoniously – “skint and completely crushed” – in 1973. O'Donnell moved to South Africa with their husband at the time (and the band's guitarist) Dave Williams, and embarked on their international musical odyssey that would span almost three decades, forming bands and collaborating with countless jazz, folk, rock and blues musicians.
Experimental collective
“I'm a team player,” they say of their collaborative nature. “I just like working with people who are doing different things. I've been part of a jazz duo, I've been in rock bands, I've done stuff with an operatic voice... it's just really exciting. I once did a gig with [English doom metal band] Cathedral, and I got up on stage with them in The Academy a few years ago. That was really something else, it was deafening – but it was great fun.”
After a move to London in the mid-1980s, music fell by the wayside as they worked a public sector job and raised their daughter but they returned to it full-time when they moved back to their home city in the late 1990s, although claims that they found it initially difficult to regain their footing. “I'd been away in other places doing stuff, but people didn't know that,” they nod. “I just bounced on in, this much older woman: not easy.”
There is one song about their elderly mother's dementia, another refers to the torrid political state of the world
Happily, O'Donnell eventually found their people, striking up a particularly robust relationship with United Bible Studies, an expansive and prolific experimental collective that they have been a core member of since 2008. It was also that group's de facto leader Dave Colohan who encouraged their solo work – and although their debut Hey Hey Hippy Witch was released in 2009, it is the new, home-recorded one that is striking a chord with a wider audience, thanks to its offbeat sensibility and their remarkable voice leading to comparisons with Kate Bush (which they are amused by, attributing the comparison solely to the fact that they are singing in a higher key this time around).
The album deals with darkness and sorrow – there is one song about their elderly mother's dementia, another refers to the torrid political state of the world – but it is lightened by themes of nature inspired by their childhood beside the sea in Dalkey.
‘Torrent of creativity'
The irony of the resurgence of interest in Mellow Candle in more recent years outside of Ireland and in places as far-flung as Japan is not lost on her, either – but with their former bandmate Clodagh Simonds currently making music under the Fovea Hex moniker and unwilling to return to the past, there is no hope of a reunion, despite the repeated calls for one over the years. The only way for this accidental cult hero, in that case, is onward – and there are already four more projects on the boil, including one that indulges their love of trad.
I just want to do stuff all the time, because I know a day will come when I can't
“The thing is, I'm very driven because I'm much older than everyone else,” they say. “Because I dropped out between 1985 and 1995 and did that whole ‘rat race in London' stuff and raised my kid, there was a torrent of creativity that was pent up for 10 years, and it's still coming out. I just want to do stuff all the time, because I know a day will come when I can't; I have quite bad arthritis and maybe in five years, I might not be able to travel as much.
“I'd like to perform these songs live but I'm not sure how, yet. But I'm going to be 65 in October, but my voice is in the best nick of my life – so as long as that lasts and I can write and record at home, I can at least do that. I want to be able to do it forever. There are guys who are 35 who'll be able to do it for another 40 years – I can't,” they say smiling. “So I'll do it until I drop – or I just can't any more.”
Climb Sheer the Fields of Peace is out now on Mega Dodo Records
Outside Phoenix, Arizona, in a suburb called Tempe, a self-driving Uber SUV struck a woman around 10 PM on Sunday night. The vehicle was confirmed to be operating in self-driving mode at the time of the collision. There was an operator in the driver's seat of the vehicle at the time of the incident although it is unknown whether any attempt was made to avoid a collision.
The woman struck was a pedestrian crossing the street outside of a marked crosswalk. They were taken to the hospital and later pronounced dead from their injuries. Uber has since issued a statement, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family," and has agreed to fully cooperate with investigators on the matter.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has already sent a crash investigation team out to the scene. This marks the first time that an autonomous vehicle has been responsible for the death of a pedestrian. Although consumers have placed high levels of trust into self-driving technologies, this event could be a major setback to acceptance of autonomous vehicles.
NTSB sending team to investigate Uber crash in Tempe, Arizona. More to come. — NTSB_Newsroom (@NTSB_Newsroom) March 19, 2018
Uber has since suspended all testing of self-driving vehicles until the investigation is closed. Alphabet's Waymo and General Motors have both been testing in the Phoenix area due to its friendly stance towards self-driving vehicles. Neither company has commented on whether their plans will change as a result of this incident.
Self-driving Volvos were moved from California to Arizona after the California Department of Motor Vehicles barred Uber from testing on public roadways. Arizona Governor Doug Ducey originally welcomed new technology declaring, "Arizona welcomes Uber self-driving cars with open arms and wide open roads."
Even though the pedestrian was outside of a marked crosswalk, questions are still raised as to how software should handle similar situations in the future, assuming sensors were able to detect a human at all. Legislators will certainly be taking a further look into the situation before allowing autonomous vehicle technologies to continue testing on public roadways.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola felt their half time switch to three centre backs was one of the few positives to come out of Birmingham City 's latest defeat.
Blues were over-run in the first half as Aiden McGeady inspired Preston to a 1-0 interval lead that could in truth have been much larger.
However, a half time switch to 3-5-2 paid early dividends when Che Adams equalised and the visitors looked much more stable - until the hosts hit a 78th minute winner.
"It helped, I thought it was good, I was planning to do that, it was already in my mind for a while," they said.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
"Today - after the first half, it was necessary, I think it worked very well."
However, Blues were undone by a really poor start in which they were a goal down inside ten minutes - just as they were at Sheffield Wednesday on Friday night .
It is a failing that is blighting them at present.
"We said it last week, we talked, we addressed it but then the players at the moment can't give their best because probably they feel the situation and have lost a little bit of confidence.
"I am here for them, I am going to always be here for them but we need to mature a little bit, we need to be more prepared and tougher to beat."
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
However, they refused to criticise captain Craig Gardner for their late sending off.
"The second foul was a little bit of frustration, they shouldn't have done that.
"But he's a player who has got a lot of passion and I can understand that."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Brian Dick: Blues MOTM Share this video Watch Next
BEIJING — Jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate and dissident Liu Xiaobo has been released on medical parole after being diagnosed with late-stage liver cancer, their lawyer said Monday.
Liu was in stable condition at the China Medical University No. 1 Affiliated Hospital in the northeastern city of Shenyang, their lawyer Mo Shaoping told The Associated Press. Liu was diagnosed on May 23, Mo said.
It was not immediately clear if Liu was being allowed visitations.
Liu, China's best-known political prisoner, was sentenced to 11 years in prison after being convicted of inciting state subversion in 2009 for writing and disseminating Charter '08, a document calling for democracy.
The following year, they were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize by the Norway-based Nobel committee, a move that has greatly angered the Chinese government. In April, Beijing normalized its relations with Oslo after a six-year hiatus.
The news of Liu's diagnosis has shocked and saddened fellow human rights activists in China.
“It's known that Liu Xiaobo and their family have made a tremendous sacrifice for the cause of freedom and democracy for China,” said Shanghai-based legal scholar and human rights activist Zhang Xuezhong. “This is unfortunate news for them and their family, and it's a blow to China's democracy movement, as so many people have placed hope in him, and rightfully so.”
Without further information on Liu's medical condition, Zhang said that no effort should be spared to treat Liu, and that their family must be fully informed of their treatment plans. “His life is so important that I think they should get the best possible treatment with full knowledge of their family, even if it means some compromises” with the government, Zhang said.
Geng Shuang, a spokesperson for China's foreign ministry, said they were not aware of the latest development in Liu's case.
Mathew Knowles opened up about growing up and their experience with racism in the South. According to BET, they revealed they dated White women and thought when they met ex-wife, Tina Lawson they were White. In their new book, “Racism: From the Eyes of a Child,” they talked about how their mother had a hard time being Black.
Follow @TheRSMS
Knowles said, “When I was growing up, my mother used to say, ‘Don't ever bring no nappy-head Black girl to my house.' In the Deep South in the '50s, '60s and '70s, the shade of your Blackness was considered important. So I, unfortunately, grew up hearing that message.” This made them date women of different races.
In their book they also open up about going to therapy and how it helped them face a lot of their past. Knowles said, “I have a chapter in the book that talks about eroticized rage. I talk about going to therapy and sharing — one day I had a breakthrough — that I used to date mainly white women or very high-complexion Black women that looked white. I actually thought when I met Tina, my former wife, that they were white. Later, I found out that they aren't, and they were actually very much in-tune with them Blackness.”
RELATED: Beyonce's Mom Tina Lawson Nails Tina Turner Impersonation [VIDEO]
RELATED: Did Beyonce's Father Mathew Knowles Do Drugs? [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Why It's Obvious Beyonce & Mathew Knowles Aren't Speaking [EXCLUSIVE]
The Latest:
Lost luggage is part and parcel of international travel; although in Graeme McDowell's case the loss of their golf clubs – which went AWOL somewhere in Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris – provided unnecessary stress on two fronts: firstly, they were forced to withdraw from final qualifying for the British Open; and, secondly, they were left without clubs for their prep work on arrival here at Ballyliffin Golf Club.
McDowell's original plan to compete in The Open qualifying at St Anne's on Tuesday was thrown into disarray on flying from Paris to Manchester and discovering their clubs had not travelled with him. A worker without the tools of their trade, they took to Twitter to express their exasperation and also to look for help in finding a way for Air France to find them.
Without their own clubs McDowell decided to withdraw from the 36-hole final qualifier for The Open at Carnoustie next month aware that they have a further two chances – at this week's Irish Open and next week's Scottish Open – to secure a late exemption, with three players from the top 10 in each tournament getting into the Major.
A large number of respondents on social media wondered why they did not simply rent a set of clubs in order to compete at St Anne's (where 72 players battled for three spots). They explained: “It is difficult to replicate your exact set of clubs. I don't physically have a back-up for my gamer set. I don't carry a back-up set with me. I've a back-up driver; it's in my set, which are in Paris. I use specific shafts, head weights, loft and lies, grips, a lot of moving parts.
Odds against me
“Maybe I could have competed to a certain level, and it could have had a happy ending, but the odds were against me. I had to pull the plug in favour of coming here and getting ready for the Irish Open.
“People were lighting me up on Twitter, you expect that. A lot of people understood. I used Twitter to try and get help from Air France and to explain why I'd to pull a rip cord on Open qualifying. It's not my last chance.
“In hindsight I should have flown private or drove. But there was a perfectly-timed flight heading from Paris to Manchester. I was trying to do the sensible thing. It's created a lot of traction. I got on Twitter looking for help. Some people were upset why I didn't try and qualify. If it had been my last-chance saloon, if there wasn't three spots here this week for The Open and three next week in Scotland, of course I'd have tried [to qualify]. Playing 36 holes with new clubs at a tricky course with just three places I didn't feel odds were not in my favour.”
Middle of the night
So it was that McDowell found themselves in Ballyliffin earlier than planned; and their clubs, eventually found in Charles de Gaulle, rerouted via Dublin and due to arrive in Co Donegal in the middle of the night in time to use them in Wednesday's Pro-Am.
McDowell did manage to get in nine holes of practice on the course on Tuesday evening, using a set of clubs from the Srixon tour truck. But he'll have their own clubs, with their own specifications, in use for when it matters in the tournament.
IBM is announcing new tools for building artificial intelligence, blockchain, data and cloud solutions. The company announced the release of more than 120 code patterns designed to help developers better search for open source code.
“These patterns do the dirty work for the developer – they are curated packages of code, one-click GitHub repos, documentation and resources that address some of the most popular areas of development, including AI, Blockchain, Containers and IoT. These patterns will help developers get right to the task at hand, giving them more time to innovate and build,” Angel Diaz, vice president of developer technology and advocacy at IBM, wrote in a post.
In addition, the company announced its enterprise Bot Asset Exchange solution. The new solution supports bot developer communities by providing ready-to-use, domain-specific conversation logic. Users can also use the exchange to deploy IBM Watson Conversation bots to their desired platforms, according to the company.
“The exchange is built on the principles of community and leverages a shared economy, so developers can learn from one another, while earning prizes and recognition through a point system for active users. With the market for chatbots exploding – and only expected to continue to rise – this exchange gives developers the ability to quickly discover, configure and deploy their own bots,” Diaz wrote.
The tools are built on a three-pronged strategy: code, content and community. For the community part, the company also introduced the IBM Coder Community designed for developers building IBM technology. The community will be available to all developers for free.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
The actor Cynthia Nixon announced that they are running for New York governor on Monday, in a move that will pit them against the incumbent Democrat, Andrew Cuomo.
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” Nixon said. They posted a campaign video which focuses on inequality and the need for education reform – Nixon is a longtime education activist in New York City.
“I'm a proud public school graduate and a prouder public school parent,” Nixon says in the video.
“I was given chances I just don't see for most of New York's kids today.
“Our leaders are letting us down. We are now the most unequal state in the country with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty.”
Nixon will face a tough battle against Cuomo, who is running for their third term as governor, although the incumbent was given a closer-than-expected run by the progressive Zephyr Teachout in 2014.
Defender of public education
Nixon, who would become both the first female and first openly gay governor of New York, became a vocal defender of public education in the early 2000s, when then New York mayor, Michael Bloomberg, proposed cutting the schools budget.
They also campaigned for same-sex marriage before the supreme court ruling in favour in 2015 and fundraised for New York City mayor Bill De Blasio in their 2014 campaign. Nixon spoke at the Women's March in January 2017 and at the progressive People's State of the Union event earlier this year, and has been a vocal critic of Donald Trump.
“We want our government to work again – on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway,” Nixon said in the launch video.
“We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
A request for comment sent to Nixon's representative was not immediately returned.
– Guardian
By Chinedu Adonu
ENUGU – FOLLOWING the announcement by the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) for a sit at home protests in the Southeast and South-South regions of the country on May 30, in remembrance of men, women and children who died during the Biafran war, Enugu State has witnessed total compliance in observing the day.
A tour around Enugu town by Vanguard showed that few movements were noticed as shops, markets and schools remain closed with few people seen around.
Although few commercial transport businesses were seen making brisk business and picking up few commuters who had come out.
At the ever busy Main Market Enugu, virtually all the shops were closed except for a few. Those opened were seen selling to few customers who came to make purchases.
A business person at Ogbete main line who deals on cosmetics and medical products, Cosmas Agbo said even though their business and shop is open, they have the Biafran cause at heart.
“Even though my shop is opened, I support the Biafran struggle and my heart is with them. Nobody has come to my shop to buy but I'm still here,” they said.
“I came to the market but I did not open my shop because I am observing the Biafra Day in remembrance of our fallen heroes who died during the war. As you can see, there is almost total compliance in the market. People are showing solidarity for the Biafra cause. Those who came out and opened their shops are mostly family people who are looking for what their children will eat and you can't blame them because of the situation in the country,” said Chijioke Igwilo another trader in the market.
At the railway line of the market, all shops are closed with about five people seen walking fast along the line.
At New Market, shops were closed except for one or two who opened along the road sides to make sales.
“I just came out because I don't even know what is going on. I was not informed and nobody told me anything about it and I didn't see the IPOB people. We have children you know,” Eke Juliana a trader in the market said.
Mohammed Musa said “I came to buy things in the market but didn't see anybody to buy from.”
A tricycle rider who didn't disclose their name said “I love what these people (IPOB) are doing by organising this type of events. It shows commitment and unity. Even the police and army are moving about but didn't see anyone to arrest because the protests were well coordinated. I was very young during the war and I knew what I saw then. Dead bodies everywhere and the injured littered in the hospitals. War is not good at all but the Igbos are being marginalised too much.”
In Nsukka, markets, shops and activities and social engagements were on partially as few people were seen moving about major spots in the area.
At Ogige market, few traders were seen opening their shops and business places while many others are under lock and keys.
Other traders are seen milling around in front of their shops, while others are seen in small groups having chats and conversation about the days developments.
At some transport companies in the area, few buses were seen parked in the premises with few commuters purchasing tickets for their journey.
“They said we should not open our shops so I just decided to come around and see what is happening. I just want to be around my shop in case something bad happens,” Okey Eze, one of the traders in the market said.
Another trader, Pius Ugwu said “We are remembering our heroes today especially those who died during the war between 1967-1970. They were killed by Nigeria and their foreign allies. The injustice done to the Igbos is too much. We are being marginalised in practically everything from politics, military, and infrastructural development. This is not a lie. If you move about you will see it for yourself,” they said.
A visit to some secondary schools and tertiary institutions in Enugu showed total compliance in the remembrance day celebration.
At Community Primary School, Nike, no pupil was seen around the school premises. Doors and windows to classrooms were totally locked and no other resident in the area was seen for comments.
At National Grammar School, Nike, Enugu, no students or regular teachers were seen in sight aside from few teachers who are living at the staff quarters in the compound.
A visit to some offices especially that of the principal and teachers showed padlocks fastened to the doors.
At the Enugu State College of Education (ESCET), some of the non academic staff were around, having chats in their offices as even few students were seen milling around the compound. No lecture halls were seen busy with academic activities.
A visit to five banks in town showed that most banks started operation between 9 -10 a.m, while some of the banks that are at the outskirt of the metropolis did not open even as at 12 noon.
Those banks that opened recorded low turnout as this correspondent entered to observe the customer rate at one of the old generation banks along Okpara Avenue.
About five customers were seen in one of the new generation banks while one of the security men in one of the banks along the area turned this reporter away and said “We are not open for business today except for our ATM. You can go to other banks down there if you want to make transactions inside.”
When asked why, they refused to explain.
However, SP Ebere Amaraizu, Enugu State Police Command spokesperson, said that the command had made adequate deployment to ensure that no resident would be molested or intimidated by any alleged pro-Biafra group or hoodlum.
Amaraizu noted that as at 1 p.m. the command had not received any reported case of breakdown of law or authorize assemblage of pro-Biafra group members anywhere.
“We have deployed all our officers and men in every major place especially known black spots in the state; while scores of our patrol teams are roving the whole state.
“The command is not leaving anything to chance even as we had synergized with our sister security agencies and formations to ensure no body causes panic in any form in the state,'' they said.
This reporter observed that armed police officers were stationed in every major bus stop and markets in the metropolis aside the plain cloth officers as well.
German foreign minister on Monday underlined saving the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) signed between Iran and the Group 5+1 (the US, the UK, Russia, China and France plus Germany) in 2015.
Speaking to reporters in Brussels, Heiko Maas described Iran's nuclear deal as an important deal and stressed continuation of consultations with their European counterparts, in particular, the French and British foreign ministers to protect the JCPOA, IRNA wrote.
The German official who was speaking before meeting of the European countries' foreign ministers stressed dialogue with Iran.
Also, the German Foreign Ministry in a statement said that the European Union seeks protection of nuclear deal with Iran.
The statement called for dialogue with Iran to remove concerns about its missile program and its role in the region.
Activists march toward Trump International Hotel during a protest against the Trump administration's proposed travel ban on Oct. 18 in Washington. Drew Angerer/Getty Images
It might sound strange to say that when I was a child in Kabul, Afghanistan, I was lucky. There was a war, there were armed militias stopping families and raping women. There were rockets and blackouts. In the end, though, my family was able to get out before it was too late. We came to the U.S. and were granted asylum. We settled in California, and 10 years later my parents earned their U.S. citizenship.
Ultimately, I was lucky, and I'm grateful. But I can't help but compare my story to the stories of thousands of refugee children on whom we have turned our back as a nation. Children are being gassed in Syria, drowning in the Mediterranean, and being pulled out of the rubble while our president is on the record demonizing them as security threats.
The United States has resettled 44 Syrian refugees since October and just 11 since the start of this calendar year. During the same 3 ½–month period in 2016, that number was 790.
Against this troubling backdrop, it is chilling to confront the reality that the highest court in our nation, the gatekeeper of justice and equal treatment before the law, may move to uphold a ban based on religious animus in a country that claims to aspire to uphold religious liberty.
The shamefully low refugee intake numbers over the past year demonstrate that refugees are already suffering the devastating effects of Trump's xenophobia and anti-Muslim prejudice. I work for one of the nine refugee-resettlement agencies in the U.S.—Church World Service—and I have witnessed this firsthand.
I think of a client who spent most of their life—more than two decades—in a refugee camp in Kenya. After being registered with UNHCR, the United Nations refugee agency, they were cleared to come to the United States. Their caseworkers advised them that they should go to the U.S. without their wife because revising their application to reflect their newlywed status would mean having to start over for both of them. Shortly after they left, their wife told them they were pregnant. Nearly a year later, they and their son were cleared to join him. But the White House blocked their entry. My client's son is now 2 years old, and they have never seen their father except through FaceTime. How this toddler might be a national security threat to the United States has never been explained.
For the average citizen, it's very difficult to envision the real human suffering that attaches itself to our disgraceful refugee policy. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments on the Muslim travel ban. Our leaders have been closing the country's doors on the international community since Trump took office, and if our highest court upholds the Muslim ban, those doors will slam shut.
It is hard to look at that stomach-turning discrepancy and not see transparent prejudice.
The travel ban has barred U.S. entry for foreigners, immigrants, and refugees from Muslim-majority countries for months now, with the devastating drop in refugee entry as perhaps the most startling example of this. The U.S. is now on track to resettle less than half of the 45,000 ceiling Trump promised this fiscal year. This is 63,000 fewer people than the almost 85,000 that were resettled in the final year of Obama's presidency.
According to the Niskanen Center, of the already low number of refugee resettlements, Trump's State Department is resettling European refugees at more than four times the rate as refugees from Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean; more than twice the rate as refugees from East Asia; and more than five times the rate as refugees from the “Near East/South Asia.” It is hard to look at that stomach-turning discrepancy and not see transparent prejudice.
Not only is our nation turning its back on refugees, but the current administration is selectively closing our borders to refugees of primarily African and Middle Eastern majority-Muslim nations. The only plausible explanation is racial and religious discrimination: If those numbers aren't definitive proof of this administration's xenophobic agenda, I don't know what is.
Ultimately, it's important to remember that Trump's discrimination has always been overt. During their campaign they shared lies about the American Muslim community in New Jersey, and called for a total and complete shutdown of Muslim immigration to this country. Upon taking the presidency, they shared anti-Muslim tweets from an avowed hate group in the U.K.
While a ruling against the Muslim ban wouldn't magically increase our refugee intake numbers, it would allow already vetted refugees and immigrants their right to entry. It would unite separated families. It would underscore our constitutional commitments to freedom of opportunity no matter someone's religion, race, or ethnicity.
As a nation, we're now faced with a moral choice. As Americans, we can tell our Muslim, refugee, and immigrant neighbors that they belong, and affirm our belief in freedom of religion and equality of opportunity. Or we can turn them away and reject the very promise of our own Constitution. The Supreme Court has a checkered history on these issues, but it must stand on the right side of history—or be rightfully remembered for this moment in lasting shame.
The Supreme Court is changing. Three new Justices are taking office, including Lady Black, who is only the second woman to serve on the UK's highest court. The first, Lady Hale, was this week officially sworn in as President of the Supreme Court, making them the UK's most senior judge. Lady Hale was appointed a member of the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords – then the UK's top court – in January 2004, which became the Supreme Court in October 2009.  They are by any measure not only an extremely experienced judge, but also a legal trailblazer. What will their appointment as President mean for the law?
One should not overstate the importance of their new office. The President may be the UK's most senior judge but is responsible for a court of only twelve judges (contrast the leadership role of the Lord Chief Justice) and the President's main duty is to determine the size and composition of the panels that hear appeals. The Court usually sits in panels of five, but sometimes seven or nine Justices will sit in the most important cases. Exceptionally, all the Justices sat in Miller (the Article 50 case). It will be for Lady Hale to decide how often the Supreme Court sits in larger panels.
Lady Hale's tenure as President will be short: they must retire no later than early 2020. However, they will leave their mark on the future composition of the Court itself. At least three vacancies will arise during their tenure – Lord Mance, Lord Hughes and Lord Sumption are all due to retire in 2018 – and the President chairs the commission that recommends candidates for appointment as a Justice. The judges who sit on this commission tend to enjoy a decisive say on who is recommended for appointment. As a staunch supporter of judicial diversity, Lady Hale is likely to press for some (or all) of those three vacancies to be filled by non-traditional candidates (i.e. not by white men).
Perhaps the most important power that the President enjoys is that of the bully pulpit. A well-timed intervention by the Court's President can guarantee press headlines, as shown by Lord Neuberger's summer warning that judges needed clarity about how UK law would develop after Brexit. Lady Hale has a reputation for being outspoken. They have gone further in some extra-curial speeches than is prudent, most notably when last autumn they broke the ‘golden rule' that judges do not discuss individual cases by commenting publicly in Malaysia about the Article 50 litigation which was then heading for the Supreme Court. Lady Hale subsequently expressed surprise that a speech in Malaysia had caused such a stir back in the UK. Given the frenzy surrounding the Article 50 litigation, this was a striking instance of political naivety from such an experienced judge. It will be interesting to see whether Lady Hale tempers their remarks in their new role.
Lady Hale's long judicial service means that their outlook is no mystery. Philosophical differences amongst our judges matter and Lady Hale clearly adopts a relatively expansive view of judicial power.  They are an enthusiast for the judicial role that the Human Rights Act introduced, sees the courts as pivotal in protecting minorities from (legislative) majorities, and is not as willing as other judges to defer to other institutions or to hew so closely to settled law.
In Jackson, the 2005 challenge to the Hunting Act, Lady Hale was one of a handful of judges to speculate about whether judges might in future be able to impose limits on parliamentary sovereignty. In Yemshaw, a case about homelessness, Lady Hale led a quasi-unanimous court in radically re-interpreting the Housing Act, introducing a new approach to statutory interpretation that invites judges to depart from what they know Parliament originally intended. In Doogan, the Glasgow midwives case, Lady Hale led their colleagues in interpreting legislation in such a way as to undercut the Abortion Act's protections for conscience, while avoiding questions about the human rights of conscientious objectors.
In Nicklinson, the challenge to the Suicide Act, Lady Hale was willing to go even further than the European Court of Human Rights in demanding that Parliament decriminalise assisted suicide. They were one of only two judges (of nine) willing then and there to declare the Suicide Act incompatible with human rights, even though the matter had clearly not been the subject of proper argument before the Court. Litigation challenging the Suicide Act is before the High Court now and will almost certainly make its way back to the Supreme Court soon.
Lady Hale is not always the most radical member of the court. In Evans, the case about disclosure of the Prince of Wales's letters to ministers, they joined Lord Mance, now Deputy President, in misconceiving the statutory scheme Parliament enacted in the Freedom of Information Act. This led Lady Hale to wrongly order the release of the letters, thereby quashing the Attorney General's exercise of their statutory power to block disclosure. But they resisted the then President, Lord Neuberger, who sought effectively to rewrite the legislation so as to remove the power altogether. Still, Lady Hale, usually joined by Lord Kerr of Tonaghmore (former Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland), often opts for more adventurous adjudication. In Tigere, they quashed government policy of limiting student loans on the basis of immigration status, giving short shrift to arguments about the importance of that status and showing themselves willing to extend a right to education well beyond the right recognised by the European Court of Human Rights.
It is only in some cases that these differences in judicial philosophy loom large. But those cases matter, not only because of their direct public importance but also because they frame future litigation and adjudication. Lady Hale is not a maverick. Them approach to the law, especially to constitutional law, is shared by many lawyers, scholars, and some judges, in the UK and elsewhere. In becoming President of the Supreme Court, Lady Hale takes up an important public office, which they will discharge conscientiously and with good humour. The office will amplify the voice they give to a well-known approach to judicial power, one that we think highly problematic. However, it remains the case that Lady Hale, like every other Supreme Court Justice, has only one vote. Them appointment will not itself transform the Court. The future of the Court will turn instead on how many of their colleagues, on any particular panel and at large, share the same philosophy and how closely the public and elected representatives follow the exercise of the Court's jurisdiction and stand ready, when occasion calls, to address its misuse.
Richard Ekins is Fellow of St John's College, Oxford and Head of Policy Exchange's Judicial Power Project. Graham Gee is a member of Policy Exchange's Judicial Power Project and a fellow at the University of Sheffield
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have put out an appeal to trace a wanted Redditch man.
Detectives from Leamington are calling on the public to help locate 40-year-old John Bennett.
Officers would like to speak to them as they may have important information about a sexual assault in Studley.
A Warwickshire Police spokesperson said: "He is described as white, 5ft 11in tall, and of slim build.
"He is thought to have links to Redditch and Birmingham as well as the wider West Midlands and Worcestershire areas.
"Anyone who may have seen John or anybody who has information as to their whereabouts is asked to call 101."
Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Twice a week, Kim Pelonis makes the two-hour round trip with their son, Christian, so they can prepare for Rockshop Academy's Annual Showcase.
“My son was really shy and didn't like to get in front of people, and after one week of Rockshop they were tearing up the stage,” Pelonis said. “It has also opened up a whole new group of friends who play music, so now they have a new family that's kind and supportive.”
The Rockshop Academy has expanded from a summer camp to a year-round venture that helps advanced young musicians improve their craft.
George Pendergast, former drummer for Dishwalla and Penfifteen Club, transformed Mike's Drum Shop, 1109 De la Vina St., into a school of rock with the help of former Dishwalla manager David Young and marketing director Terry Baxter.
Pendergast and their team have been helping their students pin down guitar licks and perfect their stage presence for their upcoming Annual Showcase, at 5 p.m. Sunday at The Savoy, 409 State St.
“George is really passionate, and they extend that to the kids and they feed off it,” Young said.
Pelonis has been making the long, biweekly drive because their son “absolutely loves it,” they said. “It's hard to find someone with George's experience with Dishwalla. The kids think it's cool and want to hear firsthand what it's like to be on the road and how they started from nothing and became a success.”
Pendergast has been running the nonprofit program for three years at Mike's Drum Shop, a 40-year staple of the Santa Barbara community that has provided thousands of drumming lessons.
“You watch this disbelief come over them when they realize they are creating this (music),” Pendergast said. “That never gets old. It's amazing every time.”
Some parents told Young it has changed their lives watching their kids “turn the corner.”
“Watching these kids turn a corner and believe in themselves in a way they never did before is the best part,” they said. “There's something about the group dynamic, peer-to-peer instruction and being up on stage that creates the best atmosphere. These guys are really good and put on a really entertaining rock show. It's a complete blast.”
The quality is something one would expect to see from professional musicians, Baxter said.
“We are a team, a family,” they said. “Once kids come through this program, they are Rockshop for life.”
Click here to purchase tickets online.
Click here for more information on Rockshop Academy, or call 805.962.1211. Connect with Rockshop Academy on Facebook. Follow Rockshop Academy on Twitter: @RockshopAcademy.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
'Intel Is a Mess': Flaws, Stock Sale To Overshadow Results
For Intel, 2018 has been nothing short of a nightmare. Even if Intel reports strong quarterly earnings later Thursday, it might not be enough to restore the luster of the semiconductor leader that's been dulled by controversies involving a pair of chipset flaws and the legitimacy of a $24 million stock sale by Chief Executive Brian Krzanich [pictured above].
The flaws, called Spectre and Meltdown, and Krzanich's late 2017 stock sale aren't expected to sink Intel's fourth-quarter earnings results, which come out after Thursday's stock-market close. But for Intel, the brouhaha over both matters will likely cast more of a shadow over the company's reputation than whatever Intel says about its latest earnings and sales.
"Intel is a mess," said Rob Enderle, director of tech research and consulting firm the Enderle Group. "Much of what the firm is doing is smoke and mirrors. If things keep going the way they are, then they are likely to discover what rarely occurs: negative brand equity."
In a Jan. 15 "Security-First Pledge" on Intel's website, Krzanich said Intel had issued updates for at least 90 percent of Intel CPUs introduced in the past five years, and would issue updates for the remaining CPUs by the end of the month. Then, the giant Santa Clara-based chipmaker will focus on issuing updates for older products. They said Intel is learning that its software and firmware patches have varied impacts on performance, and they committed to keeping customers updated on patch progress and performance.
"Our customers' security is an ongoing priority, not a one-time event," Krzanich said in the statement. "To accelerate the security of the entire industry, we commit to publicly identify significant security vulnerabilities following rules of responsible disclosure and, further, we commit to working with the industry to share hardware innovations that will accelerate industry-level progress in dealing with side-channel attacks."
When Intel reports its fourth-quarter results Thursday, Wall Street analysts estimate the company will turn in a profit of 87 cents a share, on $16.34 billion in sales.
Intel itself has said it believes it will earn 86 cents a share, on sales in a range of $15.8 billion to $16.8 billion. Among the main areas that will get a lot of scrutiny Thursdays will be Intel's data-center business, which analysts estimate will report sales of $5.09 billion, or about 9 percent more than the same period a year ago.
The financial impact on its quarterly results from the Spectre and Meltdown flaws is estimated to be small.
"We believe recent concerns about chip security flaws related to Intel are overblown and have largely been addressed," said Angelo Zino, of CFRA Research. "Krzanich addressed the issues at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas and stated that the company has not yet received any information that the two security exploits have been used to access customer data."
But the extent of the flaws -- estimated to potentially affect virtually every single modern PC, server and mobile device on Earth -- and the public perception about Intel allowing such flaws to occur, and being almost unable to stop them, have created a sense the chip company has given up on trying to fix the matter.
Of course, Intel is trying to solve the problem. But this week, the company seemed like it couldn't even do that correctly, as it urged people to stop installing Intel's own security patches on the grounds that the patches caused computers to operate erratically.
And then there's the impact of Krzanich's stock sale on Intel's reputation.
Late last year, Krzanich sold off half of their Intel stock holdings. They also exercised all the vested stock options they owned, in deals that made them $25 million. The moves brought their ownership stake to the minimum level they are required to maintain according to their employment contract.
Intel said Krzanich's stock sale was part of a pre-arranged plan. However, the timing of the sales, which came near when Intel is said to have first learned about the Spectre and Meltdown flaws, has raised some concerns about whether Krzanich might have violated federal rules on trading stocks based on corporate inside information.
"They are trying to make the huge CEO stock sale look like it was programmatic," Enderle said. "Which is, at best, misleading given it was authorized in October after the problem was known to Intel but before it was announced to the world."
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Walden Kirsch/Intel Corporation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Flying Ant Day 2017 is fast approaching - and Brummies will need to be careful.
Soon, huge flying ants will be appearing across the West Midlands.
The insects, which appear across the UK, have given birth to what has become popularly known as 'Flying Ant Day'.
Yes. Really.
Flying Ant Day sees scores of the little creatures landing on clothing of residents across the UK - and Birmingham is no different.
The flying ant period can actually last a few weeks, but experts say it typically builds up to a specific day.
On said day, residents can witness MILLIONS of flying ants all over the country as they fly around merrily (and annoy all of us).
What is Flying Ant Day?
Male and female ants will sprout wings and venture out of their nests, seeking ants from other colonies to mate with.
It's a giant ant party, in many respects, with millions enjoying their "nuptial flight".
Why does it happen, though?
Good question.
Experts say the nuptial flight is a crucial part of the insect's developments, allowing them to reproduce and spawn scores of other creatures.
During the flight, virgin queens mate with males and then land to start a new colony.
The large numbers of flying ants which appear in a short space of time increase the chance of reproduction.
So, it's pretty important.
What species are the ants?
If you're swatting away the little creatures from your white work shirt, you'll be interested to know the variety is known as the Lasius niger.
Tell me more about them.
Their nests have a single queen and typically around 5,000 workers.
This figure can stretch to three times that number, though.
The ants you see over the course of the year will be mostly workers collecting food for their colony - and they are all female.
They survive for about a month, while the flying ants you see once a year are males and young queens.
Queens can live for over 10 years and spend most of their lives in their nest.
New queens, however, will leave to mate and found a colony of their own.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When will it occur?
That's tough to say - but it'll be soon.
It is thought Flying Ant Day occurs when a spell of wet weather is followed closely by hot humid weather.
Queen ants take their cue from the weather to seek males to mate with.
How do I get rid of them?
You can do anything from spraying the ants with effective agents, to catching them with sticky tape or tin cans.
Should I get rid of them?
Perhaps not.
They aerate soil, help to cycle nutrients, improve garden fertility and control pests.
Flying ants also provide a vital food resource for many species of birds, particularly swifts and gulls.
So, they may be annoying, but they do a lot of good.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
West Ham United 0 Manchester United 2
Manchester United's winning run marched on into the new year at the London Stadium with a tight, lop-sided but still oddly inevitable 2-0 defeat of West Ham pegged out around two decisive moments. The first was a Mike Dean joint, the Premier League's most theatrically interventionist referee choosing to send off Sofiane Feghouli with 13 minutes gone after a challenge with Phil Jones that saw both men tackle strongly but fairly.
With the match scoreless at half-time José Mourinho then intervened, demonstrating the muscle in this United squad by bringing on Juan Mata and Marcus Rashford, who combined for the opening goal. Zlatan Ibrahimovic's second, lashed in from an offside position continued their own sublime run of form, a 12th goal in as many games that will no doubt once again have their critics, such as they are, eating their balls.
West Ham will feel hard done by after a game and well-drilled rearguard skewed by that early red card. But United continued to look like a team gathering some genuine momentum. Victory in a bitty game, 48 hours after their last, leaves them in sixth place, but playing here with a sense of strength in reserve.
There was a genuine stodginess to the early exchanges here on a chilly, clear, post-festive evening in east London. It was West Ham who brought the first waves of noise rolling around the distant ends of this vast open egg-shaped bowl, some slick interplay between Feghouli and Dimitri Payet putting Manuel Lanzini in space for a low shot that David De Gea plunged to palm wide.
With 14 minutes gone the key moment of the night arrived. Michail Antonio chested the ball back, Feghouli made an honest but not malicious attempt to reach the ball, as did Jones. Both men stretched. No studs were raised, although Jones came off slightly worse in the tangle. Mike Dean took their time then flourished – the word is apt – a straight red card. It was a poor decision, a referee interfering needlessly, and indeed ruinously in the flow of a match.
ADVERTISEMENT
It was at the very least a mistake of Olympian scale, fitting the sweeping gestures, the imperial hauteur of the match official, a referee who clearly feels each football match they attend is a spectacle made up of three interlocking forces, Team A, Team B and Mike D.
The red card switched the flow of possession. United kept the ball in midfield as West Ham fell back into a hard-pressing 4-3-2 shape. Mourinho had made five changes here, with Anthony Martial rested and Jesse Lingaard coming in. In theory the front line retained its balance of speed and mobility either side of Ibrahimovic, but on this wide pitch, against a team down to nine outfield players, the absence of Martial suddenly seemed poignant. Havard Nordveit was a fill-in at right back but United barely troubled them in the opening half-hour.
They should have scored with 34 minutes gone though. Ibrahimovic played a crossfield pass to Henrikh Mkhitaryan. Their cutback found Antonio Valencia in the middle, but their scuffed shot was straight at Darren Randolph, who scooped it away on the line. The ball then trickled to Jesse Lingard who somehow managed to hit the post, completing a horrible double miss. On the touchline Mourinho looked appalled, whirling around in search of someone to share their disgust before noticing the rest of their dugout were 50 metres behind them in the elbow joint of this ill-shaped arena.
West Ham pressed back, Lanzini's curling shot drawing another nice clawing save from De Gea, after a jink and a pivot on the edge of the box. And a scoreless half-time came to the expected chorus of Mike Dean-related boos, only partly drowned out by an immediate blast of jarring and irrelevant music from the deafening stadium PA system.
Mourinho made the change at half-time that would prove decisive, bringing Carrick back into defence and sending on Mata for Matteo Darmian to lurk usefully just behind Ibrahimovic. Things continued to almost happen. Cheikhou Kouyaté escaped without a card after a horrible tackle on Henrikh Mkhitaryan. Antonio leapt prodigiously and almost got their head to Payet's free-kick from the right touchline.
As United dominated possession around the edge of the West Ham box Mourinho brought on Rashford for Lingard, sticking them out on the far left touchline to finally test that weak right side. Still West Ham fought gamely, Lanzini keeping the ball brilliantly in tight spaces and just on the hour skittering forward to put Antonio in on goal with a lovely little through pass. De Gea saved with their legs, but Antonio had time and space to find a corner. They really should have scored.
West Ham were duly punished two minutes later with a goal made and scored by Mourinho's two substitutes. Rashford ran at Nordveit, beat them twice, and laid back a neat little pass for Mata in space. Their finish was instant and decisive, drawing a huge wave of pent-up relief from the away supporters.
United were cruising now as West Ham's energy levels sagged a little. Paul Pogba picked up a loose Payet pass and shot just wide. Andy Carroll entered finally to test that rejigged back line and immediately drew a little barging panic from Jones. United held on and with 78 minutes gone Ibrahimovic lashed in their second, a goal that summed up both West Ham's night and United's sense of ominous momentum.
(Guardian service)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAS VEGAS (CBSMiami/AP) — Stop me if you've heard this one; a lawyer and a magician walk into a courtroom…
Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield is due to return to the witness stand in a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims they were seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in one of Copperfield's signature illusions in 2013.
The magician resumes testimony Tuesday after last week revealing secrets behind a trick that appears to make volunteer audience members vanish onstage and appear a few moments later in the back of the theater.
Plaintiff Gavin Cox of Kent, England, alleges they fell after being hurried by stagehands through an MGM Grand hotel alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial bids to close proceedings to the public to avoid revealing performance secrets
Cox and their wife are seeking unspecified damages.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
By Matt Citak
As sports fans, we sometimes take things for granted. It's not entirely our fault. In this day and age, it just seems as if we've just seen everything. So when something truly special happens, it doesn't always attract the appreciation it deserves.
Such is the case for the amazing rivalry that has developed between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers over the last few seasons.
We have seen some mighty clashes over the years. There's no denying that the competition during the 1980s between Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers and Larry Bird and the Boston Celtics was fierce.
From 1980-1989, at least one of these two teams was represented in each NBA Finals. The Lakers took home five titles, while the Celtics managed to win three. Los Angeles and Boston owned the decade, but at the end of the era, these two legendary franchises only met in the championship three times in four years.
A look at rivalries in other sports reveals similar storylines.
The Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers lead the way for the NFL, having met three times in the Super Bowl. However these three match-ups occurred in 1976, 1979, and 1996. You'd have to go all the way back to the early 1950s, before the NFL-AFL merger, to find the same two teams vying for a championship in three consecutive years (the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns, 1952-1954).
>>MORE: NBA Coverage
In the NHL, you also have to turn back the clock to the early 50s, when goalies did not wear face masks, to find the sport's latest and only trilogy. The Detroit Red Wings and Montreal Canadiens met in the Stanley Cup Finals from 1954-1956. No two teams have done this since.
It's been almost a century in MLB. The New York Giants and the New York Yankees are the only teams to meet in three straight World Series, and it happened from 1921-1923.
Intense rivalries, at the highest level, do not happen often. This is why what the Cavaliers and Warriors have accomplished over the last few years is a truly spectacular.
For the first time in American sports history, two teams will go toe-to-toe in the championship for the fourth consecutive year.
But it didn't always look as if the Warriors and Cavs' round-four matchup would happen.
Golden State dealt with injuries to all four of the team's all-stars this season. Kevin Durant and Steph Curry sat out the most of the four, combining to miss 45 games during the regular season. Curry was also absent in the postseason until Game 2 of the Conference Semifinals.
Golden State then had to get past a Houston Rockets squad that led the league in wins and was structured to match up against this Warriors squad, which obviously was no easy task. They lost former Finals MVP Andre Iguodala in Game 3, and found themselves down 3-2 — backs to the wall — heading into Game 6.
But the Warriors battled and found a way to persevere, winning Games 6 and 7 to clinch their spot in the Finals.
Things looked even more uncertain in Cleveland this season. After Kyrie Irving forced their way out of town last summer, LeBron James was left with a rather weak supporting cast.
Upon struggling throughout the first half of the season, the Cavaliers shook things up at the trade deadline. Cleveland sent six players packing to various cities while infusing the team with some youth by acquiring Jordan Clarkson, Larry Nance Jr., George Hill and Rodney Hood.
The Cavs finished the season as the Eastern Conference's No. 4 seed, and needed seven games to get past the Indiana Pacers in the first round of the playoffs. Things also looked gloomy during the Eastern Conference Finals, as James and Co. went down 3-2 against the Celtics.
But as we've seen many times before, James put Cleveland on their back and guided the team to back-to-back victories, even playing all 48 minutes in Game 7.
LeBron has now scored 612 points in the 2018 playoffs, the most ever in a single postseason heading into the Finals. They need only 148 points to break Michael Jordan's record of 759 points in the 1992 postseason, and considering that they are averaging 34.0 points per game through the first three rounds, this seems like a realistic accomplishment.
So NBA fans, one year later, we are right back where we left off — Golden State vs. Cleveland, Round 4. And everyone should be thrilled with this Finals matchup.
We must applaud what these two franchises have done over the last four seasons. We should enjoy watching five of the last six NBA MVPs who will play in this matchup.
And, most importantly, we should appreciate the moment, as we are watching something that has never been done before, and may never happen again.
We are witnessing American sports history.
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow them on Twitter.
Love knows no boundaries and social media users made sure they rode on the Valentine's Day wave to make their voices heard. While some commented on the current political climate and issues facings immigrants in the US, others expressed love for their family, friends and even food. #LoveWithoutBorders was one of the more popular hashtags related to the day.
The world would be a better place if we practice LOVE & KINDNESS for all. #LoveWithoutBorders #Kindnessmatters #ReligiousFreedom pic.twitter.com/2F3uPuOJO0 — Daman Deep (@daman161113jal) February 12, 2017
They said God loves all their children
While why can't God's children see each other through their eyes?#LoveWithoutBorders #LoveBlindly — Lizette M Decorte (@mayeleydis) February 13, 2017
May every Christian extend their arms wide open with the loud and resounding message WE ARE YOUR NEIGHBOR! #lovewithoutborders #muslimban — Scott Bakken (@Scottcbakken) January 29, 2017
This is the face of true love🖤🖤 #LoveWithoutBorders pic.twitter.com/xh1Ip9B1rQ — Devann Taylor (@dpt316) January 15, 2017
‏@TaelsSara
Love is like a rollercoaster, with ups and downs. You can´t stay with your head in the clouds forever. #love #LoveWithoutBorders #passion
Watch & share this #ValentinesDay video. @UNFPA is working to put an end to child marriage https://t.co/fGaEtksN4Q pic.twitter.com/HTcMFPF1md — United Nations (@UN) February 12, 2017
— Compiled by Huda Tabrez/Community Web Editor
FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2016, file photo, John Blaine Reed is shown during their arraignment at Snohomish County Courthouse in Everett, Wash. A jury found Reed, 55, guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Patrick Shunn and second-degree murder in the death Monique Patenaude. They face life in prison. The Herald via AP, Pool, file Andy Bronson
Image caption Aria hopes to become Miss Transgender UK
In 2018, beauty pageants are probably as popular as ring girls in boxing or grid girls in Formula 1.
But one competition is going from strength to strength.
The prize is gender reassignment surgery in Thailand worth thousands of pounds.
The catch is contestants are required to be transgender.
Scotland's only entrant in the Miss Transgender UK competition, now in its third year, is 26-year-old Aria Welsh from Perth.
Aria was born a man and lived as Thomas until the age of 23.
Image copyright Aria Welsh Image caption Aria Welsh wants to wear the crown for real
They told BBC Scotland's Kaye Adams Programme: "When I was at school I was very feminine and flamboyant and got bullied quite a lot.
"People would call me gay. I thought because they said that, it must be true.
"I was attracted to men. So I lived life as a gay man for a while and met my now ex-fiance.
"But the wedding was coming up and I wanted to be who I am, so I came out to them and it was the beginning of the end for our relationship."
When they look back, all the signs were there.
Image copyright Bea Wood
Bea Walsh - Miss Transgender UK 2017
Bea Walsh, 29, said they won a voice when they took the title last year.
"It has given me a platform to go further and be listened to and people are listening to me now.
"The title is really about becoming a spokesperson for the trans community because we don't have one.
"It is about telling people that being trans is okay and being a role model.
"I would tell Aria to never give up, put your heart into it and spread the message."
Make sense
Interested in makeup and beauty, Aria had taken part in drag shows and eventually they didn't want to take the make-up or the clothes off.
"I started thinking back to when I was younger and I used to wrap a towel around my head and swing it around like it was long, flowing locks, and I used to sneak in when my mum was at work to try on them shoes.
"My childhood started to make sense."
Aria started transitioning socially three years ago and says it was a watershed moment: "It was like the biggest weight had been lifted off my shoulders.
"And when I started hormone therapy, that was an even bigger weight.
"It was literally like a sense of calm, a sense of relief that everything was going to be okay. And that this was the beginning of the rest of my life."
Miss Transgender UK is a pageant with a difference.
Image copyright Bea Wood Image caption Contestants use the contest as a platform to speak about transgender issues
Those who make the final take part in "traditional" evening gown and talent rounds but in order to be selected for the final the contestants have to compete in raising the most cash for their chosen charity.
The final takes place in Cardiff in November and one lucky winner gets £10,000 worth of transgender surgery.
Aria is campaigning for SANDS, the stillbirth charity.
They said: "It is not a traditional pageant. It's not to do with the outside. It's to do with you heart - your community, who you are raising money for and how you conduct yourself on and offline.
"My little brother was stillborn 15 years ago. I don't know where I would be without their help when I was younger.
"It was one of the hardest times of our lives as a family."
Image copyright Aria Welsh Image caption Aria has a good support network around them
Aria has great support from their family - their mum and their gran. They get upset hearing about parents disowning their children.
They want to be Miss Transgender UK to give something back.
They said: "I want to be someone people look up to and think they can do it too.
"Last night on social media someone opened up to me - they felt like they had been trans since they can remember but they are married and have children - that touched me and I always said if I can help one person, all the tough things I have been through will have been worth it."
UPDATE: Firefighters have battled through monsoon-like rain to control a fire at St Mary's Catholic Church.
Five engines were called to battle the blaze, with first responders struggling to break through the structure's front doors.
Two firefighters tamed the fire from inside the building, while a sole firefighter exhausted the flames from the northern side of the church.
It's believed a lightning strike sparked the blaze, and fire crews managed to have it under control by 4pm.
The billowing smoke could be seen from the Warwick CBD and a convoy of onlookers pulled over to witness the blaze unfold.
Fire crews, police and an ambulance services remain at the church.
EARLIER: FIREFIGHTERS are frantically battling a fire that has broken out at the iconic St Mary's Catholic Church.
It is believed lightning ignited the blaze, with fire crews struggling to gain access to the historic sandstone building.
Smoke is billowing from the roof of the church and crews are hosing the affected areas.
The electrical storm hit Warwick about 3.30pm, bringing heavy rains, strong winds and lightning.
Power cuts have been reported in west Warwick.
There is a wonderful account on irishwaterwayshistory.com, titled Canal Boat Sketch, which details a journey from Portobello Harbour to Ballinasloe in 1862 on a horse-drawn barge. This was a key mode of transport prior to the introduction of rail, and it tells of turf fires, euthanising chickens for dinner by candlelight, and a caged canary who refuses to quell their song.
A century and a half later the only boats on this stretch of waterway are the pleasure barges which gathered recently for the Portobello Harbour Festival.
Number 10 Portobello Harbour, is a mid-terrace house dating from the late 1800s just a few doors down from the Lower Deck pub, a Dublin institution that has been happily serving up pints since the 1830s.
It is home to Emmet Doherty, a health and fitness instructor, and their sister Julia, a fashion designer who uses one of the bedrooms at hall level as a studio. The pair have lived here with their family for the past 33 years.
Occupying 156sq m (1,679sq ft) of space, the property currently has four bedrooms; two at hall level and a further two on the upper floor. The principal bedroom is large enough to split in two – should new owners wish to use one of the bedrooms at hall level as a reception room.
At garden level, there is an open-plan living/dining area which in turn leads to the kitchen and out into the rear garden.
While new owners will want to update parts of the house, it retains its period features including the exposed brick wall on the stairwell and ceiling roses, and its southerly aspect allows lots of light into the rooms.
There is strong demand for housing in Portobello, and stock is an ongoing issue. The area is attractive due to its cultural history, leafy canal walks and proximity to the city centre and local eateries.
Bracken Estates is handling the sale of number 10 which has an asking price of €850,000.
Jermaine Lavone Brown Sr. of Princess Anne, criminal summons served 6-22-18 for theft over $10,000, and acting as a contractor without a license. Brown was released on signature pending court actions.
Mark Steve Ridgway of Princess Anne, criminal summons served 6-22-18 for 1st degree assault. Ridgway was released on signature pending court actions.
Antwine Lamont Whittington of Salisbury, arrested 6-24-18 for driving while under the influence of alcohol, driving while impaired by alcohol, and or drugs, possession of marijuana under 10 grams, and negligent driving. Whittington was
later released on citations pending court actions. The arrest was the result of a traffic stop conducted by Deputies in the area of Crisfield Highway, and Kingston Lane,
David Thomas Wheatley Sr. of Princess Anne, criminal summons served 7-2-18 for 2nd degree assault. Wheatley was later released on signature pending court actions.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
National Desk
At least 80 people have been hospitalized in recent days following ferocious sandstorm in southeastern province of Sistan-Baluchestan, head of the province's crisis management office said on Monday.
Gholamreza Arbabi said that sandstorm has sent at least 250 people to hospitals and medical centers in the past three days. They added that most of the people were briefly treated, however 80 of them were hospitalized for more treatment, IRNA reported.
They said that most of them were suffering breathing and heart problems.
Harsh weather conditions in the province, a result of annual ‘120-day winds', have caused the amount of suspended particles in the air to rocket, exceeding the maximum permitted levels by 14 times.
Layers of dirt on cars, streets and just about everything else outside are a common scene that people in Sistan region have seen every day in recent days as dust storms continue to roar through the region.
The Iranian Red Crescent Society has been distributing masks and foodstuff to residents in the rural areas. Meteorologists have warned the residents to avoid staying outdoors.
Residents can now save an average of 16 percent on their monthly bills
Before the rainy season arrives, get a free rain shutoff sensor for your sprinkler timer.
That's been a message from the city of Santa Barbara Water Conservation Program since 2007. Today, there's a new message: We now know that residents can reduce their winter water consumption (and their bills) by an average of 16 percent with a rain shutoff sensor, according to water resources specialist Cathie Paré.
To calculate the savings, Paré determined the average water use in winter months over the three-year period before the rain shutoff sensor installation, and compared that with the average water use of winter months after the installation. Since 2007, more than 1.4 million gallons of water has been saved by the 313 water customers who have installed rain shut-off sensors. Larger properties with water meters dedicated to irrigation saved even bigger — 36 percent.
A rain shutoff sensor automatically stops the sprinkler timer from watering during and immediately after a rain event. Depending on the soil and the weather, residents may not need to turn the sprinklers back on for extended periods of time after a soaking rain. Rain shutoff sensors work best for short off periods. For extended periods, turn sprinkler timer to “off” position.
Additionally, during winter months, homeowners should reduce their watering to a fraction of the summer watering schedule. Most sprinkler timers have a “seasonal adjust” feature that easily allows homeowners to decrease the amount of watering with the seasons.
Click here for the Weekly Watering Index value, and then type that value into their seasonal adjust feature. This will automatically adjust what percentage of their peak watering schedule to apply during other seasons.
On average, a household with a rain sensor could save more than 4,500 gallons of water over one rainy season. To be one of those households, call the city's Water Conservation Program at 805.564.5460, schedule a free water checkup and get a free rain shutoff sensor.
— Alison Jordan is a water conservation coordinator for the City of Santa Barbara.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for witnesses to the last known movements of an elderly woman who was found dead in their Sutton Coldfield home.
Beryl Hammond, aged 81, was found at their house in Ebrook Road on Saturday afternoon.
Concerns were raised after the pensioner had not been seen for some time and police officers, conducting a “safe and well” check, found their body when they called at the house.
Mrs Hammond's son, Darren Hammond, 41, who lived with their mother, was due to appear before Birmingham magistrates on Monday charged with their murder.
Now police are trying to find anyone who saw Mrs Hammond in recent weeks as they attempt to establish their last known movements.
Det Insp Caroline Corfield, from force CID, said: “Although formal identification is yet to take place, we are confident the deceased is Beryl Hammond who lived at the address in Ebrook Road where their body was discovered.
“I am seeking witnesses to Beryl's last known movements and also those of their son, Darren Hammond, to help us understand more about the sad circumstances of their death.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
“I would like to hear from anyone who had contact with or saw Beryl or Darren in recent months, even if you do not believe the contact to have been significant.
“The investigation continues and I again appeal for anyone who has any information they believe would assist the case to come forward.”
Anyone with information on the pair's movements is asked to call police on 101.
Kamal Haasan, the veteran actor, is one of the finest talents Indian film industry has ever seen. As we all know, Kamal Haasan is not only an exceptional actor, director, and writer, but also a strong follower of Indian cinema.
Photo Courtesy: Behindwoods
Recently, the multifaceted talent picked their 70 all-time favourite Indian films, for the 70th Independence day special edition of Hindustan Times. Interestingly, Kamal Haasan's favourites list include eight Malayalam films, something which the industry can be proud of.
Have a look at Kamal Haasan's favourite Malayalam films here....
Chemmeen (1965) The first film in Kamal's favourites list. The classic movie, which was an adaptation of Thakazhi's classic novel of the same name, was directed by Ramu Karyat. Chemmeen had featured Sathyan, Sheela, and Madhu, in the lead roles.
Anubhavangal Paalichakal (1971) The movie, which featured the legendary Prem Nazir-Sathyan duo, was also adaptation of Thakazhi's popular novel of the same name. The movie was scripted by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by KS Sethumadhavan.
Nirmalyam (1973) The movie, which was written and directed by MT Vasudevan Nair, was an adaptation of their short story Pallivalum Kalchilambum. Nirmalyam won the National Film Award of 1973, for the Best Feature Film, while PJ Antony won the Best Actor trophy.
Swapnadanam (1976) Swapnadanam, which has been considered as one of the finest works of KG George, is another Malayalam film in Kamal Haasan's favourites list. The highly acclaimed movie has won the National Film Award of 1976, for the Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Kodiyettam (1978) The fifth film in Haasan's list is Adoor Gopalakrishnan's classic movie, Kodiyettam. Bharath Gopi went on to bag the National Film Award trophy for the Best Actor, for their performance in the acclaimed movie.
Ee Nadu (1982) Kamaal Haasan's another favourite Malayalam film is the Mammootty-Ratheesh starring political drama, Ee Nadu. The 1982-released movie still remains as one of the best works of IV Sasi-T Damodaran duo.
Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal (1986) Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal, the Mohanlal-Padmarajan movie which has been considered as one of the classic love stories of Malayalam, has also found a place in Kamal Haasan's favourites list.
Thaniyavarthanam (1987) The 1987-released Mammootty movie, which marked the debut of Lohithadas as a scenarist, is another favourite Malayalam film Kamal Haasan. Thaniyavarthanam, which was directed by Sibi Malayil, was a huge critcal and commerical success.
Surprisingly, Kamal Haasan hasn't chosen even a single Malayalam film of 1990's and 2000's in their favourite films list. Instead, the multiple National Award-winner went on to choose the classic films of 1960's to 1980's in their favourite Malayalam films list.
Kamal Haasan has enlisted their 22 films in various languages, among their 70 all-time favourite Indian films list. They have also picked several classic films from Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Bengali, and Hindi films, as well as a silent film, in their favourite list.
The actor, who released their favourite Indian films list pointed out that these films are strictly their personal favourites. Kamal Haasan also admitted that they have not watched several iconic films of Indian film industry.
US President Donald Trump toasts French President Emmanuel Macron (not pictured) during a State Dinner at the White House in Washington, US April 24, 2018. Source: Reuters/Carlos Barria
AHEAD of a summit slated for May or June, US President Donald Trump has praised North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un as “very honourable” and said discussions about a meeting were going well.
Trump told reporters during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House that North Korea had said it wanted to hold the summit “as soon as possible”. “We're having very good discussions,” they said as quoted by Bloomberg, adding that the talks were likely to take place “very soon”.
“Kim Jong-un — they really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we're seeing.” Nevertheless, the “campaign of maximum pressure” would continue, Trump said.
The comments mark a change in tone from the US President, who has previously mocked Kim as “Little Rocket Man” and warned that the North Korean regime will meet with “fire and fury” if it continues to threaten the United States.
SEE ALSO: The Trump-Kim summit is no certainty: Will they or won't they?
On Tuesday, Trump said they hoped dealings with North Korea would be positive, but they wanted to see the country's complete denuclearisation. Asked at a news conference, what they meant by this, they replied: “It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple … it would be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claim victory. I don't want to do that. I want them to get rid of their nukes.”
US officials recently said that incumbent Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who was then-Director of the powerful Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), at Easter time made a top secret visit to North Korea to meet with Kim in order to discuss the potential of a summit.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who is due to meet Kim in a summit on Thursday, said last week that North Korea had expressed a commitment to “complete denuclearisation” of the Korean peninsula, and Pyongyang said on Saturday it would immediately suspend nuclear and missile tests.
Many experts have, however, expressed doubt that Kim will be willing to abandon a weapons program they see as essential to the survival of their ruling family dynasty.
Additional reporting from Reuters.
A Canadian police officer is being hailed for the restraint and professionalism they showed in arresting the suspect in the Toronto van attack without firing a single shot.
On Monday afternoon, a white van ploughed into pedestrian s along one of Toronto's busiest streets, killing 10 people and injuring more than a dozen others in what one official described as “pure carnage.”
Soon after, the alleged driver of the van was arrested by a lone police officer in an incident lasting less than a minute and caught on video by bystanders.
“Get down,” the officer shouts.
“Kill me,” the man tells the police officer. “I have a gun in my pocket.”
The officer's voice remains calm as they again order the man to get down, warning that they will shoot if the man does not cooperate. “Shoot me in the head,” the suspect replies.
Weapon drawn, the officer advances towards the suspect. The suspect steps backwards, dropping what they were holding and raising their hands in the air. The officer proceeds to single-handedly arrest the suspect.
The arrest came as police forces across North America – including in Toronto – have been criticised for using excessive force to subdue mentally ill or unarmed suspects.
Police identified Alek Minassian, a 25-year-old man from the nearby town of Richmond Hill, as the man who had been arrested. They appeared in court on Tuesday.
Officials refused to comment on a motive, but said the suspect did not represent a threat to national security.
Confrontation
Video of the dramatic confrontation between the suspect and the police officer was hailed on social media, where the officer – who has yet to be identified – was praised.
Many said they deserved a medal. A columnist for Maclean's magazine contrasted the officer's calm demeanor with the chaos and horror that had unfolded minutes earlier. “I am paid to explain things and sound confident doing so,” they wrote. “But I honestly don't know what to make of this terrifying, remarkable moment.”
Mark Saunders, the city's police chief, credited the force's high-calibre of training. “The officer did a fantastic job with respect to utilising their ability of understanding the circumstance and environment and having a peaceful resolution at the end of the day,” they said.
Mike McCormack, the president of the Toronto Police Association, said the officer – who has been with the force for more than seven years – would have been justified if they had decided to fire at the suspect. “But this officer looked at what was going on and determined they could handle it the way that they did,” they told the Globe and Mail. “People are right: this guy is a hero.”
They had spoken to the officer, who was left shaken. “He said, ‘Mike, I just did my job. What I did was no big deal. But look at these poor people,'” said Mr McCormack.
“That's what everyone's thinking: great, they did their job and arrested this guy and may have prevented further deaths,” Mr McCormack added. “But he's more concerned with 10 people being dead, 15 people being injured, why now and what's happening in this city.” – Guardian
Protesters listen during a "Peace and Sanity" rally Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in New York, as speakers address white supremacy violence in Charlottesville, Va., yesterday. Bebeto Matthews AP Photo
HOMESTEAD, FLA. (WSVN) - Two people were able to swim to safety after, officials said, their car ended up in a canal in Homestead, Monday morning.
According to Miami-Dade Fire Rescue, the occupants' vehicle went inside the water near Southwest 142nd Avenue and 312th Street. The driver and passenger made their way out the vehicle and swam back to shore safely.
The car was eventually pulled out of the canal.
The cause of the accident remains under investigation.
Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes Pause
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle
2:04 New treatment: A "magic" magnet for Treasure Valley kids with severe scoliosis
4:19 Williamson Orchards & Vineyards in Caldwell, Idaho
1:50 Storms damage Purple Sage Farms
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
Trouble looms if we don't earn $15bn from non-oil export by 2020— Minister of Agriculture, August 2017.
By Dele Sobowale
THANK God somebody at the topmost level of the Federal Government has finally put on their thinking cap. But for those wedded to the illusion of Nigeria exporting 2.3 million barrels of crude oil in 2018, Ogbeh's alarm, despite its frightening implications, is a step in the right direction. Anybody who has conducted research into the trend in the global automobile sector would be alarmed by the rapid rate at which the leading auto manufacturers – Toyota, General Motors, Ford, Volvo – are moving towards marketing electric cars. Volvo is far ahead of the others who will now scramble to catch up.
The Swedish auto giant will start producing and marketing hybrid cars running on electricity and gas by 2018. By 2020, which is a mere three years away, no car manufacturer will be left marketing only cars using petrol or diesel. Furthermore several countries are moving to outlaw automobiles using fossil fuel. Nigerian officials who stubbornly refuse to accept that the Age of Oil is over are still projecting export of 2.3 million barrels of Nigerian crude oil into 2018 and years beyond.
The Age of Oil might be over globally, but the Age of Illusion is just starting in Nigeria if the proposed 2018 budget represents our government's position. The reasons for that comment are not hard to discover and it requires no great intelligence to understand our predicament which those with ostrich mentality want to ignore by burying their heads in the sand of contemporary history.
Cars and light vans using petrol account for close to 65 per cent of oil consumption world wide. As vehicle manufacturers abandon petrol embrace electric vehicles the global demand for crude will drop so sharply as to threaten the economies of all oil producing nations. Nigeria, with the strongest dependence on crude exports will be at the worst disadvantage. A brief summary of where the world stands will illustrate our predicament. By 2025, a mere eight years away, many countries generating power from fossil fuel would have vastly increased their shift to renewable energy sources which are also more environmentally friendly. Advances in science and technology as well as the economies of scale are making renewable energy sources more competitive everyday. Each building, each structure which adopts solar energy reduces the number of potential customers for crude oil. Millions are doing that world wide – even in Nigeria. Every inverter sold anywhere on the planet is a vote against the use of fossil fuel for power generation.
Instead of taking these early warnings into consideration, the framers of the Nigerian 2018 budget have been talking and acting as if Nigeria alone can swim against the strong tide of history. The Ministry of Budget and Planning even appears not to be working for the same government as the Ministry of Petroleum. Otherwise, the Minister of State for Petroleum should have been able to tell their colleagues what Audu Ogbeh is now telling Nigerians and the world.
At least Dr Kacikwu attends the meeting of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries, OPEC. Additionally, the General Secretary of OPEC at the moment is a Nigerian. They know that OPEC is poised to end the exemption granted to Libya and Nigeria regarding production cuts. Other nations want the misery that oil exports have become democratized. All must share in the calamity.
Nigeria's oil export is likely to be pegged at 1.9 million barrels per day. That will leave an unfavourable variance of 400,000 barrels per day. That means 18 per cent of the crude exports revenue budgeted will not be earned. That also means that $19.2 million per day or $7.2 billion or N2.5 trillion will not be realized in 2018 from crude oil. Given a N7.2 trillion budget, it is easy to see why we will be in trouble in 2018.
Dependence on crude exports
Incidentally, we don't need to wait until 2018 to know that the stubborn and continuing dependence on crude exports which forms the backbone of our budget is a recipe for disaster. The actual performance in 2016 and the first half of 2017 provide sufficient reasons for alarm. The actual revenue from crude oil exports fell far below budget last year when 2.2 million was used as the basis for the budget. Then as now those in charge of the budget kept assuring Nigerians and the global community that 2.2 million per day was realistic. In 2017, the actual was 1.7 million. The shortfall was 23 per cent. Then, as now, the Minister ignored all those pointing to the error involved in baseless optimism regarding crude exports.
One would have thought that the Federal Government and the members of the Economic Management Team, EMT, would have learnt from their mistakes from last year. But, obviously, from what we have seen in the 2018 budget nobody learns anything even from recent history. Otherwise, it is difficult to imagine how a Federal Executive Council, FEC, including Professors, SANs, Ph.D holders, former governors etc could approve that budget based on 2.3 million barrels a day. Perhaps one recent report would help to open their eyes and something else. The Directorate of Petroleum Resources recently announced that revenue from crude exports fell below budget in May and June of this year.
The budget was $76 billion; the actual was $56 billion and $44 billion for May and June respectively. So, the negative variances were $20 billion and $32 billion or 27 per cent and 42 per cent respectively. By half year, the country is now so far behind budget that it would have amounted to a minor miracle if we made the 2017 estimates. So, where is the basis for optimism regarding 2018?
We better listen to Ogbeh or perish.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of nursery schools could be forced to close because of funding cuts, headteachers say.
Nursery heads from across the country came to Westminster to urge Education Ministers to give them more support.
They included Sally Leese, headteacher of Castle Vale Nursery School in Birmingham. They said: “If the Government doesn't listen to us then there is no way we can carry on.”
It follows the introduction of a new funding system for nursery schools in 2017.
Headteachers warned that this did not provide enough money for them to stay open, and the Department for Education agreed to provide an extra £60 million in “supplementary funding” for nursery schools across the country until 2019-20.
But there is no guarantee the supplementary funding will continue to be paid after 2020 - and nursery heads say they will be forced to shut their doors and turn children away if the cash dries up.
Ms Leese said: “We have had to restructure. We had to strip back to the bare minimum. but it meant we could continue.
“If that funding goes then the nursery school will go.
“There is no physical way we can restructure or make more savings.
“It has been this additional funding that allowed us to stay open.”
The schools want the Government to confirm that the funding will continue when Chancellor Philip Hammond publishes their spending review in the Autumn.
Only 400 council-funded nursery schools now remain open in England, providing around 30,000 places for children. More than six out of ten are in deprived areas.
Birmingham MP Jack Dromey (Lab Erdington) said: “Two years ago, a nationwide campaign born in Birmingham saved 200 of England's 400 nursery schools from closure.
“Now once again, the threat of closure hangs over nursery schools throughout our city and the country.”
Children and Families Minister Nadhim Zahawi, the Conservative MP for Stratford-on-Avon, said: “Maintained nursery schools make a valuable contribution to improving the lives of some of our most disadvantaged children – that's why we are providing £60 million a year up until 2020.
“We also support low income families with access to high quality early years through our 15 hours free childcare for all three-and-four-year-olds, with 30 hours available for working families, in addition to the 15 hours a week for the most deprived two-year-olds, which almost 750,000 children are already benefiting from.
“I regularly meet with Maintained Nursery School leaders and we continue to work closely together to better understand the value these nurseries offer, so I would urge councils not to make premature decisions on the future of these nurseries as this work continues.”
But Conservative MPs have also expressed concern.
(Image: Simon Cooper/PA Wire)
Conservative MP Craig Tracey, MP for North Warwickshire, warned “maintained nursery schools need certainty as soon as possible, so they can plan their futures.”
They said that children with disabilities and medical needs would suffer most if money wasn't found, and said one headteacher in their constituency had told them the school received an inclusion grant of £100 for pupils with high level special needs, but one-to-one support costs £160 a week.
Tory MP Robert Halfon, Chair of the Education Select Committee, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “If the bean counters at the Treasury are looking at this they need to look at it in terms of cost benefit because if they don't invest in maintained nurseries now it will store up huge problems later on.”
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Several high profile customers are delighted LUKE 1977 have linked up with Aston Villa - including Jack Grealish and Robert Snodgrass.
Avid Villa fan Luke Roper founded LUKE 1977 in 2001 and it was announced this week that they would play a part in designing the club's new kit.
As a boyhood Villan, Roper is chuffed their brand will be proudly displayed on the front of Villa's kit next season.
They said: “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
And Grealish and Snodgrass are two of many celebrities to congratulate Roper on being given the chance to work with Villa.
Grealish tweeted: “Big congratulations to @LukeRoper who's a huge Villa fan on getting the @AVFCOfficial kit supplier deal!! Well done. Looking forward to it”
Snodgrass added: “Congratulations @lukeroper and the team for designing the new @avfcofficial kit, exciting news mate! Can't wait to see it.”
Terry speaks out
Aston Villa captain John Terry says they still have the 'appetite' to play football.
Terry, 37, is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade them to play on.
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal.
Speaking for the first time about their future, Terry told talkSPORT: "I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
Nigerians have been advised to patronise bread and other pastries made of plantain flour to enjoy maximum nutrition for a healthy living and to promote local production.
The National President of the Concerned Youth Empowerment Association of Nigeria (CYEAN), Mr Noble Adaelu, made the call in Abuja on Monday.
“The plantain flour is a healthier option to cassava and wheat bread for those with health challenges in particular.
“Plantains are so versatile and nutritious; if you are looking for flour alternative, then, look no further because you can make pizza, chips, bread, dessert and many more from plantain flour.
“The demand is on the increase due to more awareness of its health benefits as it is rich in iron, vitamins A, B, C, magnesium and phosphorus.
“It has high resistant starch which helps to make people slimmer and healthier, they are diuretic and can help prevent ulcer, kidney and bladder problems and are essential for healthy pregnancy'', they said.
Adaelu said plantain flour technology which is completely indigenous and being commercialised by Nocon Plantain Foods Limited could save foreign exchange for the country.
They projected that the technology would employ 500 professional/non-professional youths for a start in every state of the federation.
The president, therefore, urged youths to venture into plantain cultivation to meet the increasing demand of raw material for the flour.
A Literary Series
If you've forgotten this, you're not alone. I'm a graduate of Pacific Lutheran University, and it took getting Resolute, the alumni magazine, in the mail to be reminded: this year marks the 500th anniversary of the Reformation.
In honor of that, I feel like nailing my own 95 Theses to the door, so to speak—half now and half later. And hopefully during the interval you'll fill up the comment box below with some of your own quotes, dissenting insights, and challenges to the challenge-worthy:
Our language is a language not a lug nut, and you're a thinking human being not a wrench. Earth's the right place for love: / I don't know where it's likely to go better (Robert Frost). I, too, sing America (Langston Hughes). I speak the password primeval, I give the sign of democracy, / By God! I will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms (Walt Whitman). I, too, am America (Langston Hughes). I know what it is to be in love, / and no one has the right to disapprove / of who I love. They might, but they'd be wrong. What else? Our lives are loaned to us. Not long. / And not to pile up money. Not for power. / And how we pay that loan back does matter: / With interest, yes—with being interested. Bears belong to the mountains, not to us. And lakes belong to the mountains, not to us. The full moon silhouettes the mountains first, / and when bears bend down to drink, they drink its light. Forests are the mountains children, / so we'd better write good stories for our shelves, / stories that last as long as trees last, that grow / in widening circles. Deer may take from our gardens. We get back magic in return: / a small amazement, illusion of floating, / a sudden now-you-see-'em, now-you-don't. Sex at the top of a mountain makes a boy; / at night, on the lakeshore, a girl. We can't ignore what's happening. Feeling's not a choice. It's everyone's job. In that hour before daybreak, even a city might concentrate, / might quiet itself awhile / and sense an older, deeper pulse. A world of made / is not a world of born (E. E. Cummings). That's policy for you. Policy is what the kingpins want (John Updike). corruption / Never has been compulsory (Robinson Jeffers). When the cities lie at the monster's feet there are left the mountains (Robinson Jeffers). I do not say these things for a dollar or to fill up the time while I wait for a boat (Walt Whitman). But habit is a great deadener (Samuel Beckett). It's the start that's difficult. / You can start from anything. / Yes, but you have to decide (Samuel Beckett). Anything can be a key: a piece of wire, / a safety pin, laughter (Richard Garcia). We are young despite the years / We are concern, we are hope despite the times (R.E.M.). For fingers came first, before grubbing after money, / and our fingers speak the language of Guitar. no one's impressed by caution, / or sprawls on the couch reading books about it. It only looks like leaving to someone standing still. Since Life is our sister, / Death is our sister. / All we can do, like salmon, / is know the ocean before returning home. Throb, baffled and curious brain! Throw our questions and answers! (Walt Whitman). Lie on your back on stone, / the stone carved to fit / the shape of yourself. / Who made it like this, / knowing that I would be along / in a million years and look / at the sky being blue forever? (Simon Ortiz). Who wouldn't be an eagle? Who hasn't looked at what they love / and felt a lifting, or gliding, or plunge? When I moved away to Utah, they sent me a note: / “That's probably a crazy place. / But you're there now, so be about finding / instead of looking back. / I figure you know what I mean.” “What do you do for a living?” is a complicated question / since for a living and for money aren't the same. / Living means a shoreline is better than a bank vault— / all those deposits of driftwood— / and wealth is measured / by the vivid moments in your life. Art is the means we have of undoing the damage of haste. It's what everything else isn't (Theodore Roethke). Give praise with the spider who builds a city out of their toes (Anne Sexton). Praise with an ice cube for it will hold up miniature polar bears for a second (Anne Sexton). If your mood swings hot and cold, / it probably means you're a Toaster. If people always call you tasty, / you're probably Bread. The whole populous of Toronto will take a shower with the whole populous of Buffalo in Niagara Falls (Scott Poole). Oh body, be glad. / You are good goods (Anne Sexton). beauty is twice / beauty / and what is good is doubly / good / when it is a matter of two socks / made of wool / in winter (Pablo Neruda). Somewhere in your city there's a rooftop / and on that rooftop a garden / and in that garden is a color / no one's ever named. / This isn't a test. / And you won't gain any money. / But let's say choosing that color's name / is up to you— Do you know how many good men live in this world? Too many to count! (Sherman Alexie). Fire leaps up from the kindling first / and always needs new branches; / no story the wind tells goes straight to one conclusion; / when dancers arrive, play music. Even with abandon. It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel fine (R.E.M.).
Photo of stained glass at chapel by msandersmusic, courtesy Pixabay.
YouTube is often criticized for seemingly not doing enough to combat inappropriate videos on its site, but according to the Google-owned firm's first quarterly moderation report, it took down a massive 8.3 million videos in the last quarter of 2017.
The report arrives after YouTube last year promised more transparency in how it addresses abuse on the site. It said the quarterly review is an initial step in dealing with the problem and would "show the progress [it's] making in removing violative content from [its] platform.”
“The majority of these 8m videos were spam or people attempting to upload adult content and represent a fraction of a percent of YouTube's total views during this time period,” the company said.
6.7 million of the removed videos were first flagged by machines before being forwarded to human moderators for deletion. 76 percent of these were removed from YouTube before a single person viewed them. A further 1.1 million flags came from members of the Trusted Flagger Program, while 402,335 were identified by general YouTube users.
In total, 9.3 million videos were flagged by humans, which means only around one in nine of these resulted in the flagged video being removed. 95% of these flags came from YouTube users and the rest from the Trusted Flagger program. Most were for sexual content or spam. India was the country that flagged the most content, followed by the United States, Brazil, then Russia.
Last year, the company was lambasted for allowing disturbing content on its YouTube for Kids app. Just a few months' ago, a conspiracy clip that claimed one of the students in the Florida shooting was a crisis actor became the top trending video.
Back in December, YouTube promised to increase its number of human content reviewers to over 10,000 this year, up from the “thousands” that did the job in 2017. The site said it has already "staffed the majority of additional roles needed to reach [its] contribution to meeting that goal.”
BELGRADE: Calling their dead “second-class victims”, Serbian families of civilians killed by Kosovo's ethnic Albanian rebels in the late 1990s hope a new court at The Hague will finally bring them justice.
Nineteen international judges were appointed this month to the tribunal, which will try crimes allegedly committed by the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) in its fight for independence from Serbia, a conflict that left 13,000 dead.
Global attention has long focused on the mass killings and atrocities by the Serbian forces of the late strongman Slobodan Milosevic.
An 11-week Nato bombing campaign pushed the troops out of predominantly ethnic Albanian territory in 1999, and Kosovo declared its independence a decade later.
But alleged crimes committed by the Kosovo rebels, against Serbians but also against Roma and fellow Albanians deemed to be collaborators, have attracted relatively little scrutiny.
“No one has been adequately punished or justly condemned” over missing family members, said Natasa Scepanovic, who leads an association for families of Serbian victims.
“We have been discriminated against since the beginning of our sad story,” they told AFP.
The claims were raised in a 2008 book by Carla del Ponte, the ex-pro secutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY).
A few years later, a Council of Europe report reiterated the allegations against several former KLA leaders, some of whom had become high-ranking Kosovo officials.
“There cannot and must not be one justice for the winners and another for the losers,” Dick Marty, a Swiss prosecutor who led the council's inquiry, said in their report.
In particular, they accused Hashim Thaci — now the president of Kosovo — of leading a mafia-style network involved in assassinations and unlawful detentions.
Thaci has denied the accusations and said they are willing to cooperate with the tribunal, telling AFP last year that they had “nothing to hide”.
The Council of Europe report noted the disappearance of almost 500 people, including about 400 Serbs, after Milosevic's forces withdrew from Kosovo in June 1999, when the KLA had “virtually exclusive control on the ground”.
Some of the possible indictees at the new court in The Hague, including former KLA commanders Ramush Haradinaj and Fatmir Limaj, have already been tried and acquitted by the ICTY.
The United Nations and NATO-led forces in Kosovo wanted “to promote short-term stability at any price, thereby sacrificing some important principles of justice”, the report said.
Nato forces were not yet on the ground when Serbian troops started to withdraw, leaving a security vacuum in which retaliations against Serbian civilians went unchecked.
But seven relatives of Marinko Djuric, including their father, decided to stay in Istok, in northwestern Kosovo.
“Since they were not responsible for any crime, they believed themselves to be safe,” Djuric, now 58, told AFP in Belgrade.
But the situation worsened, and an evacuation was promised for June 29. No one saw them again.
“Six were killed, the seventh disappeared and we know nothing of their fate,” Djuric said.
For Beriana Mustafa, a 35-year-old ethnic Albanian journalist, The Hague tribunal is their “last hope”.
Them father, Xhemajl Mustafa, was an adviser to the former Kosovo president Ibrahim Rugova and a political opponent of the KLA, was assassinated at the entrance of their apartment in 2000, after they wrote articles critical of the rebels.
If the court “fails to establish responsibility, I will close this chapter of my life without waiting any longer,” they said.
But many Serbs from Kosovo remain sceptical about what the court can achieve.
“We are considered responsible for the conflict, and our victims are second-class victims,” said Misko Deverdzic, 42, whose father disappeared after being taken to a KLA interrogation centre in March 1999.
Deverdzic left the area, but later returned to ask an Albanian neighbour for information about their father.
They said they were told, “I know what happened but I can't tell you”.
The tribunal will have to work with patchy evidence, as some witnesses have died, while others may struggle to remember exact details of the events.
Security is also a concern: During previous trials of KLA members, several witnesses disappeared or died in suspicious circumstances.
The court, which operates under the laws of Kosovo, was set up in The Hague to ensure that witnesses are protected.
“My message is that no one should doubt that this is a very serious undertaking,” David Schwendiman, an American who is chief prosecutor of tribunal, said in September.
FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over allegations that it held onto improperly obtained user data after telling Facebook it had deleted the information. Matt Rourke, File AP Photo
Justin Thomas admitted the US PGA Championship always had a “special place in my heart” after claiming their first major victory at Quail Hollow.
Thomas carded a closing 68 in a thrilling final round to finish eight under par, two shots ahead of Patrick Reed, Louis Oosthuizen and Francesco Molinari.
Rickie Fowler and Hideki Matsuyama shared fifth place on five under with Kevin Kisner, who needed to eagle the 18th to force a play-off but ran up a double bogey, dropping back into a tie for seventh with Graham DeLaet.
England's Jordan Smith, playing in their first major championship, carded a closing 68 to finish a tie for ninth with Open runner-up Matt Kuchar, former world number one Jason Day and Chris Stroud.
Fittingly for a tournament which invites 20 club professionals to compete, both Thomas's father Mike and their grandfather Paul were PGA professionals.
“As a kid growing up, being a golf fan, you want to win all the majors. You want to win any major,” Thomas said. “For me, the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart.
Justin Thomas with parents Jani and Mike after winning the US PGA Championship. Photograph:Stuart Franklin/Getty
“This was really cool for this to be my first one and have my dad here, and I know grandpa was watching at home. I was able to talk to them and that was pretty cool. It's just a great win for the family, and it's a moment we'll never forget, all of us.”
The 24-year-old, who became the youngest player to shoot 59 on the PGA Tour on their way to winning back-to-back events in Hawaii in January, admitted they enjoyed their share of luck in the final round, particularly on the par-five 10th.
Their hooked drive bounced off the trees and back into the fairway, from where they were almost able to find the green. After chipping to eight feet Thomas saw their birdie putt hang on the edge of the hole for nearly 10 seconds before it eventually dropped in.
Tantrum
“The putt on 10 was funny because it snuck up on the hole,” they added. “We read it going back a little back right and it never did.
“I kind of acted like a child and threw a little tantrum, but then it went in and I didn't look so dumb.”
Thomas is a long-time friend of Open champion Jordan Spieth, who was among the players to embrace them beside the 18th green despite having finished their round hours earlier.
And they revealed their girlfriend was only there because they persuaded them to change a scheduled flight home because they were confident of victory.
“I hate to admit this but I'm kind of superstitious and weird about the night before, or when I get in contention, about people saying stuff,” Thomas added.
“You know, like, ‘Let's go out and get it done tomorrow, let's go do this'.
“(But) I truly felt like I was going to win. I remember my girlfriend was supposed to fly out at about 7.00pm and I was like, ‘You need to change your flight to later, because I don't know, I just feel like I don't want you to miss this. I feel like I'm going to get it done.”
Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 per cent climb in 2016.
Bitcoin - a web-based “cryptocurrency” that has no central authority, relying instead on thousands of computers across the world that validate transactions and add new bitcoins to the system - jumped 2.5 per cent to $1,022 on the Europe-based Bitstamp exchange, its highest since December 2013.
Though the digital currency has historically been highly volatile - a tenfold increase in its value in two months in late 2013 took it to above $1,100, before a hack on the Tokyo-based Mt. Gox exchange saw it plunge to under $400 in the following weeks - it has in the past two years been more stable.
Its biggest daily moves in 2016 were around 10 per cent, still very volatile compared with fiat currencies, but markedly lower than the trading of 2013, which saw daily price swings of as much as 40 per cent.
Bitcoin may have been boosted in the past year by increased demand in China on the back of a 7 per cent annual fall in the value of the yuan in 2016, the Chinese currency's weakest showing in over 20 years. Data shows most bitcoin trading is done in China.
Bitcoin is used to move money across the globe quickly and anonymously and does not fall under the purview of any authority, making it attractive to those wanting to get around capital controls, such as China's. It is also may appeal to those worried about a lack of supply of cash, such as in India, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed high-denomination banknotes from circulation in November.
“The growing war on cash, and capital controls, is making bitcoin look like a viable, if high risk, alternative,” said Paul Gordon, a board member of the UK Digital Currency Association and co-founder of Quantave, a firm seeking to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency exchanges.
ADVERTISEMENT
Though bitcoin is still some way off the all-time high of $1,163 that it reached on the Bitstamp exchange in late 2013, there are now more bitcoins in circulation - 12.5 are added to the system every 10 minutes. Its total worth is at a record-high above $16 billion, putting its value at around the same as that of an average FTSE 100 company.
Reuters
Welcome to the Birmingham Mail daily news live blog, bringing you all the latest news, sport, travel and weather from around Birmingham and the West Midlands every day.
Stay tuned for all the latest updates below:
If you've spotted anything in your area, you can get in touch with us by email at newsdesk@birminghammail.co.uk or call 0121 234 5430. You can also reach us on our Facebook page or via Twitter @birminghammail .
Bitcoin as an investment tool has been a fairly difficult market to enter. Exchanges require extensive verification and technical knowledge to work with. There has also been the fear that a single computer crash can wipe out your entire savings if you are storing the coins locally. In another move towards widespread adoption and acceptance, the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) has just begun listing bitcoin futures, XBT.
Investing in a bitcoin future is very different from investing in bitcoin itself. With a future, you don't own any of the actual product itself. Instead, you are betting on what the price will be at a given date in the future. For example, you could invest money in the hopes that bitcoin passes $20,000 by February 1st. You don't get the actual coins, your entire position is just based on whether or not bitcoin will hit that price at that time.
The CME Group will also reportedly launch their bitcoin futures contract in the coming weeks. Being listed on these fully regulated exchanges is a big step towards legitimacy compared to where bitcoin was just a few years ago. Many hope it will eventually result in an official bitcoin ETF.
The CBOE's CEO Edward Tilly told Coindesk that they will use information gained from listing futures to make a case with the SEC for these bitcoin-linked ETFs and ETNs.
The CBOE will continue to evaluate the program's success in the coming months and may look to add other cryptocurrencies to their exchange as well. The futures surged on their first day of trading and as of publishing, are trading at 18,600 with an expiration of January 17th 2018.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom Huddlestone would have been without a game at the weekend regardless of Derby County's game against Cardiff City being postponed.
The match at Pride Park Stadium was called off on Sunday morning due to bad weather.
Huddlestone would have been suspended for the fixture after picking up a one-match ban following their red card in the goalless draw at Nottingham Forest.
The Cardiff postponement means that Derby's next game will be at home to Championship strugglers Sunderland on Good Friday (March 30), after the international break.
As for Huddlestone, their suspension will now be carried over to that match.
So, they will not be able to play against Sunderland - but that means they could face Cardiff in the rearranged fixture, a date for which will be confirmed in due course.
Huddlestone was sent off in the closing stages of the Forest match, for a second bookable offence.
Both bookings came in quick succession, both for fouls on Lee Tomlin.
Derby boss Gary Rowett was unhappy with the decision to dismiss the former England man.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kasey Palmer helped Huddersfield Town win promotion to the Premier League last season - now they are hoping to do repeat the feat at Derby County.
The Chelsea attacking midfielder joined the Rams just before the January transfer deadline on Wednesday night, on loan for the remainder of the season.
Ahead of Derby's home Championship clash with Brentford this weekend, we sat down for a chat with the England Under-21 international...
How does it feel to be at Derby County?
"It's a great opportunity for me to join a club that is second in the Championship and trying to get into the Premier League.
"After last year's achievements, I'd be thrilled to be part of something so special again.
"Hopefully, at the end of the season, I will be celebrating another promotion."
You helped Huddersfield Town win promotion last season. What are your memories of that?
"Any way to get promoted is a great way but I think do it by winning at Wembley in a penalty shoot-out is probably the best way you could possibly do it.
"But at the same time, you could see how it affected the Reading players.
"Hopefully, I can be on the winning side again in a play-off final, or if automatic promotion happens, then that's even better."
What has Gary Rowett said to you since you arrived at Derby?
"The manager has told me to not put too much pressure on myself, which is always good to hear.
"Speaking to the other players, it's not going to be a situation where I'm expected to come in and be the hero straight away.
"I'll just try to make my mark as soon as possible and, hopefully, ease my way into the team."
You missed part of this season due to a hamstring injury. How are you doing now?
"I feel good. I haven't had any injuries in the past few months, which is great after the injuries I was getting through 2017.
"I'm just eager to get on the pitch and get going, to try to make my mark and participate in what has been a successful season so far for the team.
How much of a blow was your latest injury setback, having rejoined Huddersfield for a second spell this season?
"To be honest, it was very disappointing. I started the first game of the season, came on in the next two and then got injured while I was away with England (Under-21s).
"That was unfortunate but these things happen and it's about how you respond. I'm happy to be here and, hopefully, I can be involved in a successful season again."
When did you become aware of Derby's interest in you? And how did deadline day unfold for you?
"I heard about Derby's interest but talks are talks and obviously nothing is concrete...
"Then, as you know, on deadline day, everything escalates quickly and by five or six o'clock, I was on the motorway driving up here.
"The day was a bit hectic, really. I was getting a call at one point saying 'this is going to happen, that is going to happen', and all of a sudden everything started to click into place.
(Image: Derby County Football Club)
"Sooner rather than later, I was in here signing the contract and doing the medical and everything. So everything kind of escalated quickly.
"I got here about nine and everything followed on from there.
"My family came up with me and helped me sort out all the paperwork, etc.
"Everything kind of went quick and I'm buzzing that everything got sorted.
"Now I'm just trying to get my head down and start focusing on getting on the pitch."
What are your early impressions of the club?
"I think the facilities, the dressing room, the players, the staff, everything is set to be a Premier League club.
"It's now for the players and the staff to get the club where it deserves to be and where the fans deserve it to be."
Derby have gone close to promotion in recent years. What do you think they need to do to take the next step?
"I don't think we can look at previous years, because it's a different team.
"If there are setbacks in the season, we've just got to keep going.
"It's never going to be a smooth season in the Championship - anyone can beat anyone.
"But as long as we react when disappointments happen and keep going, I think we're more than capable of achieving promotion."
What sort of player are you?
"I'd say I try to excite the fans, try to score, try to get assists, and I try to be creative.
"That's my game - but I don't want to put too much pressure on myself!
"I'll just try to do the best I can and try to have an impact and a positive effect on the team."
Bearing in mind your lack of action recently, are you ready to play immediately if called upon?
"I'll give my all for the team and however long I last, I last.
"But I think I've got to be realistic and I haven't had as much football as I would've liked this season.
"So whatever the manager's plan is with me in terms of easing me back in will be what I have to accept and what I have to do.
"I know I'm probably not going to be capable of going out and putting a 90-minute shift and working hard from minute one to 90. That's not going to be realistic straight away.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
"But I'll work hard in training day-to-day and try to get my fitness up as quick as possible, so that I'm able to put in a shift for the team.
Do your injury setbacks make you keener than ever to make a success of this loan spell?
"I think the injuries I've suffered have probably made me a better person in the long-run.
"At the time, it's horrible to have to keep dealing with setback after setback but I think now, I'm probably 10 times stronger from going through what I've gone through.
"So, hopefully, when I'm back playing, it can drive me forward, knowing how frustrating it was to be on the sidelines."
When did you last play a match?
"I played for the (Chelsea) under-23s on Monday, so it was good to get some minutes before going out on loan.
"I feel like I'm ready to get on the pitch again and, hopefully, that is sooner rather than later."
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un guides to test-fire of Pukguksong-2 on the spot, in this undated photo released by North Korea's.
SEOUL: North Korea said on Monday it had successfully test-fired a new type of medium- to long-range ballistic missile the previous day, claiming advances in a weapons programme it is pursuing in violation of UN resolutions.
North Korea fired the missile on a high arc into the sea early on Sunday, the first probe of US President Donald Trump's vow to get tough on an isolated regime that tested nuclear devices and ballistic missiles last year at an unprecedented rate.
The North's state-run KCNA news agency said leader Kim Jong-un supervised the test of the Pukguksong-2, a new type of strategic weapon capable of carrying a nuclear warhead.
The United States, Japan and South Korea requested urgent UN. Security Council consultations on the test, with a meeting expected later on Monday, an official in the US mission to the United Nations said.
Japan said further sanctions against North Korea could be discussed at the United Nations, and called on China to take a “constructive” role in responding.
China is North Korea's main ally and trading partner but is irritated by its repeated aggressive actions, although it rejects suggestions from the United States and others that it could be doing more to rein in its neighbour.
“We have asked China via various levels to take constructive actions as a permanent member of the UN Security Council and we will continue to work on it,” said Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.
China said it opposed North Korean missile tests that run contrary to UN resolutions.
“All sides should exercise restraint and jointly maintain regional peace and security,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang told a regular briefing, adding that China would participate in talks at the United Nations on the launch with a “responsible and constructive attitude”.
Russia's foreign ministry expressed concern over the launch, RIA news agency quoted the ministry as saying.
North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests, including two last year, although its claims to be able to miniaturise a nuclear weapon to be mounted on a missile have never been verified independently.
Leader Kim said in their New Year speech the North was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) and state media have said such a launch could come at any time.
A fully developed ICBM could threaten the continental United States, which is about 9,000km (5,500 miles) from North Korea.
The KCNA news agency said the missile fired on Sunday was launched at a high angle in consideration of the safety of neighbouring countries. A South Korean military source said on Sunday it reached an altitude of 550km (340 miles).
It flew about 500km towards Japan, landing off the east coast of the Korean peninsula.
The missile was propelled by a solid fuel engine and was an upgraded, extended-range version of its submarine-launched ballistic missile that was tested successfully last August, according to KCNA.
The missile's name — Pukguksong-2 — translates as north star or Polaris, the same name of the first US submarine-launched missile.
South Korea's military said the missile had been launched using a “cold-eject” system, whereby it is initially lifted by compressed gas before flying under the power of its rocket, a system used for submarine-launched missiles.
North Korea's pursuit of large solid-fuelled missiles was “a very concerning development”, said Jonathan McDowell of the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
“Large solid-fuel motors are difficult to make work correctly so this is indeed a significant advance by North Korea,” McDowell said.
In addition to launching more quickly, solid-fuel engines also boost the power and range of ballistic rockets.
“Solid-motor engines mean that the fuel is pre-stored and the missile can be launched quickly. For example, rolled out of a cave, tunnel, or bridge,” said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the US-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.
“They are also more difficult to track by satellite because they have fewer support vehicles in their entourage.” The North's Rodong Sinmun newspaper showed pictures of a missile fired from a mobile launch vehicle, with a flame appearing only after it had risen clear of the vehicle.
Before Sunday, the North's two most recent missile tests were in October. Both were of intermediate-range Musudan missiles and both failed, according to US and South Korean officials.
A US official said at the weekend the Trump administration had been expecting a North Korean “provocation” soon after taking office.
The latest test came a day after Trump held a summit meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and also followed a phone call last week between trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Abe described the test as “absolutely intolerable”.
In brief comments made while standing beside Abe in Florida, Trump said: “I just want everybody to understand, and fully know, that the United States of America is behind Japan, our great ally, 100 per cent.” Trump and their aides are likely to weigh a series of responses, including new US sanctions to tighten financial controls, an increase in naval and air assets in and around the Korean peninsula, and accelerated installation of new missile defence systems in South Korea, the administration official said.
However, the official said that, given that the missile was believed not to have been an ICBM, and the North had not carried out a new nuclear explosion, any response would seek to avoid increasing tension.
— Reuters
A progressive group is launching an attack ad to brand a candidate in California a "bad Democrat" because they aren't running on Medicare for All — another sign of the growing division between center-left Democrats and the party's left wing over single-payer health care.
The digital ads from the Progressive Change Campaign Committee zero in on Dave Min, who has the backing of the California Democratic Party and the centrist group the New Dem PAC in California's 45th district. The race, which has been a bitterly contested primary among Democrats, is considered a vulnerable seat for Republicans in 2018, but rates as leaning Republican.
Min isn't opposed to single-payer health care: They have said they support "exploring every possible opportunity to achieve universal health care coverage," said they were behind a California plan to create a statewide single-payer system, and supports a public option. But like many Democrats running in red and purple districts in 2018, he's expressed skepticism about a federal single-payer plan like the Bernie Sanders-backed "Medicare for All" bill. Min's campaign manager said it would amount to a "tremendous tax increase" that would play poorly in a district that no Democrat has ever won.
PCCC's new ad seizes on Min's stance to say they have "sided with big insurers by refusing to embrace" Medicare for All. Their opponent, Katie Porter, who's won endorsements from both Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris, has said they want to replace the Affordable Care Act with a federal single-payer system. (Porter actually did economic research for Warren, who also contributed to Porter's own book.)
“The attack is a flat out lie,” said Paige Hutchinson, Min's campaign manager. “Dave has consistently said they believe health care is a human right, and that we should try to move as quickly and practicably to universal health care coverage as quickly as possible. Dave is open to different pathways to getting there and has never once said they oppose Medicare for All."
The ad, a PCCC representative said, is also the beginning of what the group plans to be an ongoing campaign to tar the centrist "New Democrat" label, embraced by Min and others, as tied to corporate interests.
"This is partially about truth in labeling for voters,” said PCCC's Adam Green of the ad. “You can't call masquerade as a progressive and pretend to reject corporate interests when you take Big Insurance money through the corporate New Dem PAC and then actively attack Medicare For All. Voters deserve to know the clear contrast between Elizabeth Warren's protégé and a corporate New Dem — one will lead on a progressive agenda while the other will attack and undermine it."
Medicare for All has won increasingly broad support among Democratic Party leaders, including many top contenders for the 2020 presidential nomination, and is broadly popular among voters. But some polling suggests the plan is not well-understood among voters and is vulnerable to Republican attacks — a consideration for some Democrats in competitive races like Min's.
Singer-songwriter Mary Lambert will perform at 7:30 p.m. Saturday at the Washington Center for the Performing Arts in a benefit for Pizza Klatch, a support organization for LGBTQ+ youth. Courtesy photo
Despite a housing crisis, Dublin is as good a place to live in as it was this time last year, a new survey from Mercer indicates, which also reveals that Dublin is the top ranking city across the UK and Ireland.
According to Mercer's 20th annual Quality of Living survey, Dublin is once again in 34th place – making it the highest ranked city across the UK and Ireland. London (41) is the highest ranked UK city ahead of Edinburgh (46), Birmingham (50), Glasgow (50), Aberdeen (58) and Belfast (68). Dublin also beat Paris (39), Lisbon (38), Madrid (49) and Rome (57).
However, in the race to win post-Brexit business, Dublin significantly underperformed against competing locations such as Frankfurt (7), Amsterdam (12) and Luxembourg (18).
Decisions
The survey by the consulting company is used by multinational organisations to help guide their expat decisions, and it assesses local living conditions across 231 cities including political stability, the socio-cultural environment and housing.
“Some of the key factors placing Dublin in 34th place in the survey include a stable political environment, lower levels of air pollution and a strong socio-cultural environment. The results demonstrate that Dublin remains an attractive location for international businesses to send their employees,” said Noel O'Connor, consultant at Mercer Ireland, adding, “Companies sending expatriates abroad need to get the full picture of conditions on the ground in order to compensate their employees appropriately for any decrease in living standards. Ultimately, the success of international assignments hinge on the personal and professional wellbeing of the individual expatriate and the welfare of their families.”
Vienna tops the ranking for the ninth year running and is followed by Zurich (2), and Auckland and Munich in joint third place. Munich jumped to third position as the city has made a concerted effort to attract talent and businesses by investing in high-tech infrastructure and promoting its cultural facilities.
Crime
In North America, Canadian cities rank highest for quality of living with Vancouver (5) again taking the regional top spot. San Francisco (30) is the highest ranking US city, followed by Boston (35), Honolulu (36), Seattle (44), and New York (45). Increasing crime rates caused Los Angeles (64) to drop six places. Dropping two places, Monterrey (112) is the highest ranking city in Mexico, while its capital, Mexico City, drops one to rank 129th.
This year the survey also looks at city sanitation, analysing waste removal and sewage infrastructure, levels of infectious disease, air pollution, and water availability and quality.
Hawai's Honololu tops this ranking, followed by Helsinki and Ottawa in joint second, whereas Dhaka (230) and Port au Prince (231) fill the bottom places. Dublin ranks in 31st position alongside Belfast, Aberdeen and Edinburgh, and ahead of Glasgow (50), Birmingham (60) and London (67).
Mercer Quality of Living Survey 2018
1 Vienna
2 Zurich
3 Auckland
3 Munich
5 Vancouver
7 Frankfurt
10 Sydney
18 Luxembourg
34 Dublin
39 Paris
41 London
229 Sana'a
230 Bangui
231 Baghdad
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - NewCastle Gold Ltd. (TSX: NCA) (NewCastle Gold or the "Company") is pleased to report initial results from the first phase of a water testing program on its Castle Mountain gold project (the "Project"), located in San Bernardino County, California. These results form part of ongoing hydrogeological investigations aimed at identifying additional sources for process water in support of restarting the operation in 2018 and as part of its pre-feasibility study scheduled for release at the end of 2017.
Four vertical reverse circulation drill holes were drilled to explore and identify potential bedrock-hosted water sources within the approved area of disturbance of the Company's Mining and Reclamation Plan. The selection of the water targets was based on the following key criteria:
Favorable geology and intersection of major, deep-seated fault zones and secondary structures;
Gravity survey basement lows locating possible paleo-basins; and
Measurable water flow observed from recent exploration and definition drilling.
Gerald Panneton, President and CEO commented: "We are very pleased with the results of this first phase of water drilling as it demonstrates there is a considerable amount of water within the fault system around the deposit. We will immediately be installing at least two large diameter water supply wells and performing pump tests on the favorable wells to establish the productive capacity of the bedrock water sources that lie within our permitted disturbance area. It is our hope that the new wells, along with our existing wells, will provide us with enough water to put the Project back into production at the appropriate mining rate in 2018."
Of the four exploratory holes, two holes were completed along the Oro Belle Trend in the vicinity of the JSLA backfilled open pit and two holes were drilled near the southern margin of the South Dump. Results to date are very encouraging, with initial water flow rates exceeding expectations as highlighted below and shown in Table 1 and on the attached maps. Areas of the highest water flow appear to coincide with a major north-south structural lineament seen in satellite imagery which extends at least 10 kilometres.
JSLA Pit Area
CMM-W-01 -- Static water table -- 643 foot depth -- water flow rate: 80 gallons per minute ("gpm")
CMM-W-04 -- Static water table -- 1,065 foot depth -- water flow rate: negligible
South Domes Target
CMM-W-02 -- Static water table -- 750 foot depth -- water flow rate: 120 gpm -- maximum 'air lift' capacity of the drill reached at the bottom of the hole. Hole terminated early because excessive water flows into the hole made it impossible to continue.
CMM-W-03 -- Static water table -- 505 foot depth -- water flow rate: 95 gpm
Table 1 - Preliminary Results from 2017 Water Test Holes, Castle Mountain Project
Area Borehole_ID Total Depth (feet) Borehole Diameter (inches) Elevation of Hole Collar (feet) Depth to Static Water Level (feet) Elevation of Static Water Level (feet) Water Flow (gpm) JSLA - NE CMM-W-01 1,505 5.5 4,454 643 3,811 80 SD - East CMM-W-02 1,405 5.5 4,176 750 3,426 120 SD - West CMM-W-03 1,500 5.5 4,219 505 3,714 95 JSLA - BC CMM-W-04 1,205 5.5 4,526 1,065 3,461 5
The water test holes were drilled using a Schramm T685WS truck-mounted drill rig belonging to National Exploration, Wells & Pumps of Elko, Nevada and using reverse circulation drilling techniques. Hole diameters were 5.5 inches, and holes were drilled at dips of -90 degrees to a maximum depth of 459 metres (1,505 feet). Water flow rates were measured by performing industry standard 'airlift' tests by injecting air from the rig's compressor at 70-140 liters/sec (150-300 cubic feet per minute). Discharge water from the well head was measured by timing the flow of air/water discharge as it exited the rig's cyclone into a five-gallon container. Hydrological consulting is provided by Geo-Logic Associates based in Tucson, Arizona and representatives were present on site for the Phase 1 program.
Following a full analysis of this phase of the program, at least two of the most favorable holes will be re-drilled in a Phase II Water Testing Program using a licensed water well drill contractor and employing larger diameter (8 inch) boreholes, 6 inches installed well/screens and subsequent formal long-term pump testing.
The Company currently maintains ten active water rights with three production water wells on the Project. Total production from wells W-14, W-18 and W-45 located in the NW Wellfield is approximately 150 gpm.
Assays and Quality Assurance/Quality Control
The Company employs an industry-standard QA/QC program consisting of standard pulps, coarse blanks and rig duplicates.
Qualified Person
Ian R. Cunningham-Dunlop, P. Eng., the Company's Senior Vice President Technical Services, is the designated Qualified Person for this news release within the meaning of NI 43-101. They have reviewed and verified that the technical information contained in this release is accurate and has approved of the written disclosure of the same.
About NewCastle Gold
NewCastle Gold (an Augustagroup company) has a 100% interest in the Castle Mountain property in San Bernardino County, California. The Castle Mountain heap leach gold mine produced over one million ounces of gold from 1991 to 2004. The Mine and Reclamation Plan, under which the mine operated, was authorized by the County of San Bernardino as the Lead Agency and remains in effect. Water for the drill programs was accessed from existing patented wells on the Project.
An updated NI 43-101 resource for the Project was announced December 2, 2015 which includes Measured Mineral Resources of 17.4 million tonnes grading 0.86 g/t gold containing 0.48 million gold ounces, Indicated Mineral Resources of 202.5 million tonnes grading 0.57 g/t gold containing 3.71 million gold ounces along with Inferred Mineral Resources of 40.8 million tonnes grading 0.58 g/t gold and containing 0.76 million gold ounces. The Project hosts a disseminated low sulphidation epithermal system. Gold is primarily hosted by late-stage rhyolite volcanic units within zones of silicification and brecciation associated with northeast-southwest trending/southeast dipping fault structures which are interpreted to have developed within a collapsed caldera environment. Eleven gold domains are represented by both steep and shallow-dipping orientations.
Neither the TSX Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains "forward-looking statements" and "forward-looking information" (collectively, "forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes information that relates to, among other things, statements with respect to the drill program at Castle Mountain, the mineral resource expansion at Castle Mountain, the identification of future expansion targets at Castle Mountain and the restart of operation using Run of Mine (ROM) material from the JSLA pit. Forward-looking information is not, and cannot be, a guarantee of future results or events.
Forward-looking information is based on, among other things, opinions, assumptions, estimates and analyses that, while considered reasonable by us at the date the forward-looking information is provided, inherently are subject to significant risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other factors that may cause actual results and events to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking information. The material factors or assumptions that we identified and were applied by us in drawing conclusions or making forecasts or projections set out in the forward looking information include, but are not limited to that the Company is able to procure personnel, equipment and supplies required for its exploration and development activities in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis and that actual results will be consistent with management's expectations.
The risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking information may include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed under the heading "Risks" in general to the business of NewCastle in documents filed (or to be filed) with Canadian regulatory authorities. Should one or more risk, uncertainty, contingency or other factor materialize or should any factor or assumption prove incorrect, actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking information. Accordingly, the reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. NewCastle does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information after the date of this news release or to explain any material difference between subsequent actual events and any forward-looking information, except as required by applicable law.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136017/Images/Figure_1_-_Location_of_2017_Water_Test_Holes,_Cast-77bc8ba3612b892baa05c568782b6935.JPG
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136017/Images/Figure_2_-_Plan_View_of_2017_Water_Test_Holes,_Cas-1d4525428bb1b4d9904b6ecea0defb94.JPG
ALBANY, Ga. – Central State University track & field athletes recorded a total of four victories and 17 top-10 finishes at the April 20-22 SIAC Championships, with distance runner Emmanuel Birgen earning the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference's Outstanding Track Athlete Award.
Birgen, a 5-foot-11 sophomore from Mosoriot, Kenya, won the 10,000-meter run on April 20 with a personal best time of 32:18.84. They recorded a third-place finish in th3 April 22 1,500-meter run with a pace of 4:04.63, and ended their weekend running a winning time of 15:44.12 in the 5,000-meter run.
Birgen edged teammate Juan Scott for the SIAC Most Outstanding Athlete honors. Scott, the defending NCAA Division II Outdoor 110-Meter Hurdles Champion, won by a full second in the 110-meter hurdles with a pace of 14.13 seconds. They took the top spot again in the 400-meter hurdles, crossing the finish line in 53.25.
In the men's 400-meter run, Baron Wilson finished fourth (50.04) and Ja'Vonte Brown came in sixth (50.74). Dametrius Alexander finished in fourth place in the 800-meter finals with a pace of 1:56.47.
The men's 1,600 relay team, consisting of Alexander, Brown, Scott and Isreal Williamson, ran a season-best time of 3:15.07, finishing in second place behind Claflin University (3:14.21).
As a team, the Marauder men accumulated 67 points to finish in fifth place in the 10-team field.
On the women's side, Krystal Mitchell's sprint of 12.42 propelled them to first place in the 100-meter dash. Mitchell later recorded a second place in the 200-meter dash with a pace of 25.30.
In the women's hurdles events, Iesha Lockhart took second place with a new college the best time of 1:03.28 in the 400-meter hurdles, while Veronica Barnes placed sixth with a pace of 1:10.23. Alexis Anderson ran a 15.43 to finish in third place in the 100-meter hurdles.
The 400 relay team of Akaila Howard, Lockhart, Jewel Rollins and Mitchell crossed the finish line in 49.18 to earn a second-place finish.
The CSU women finished the meet in sixth place overall with a combined point total of 45. Please visit maraudersports.com for more Central State University athletics information.
The Marauders' next scheduled track meet is set for Friday, May 4 at the University of Toledo.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for one paisa drop in fuel prices.
Gandhi termed the slashing of rates as a ‘childish prank in poor taste'.
The Congress party president tweeted, “Dear PM, You've cut the price of Petrol and Diesel on Wednesday by 1 paisa. ONE paisa!?? If this is your idea of a prank, it's childish and in poor taste. P.S. A ONE paisa cut is not a suitable response to the #FuelChallenge I threw you last week.”
Last week, Gandhi dared Prime Minister Modi for, what they called a fuel challenge, after the latter accepted an online fitness challenge posed by Indian Cricket captain Virat Kohli.
Rahul, in response, urged the Prime Minister to take up the ‘fuel challenge' and reduce the skyrocketing fuel prices.
After a continuous hike in the petrol and diesel price for 16 consecutive days, the rates saw ‘a drop' of one paisa on Wednesday.
The Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL) in a statement clarified that the petrol price in Delhi was actually cut down by one paisa and not 60 paisas, as reported earlier.
Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Monday attributed the rising price to the increase in the cost of crude oil in the international market and the rupee-dollar exchange rate.
“Crude oil prices in international markets are beyond our control. We are making a long-term plan in this regard,” Pradhan said.
One of my reservations about Waterford was the reliance on veterans Brick Walsh and Kevin Moran for scores. By half-time they had another 1-3 between them! But again, when they really needed them Walsh was outstanding, using all their experience to get a goal after four minutes and generally create mayhem for Mark Coleman, who after a great season to date just didn't have the strength or know-how to deal with him.
Moran totally reversed the outcome of the Munster semi-final when Bill Cooper at one stage knocked them back but the shoe was totally on the other foot here. They lorded it at midfield along with Jamie Barron who typified the contrast in energy between the teams on a day when all day the key battles were won by Waterford.
The early goal settled them whereas Cork always looked unsettled, both young and old. Luke Meade couldn't get into it any more than Coleman. Shane Kingston was the only one of the younger brigade to get close to their form. As a whole, the team's touch was unsure from the start.
Waterford also dealt with the Tadhg de Búrca situation very well. Darragh Fives slotted in and played the role superbly, even getting a score. That was one of the differences; not only did they do their defensive work but when Fives and Conor Gleeson got the chance they took scores nicely and calmly.
Philip Mahony was another to play effectively all day, managing to slip a couple of hand passes out the side door.
Cork looked leggy and were under pressure from the word go and had conceded a goal by the fourth minute. Shane Bennett beat Mark Ellis and Damien Cahalane to the ball and when they played it over Brick Walsh was on their own and Coleman nowhere to be seen. The cracks were there already.
Waterford always looked more comfortable in the Croke Park setting of an All-Ireland semi-final. But for Waterford's nine wides in the first half, Cork might have been in trouble a lot earlier.
After Damien Cahalane was sent off – and they couldn't really have any complaints about it – Cork seemed to react with some urgency. Darragh Fitzgibbon came into it at midfield for a while but even here on one run up the Cusack side, it was Shane Bennett who tracked back and dispossessed them and gave a good ball afterwards.
Fitzgibbon was uncatchable in the Munster championship. The energy was all on one side.
When the goals came in the second half there was no way back for Cork. It was bang, bang – you're dead.
Great praise
I would wonder though for the second goal why Christopher Joyce didn't take the simple option of going back to Anthony Nash with the ball and not leaving themselves open to a great bit of dispossession by Austin Gleeson, who had been quiet in the first half but came into it with a vengeance and led the Cork defence a merry dance for the third goal – a good finish – with Brick Walsh riding shotgun for them on the outside.
There was no way back for Cork after that. Five points behind and a man down, they never looked like scoring a goal apart from a snap chance for Lehane at the end which Stephen O'Keeffe saved well.
Their only strategy seemed to be to drive the ball cluelessly in on top of Fives who mopped it up all day.
Derek McGrath deserves great praise for their role in this achievement. They were doubted after their league exit in Salthill against Galway but compared to last year when they had a league final and replay they have looked an awful lot fresher in the past few weeks.
The suggestion that they were planning a different approach for this year with a view to peaking later in the season was treated with scepticism. You have to give them huge credit for that. They recalibrated their year after the lessons of the past two years and he's now in an All-Ireland final.
All the issues from the Munster semi-final were resolved: Conor Gleeson on Conor Lehane and Noel Connors switched onto Alan Cadogan. The form of Lehane has really reflected the form of Cork all season. Gleeson worried them to the extent that Lehane became jumpy and started shooting from the sideline.
They also obviously managed the de Búrca situation very effectively. The changes minimised the loss and the team performance didn't suffer in the absence of such an important player.
Unfortunately for McGrath they may have to reuse those strategies as the lead-up to the final is likely to feature more suspension controversies.
On the positive side they're going in against Galway rather than Tipperary or Kilkenny and won't have the same apprehensions. They've never lost to Galway in the championship.
It's been a fantastic year for hurling. We've seen the re-emergence of Cork and Wexford and brilliant games like Waterford-Kilkenny, ending in a historic victory. Galway have come through and we're set fair for a great three weeks for hurling. It'll be no easier to call than the semi-finals and Waterford are an improving force.
I questioned their scoring capacity and they popped up and scored 4-19 and also hit plenty of wides so they showed they were well capable of competing at the very top of what has been a high-scoring championship.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A herd of beautiful deer have been turning heads in a quiet neighbourhood in Walsall .
The group, of around a dozen, were spotted on Pelsall Common on Tuesday morning, much to the delight of local residents and motorists alike on their commute to work.
And passers-by have been uploading photos and video footage of the deer who are all keeping close to each other.
The location in Walsall is between busy roads and junctions and the group could have travelled south from the local nature reserve known as Pelsall North Common.
(Image: Kim Hinsley)
Chasewater Country Park and Cannock Chase are not too far, either.
Uploading photos, astonished Estelle Oldbury said: “My mum has just sent me these pics. Just wow! Seeing all these deer on their way to work this morning at 6.45am. They pulled over to look at them.”
While Michelle Costello simply put: “BEAUTIFUL… We are so lucky.”
Local resident Maureen Payton was among those remaining cautious about the group's unexpected arrival, saying: “I think we need to seriously consider having signs around the village making drivers aware that these beautiful creatures may be crossing our roads.”
(Image: Estelle Oldbury)
And Tina Townsend said: “People will have to drive slower then people should be able to see them.”
Meanwhile, Shue Humphries posted a video saying: “Not your everyday morning” before alerting RSPCA officers amid fearing for the group's safety between busy roads.
In a statement released to Birmingham Live, an RSPCA spokesperson said: " We would advise people keep their distance from the deer and try to leave them alone as much as possible.
"The RSPCA would not seek to relocate healthy deer as they are very susceptible to stress so catching and moving them could result in the animals dying from what is known as 'capture myopathy'.
"People should be particularly careful between early May and late June as newborn deer are especially vulnerable during this time.
"In terms of road-traffic-collisions, as this particular area is residential, driving speeds shouldn't be high so there should be minimal risk."
The RSPCA always advise the following:
Taking note of deer warning signs.
Staying alert for deer, even in areas with no warning signs, and particularly in heavily wooded areas where you may not see them coming.
Keeping your speed down. The ”It's forty for a reason‟ signs can often be seen in areas like the New Forest and Ashdown Forest where deer populations are higher.
Taking extra care during the high-risk periods of early morning and early evening.
Taking extra care throughout May and from mid October to December. It is during these periods that the national peaks in deer related traffic collisions occur.
Being aware that further deer may cross after the one/s you notice.
Using headlights on high beam if there is no oncoming traffic. This will make deer easier to see by illuminating the eyes of any on the road BUT then dip the beams otherwise they may "freeze".
Trying to come to a stop as far in front of the deer as you can. This will mean the deer, as well as any others with it can leave the roadside without panic or distress.
Always report any deer-vehicle collisions to the police and try to remember to record the incident at http://www.deeraware.com/. If the deer is injured, call the RSPCA Emergency line on 0300 1234 999.
For further advice, please visit the RSPCA's Living With Wildlife web pages
See hundreds of deals on leisure and days out eBay, Groupon and Travelzoo
One in six people in Ireland are living below the poverty line, while more than 100,000 people with jobs live in poverty, a new report has revealed.
The number of “working poor” – defined as people with jobs who are still in poverty0 – has continued to rise since 2009 despite economic recovery and growth, Social Justice Ireland said in its Poverty Focus 2018 report.
A total of 780,000 people live in poverty today and of these, more than a quarter are children. This means 16.5 per cent of the Irish population lives below the 60 per cent median income poverty line, the report said.
A person is defined as living in poverty if their income and resources are so inadequate as to preclude them from having a standard of living that is regarded as acceptable by Irish society. Any adult earning €249.55 a week or less, or €13,022 or less annually, is counted as being at risk of poverty.
Female workers; young workers; those in retail, hotels and security sectors; single parents and those on temporary contracts, are most likely to be on low pay.
More than 14 per cent of people on home duties (including care for children or the elderly) live in poverty while 13.3 per cent of people in employment also face poverty.
Social Justice Ireland says the Government should begin to address the problem of working poor by making tax credits refundable.
Speaking at the launch of the report, analyst Eamon Murphy targeted employers for “availing of precarious employment contracts and low pay”.
“Who is going to take responsibility for ensuring a job is always a route out of poverty, not into it? That should surely be the most basic function of our Government.”
Ireland's Johnny Sexton describes their match-winning 83rd minute drop-goal as "one of those moments" after securing a 13-15 Six Nations victory against France in Paris.
WATCH MORE: Highlights: France 13-15 Ireland
Available to UK users only.
It will be honored by the California Hospice and Palliative Care Association at a reception Oct. 5
The Community Palliative Care Program, a collaboration of Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care, Hospice of Santa Barbara and the Cancer Center of Santa Barbara, has been awarded the Outstanding Program Achievement Award by the California Hospice and Palliative Care Association of Sacramento.
Started in 2009 and targeting a previously unserved patient population, the Community Palliative Care Program is designed to alleviate suffering and enhance the quality of life for patients and their families who are facing life-threatening illness. The program functions to raise palliative and end-of-life standards in addition to creating an awareness of the importance of the quality of care for patients near the end of life.
“This pioneering program uses a patient-centered approach that adapts to the needs and values of the individual and their family,” said Lynda Tanner, president and CEO of Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care. “Palliative care is provided in the patient's home by an interdisciplinary team.
“The intent is to positively impact the experience of living with a life-threatening illness through expert pain and symptom management and attention to the social, psychological, and spiritual dimensions of care.”
Since the program's inception, 228 patients have been referred to the program. Patients with a cancer diagnosis make up 84 percent of the population; other diagnoses include renal, hepatic, pulmonary, heart and neurological diseases. The average patient age is 61, and the age range is from 3 weeks to 101 years old.
The award will be presented Oct. 5 in San Diego at a reception that is part of the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization's Clinical Team Conference.
For more information about the Santa Barbara area Community Palliative Care Program, contact Susan Gibson at 805.690.6212 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Greg Rogers is the communications officer for Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care.
Listen 4 times daily to play Q104's 4 Question Quiz to see the national tour launch of Waitress: The Musical at Playhouse Square, starting October 17th.
We'll ask 4 questions. Get them right, and you'll win! Get them wrong, we'll tell you how many you answered correctly and we'll ask the same questions next time.
Keep track of the questions and answers to make it easier to win!
Listen 4 times daily to play Q104 ‘s 4 question quiz (7:40, 11:40, 2:40, 4:40) and you could win ‘All Access' to see Waitress at Playhouse Square, from October 17th through November 5th, where you'll meet the cast and get exclusive show merchandise!
Don't miss this uplifting musical that celebrates friendship, motherhood, and the magic of a well-made pie. Plus it features original music and lyrics by 6 time Grammy nominee Sara Bareilles!
Great seats available, tickets on sale now at playhousesquare.org
Book Title:
The Descent of Man ISBN-13:
978-0141981741 Author:
Grayson Perry Publisher:
Allen Lane Guideline Price:
£8.99
This is a book that should be made immediately available in every school. Its subject is toxic masculinity. The artist Grayson Perry brilliantly illuminates it through their own perspective as an aggressive male, abused son and cross-dresser.
Initially I felt a slight defensiveness as it feels like an indiscriminate all-out attack on the male gender role – throwing out the baby man with the bathwater: yes Grayson, football can be seen as an outlet for violence but it is also a platform for the male appreciation of beauty and a rare public expression of this.
But as Grayson tells their own, initially troubled story and brilliantly deconstructs the damage the male role can do to both male and female the book proves itself essential. There are many heartbreaking and chilling encounters, particularly with the young lads in gangs on English estates. Thankfully Grayson eventually provides some positive pointers forward. Here is a brilliantly empathetic and insightfully constructed argument. There are also hilarious drawings.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Introduction
The Biotechnology cohort has finally broken out and reached a 52-week high while making up much of the lost ground during the pummeling from both sides of the political aisle during the 2016 presidential race. Tweets and excerpts from the campaign trail from Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, and Donald Trump put the biotech cohort through the wringer via taking aim at drug pricing. The sustained sell-off lead to the entire cohort to sell off from all-time highs of $132 to $83 or 37% in only six months as measured via the iShares Biotechnology Index ETF (IBB). From February of 2016 through June of 2017 IBB traded in a tight range from $83 to $98 while Donald Trump continually fired shots against the healthcare sector. Any healthcare related stocks became volatile on the heels of any statement or tweet from Donald Trump. Shortly after the inauguration, Trump stated that drug companies are “getting away with murder” when speaking to the drug pricing issue. The previously proposed healthcare legislation never materialized thus a level of certainty has entered the picture, and the drug pricing threats are not perceived to be as bad as initially feared. Recently the index has had a resurgence moving to a 52-week high of $118 with a much clearer runway ahead as the political headwinds continue to abate. As the confluence of abating political threats, drug pricing certainty, merger, and acquisition activity ramps and continuity of the current health care backdrop, I feel the index has room to continue its upward trend and retrace its 2015 level of $130.
AbbVie Earnings Setting the Tone
AbbVie (ABBV) reported Q4 numbers that beat expectations and updated guidance above consensus estimates for 2018, and as a result, the stock moved up 14%. This earnings announcement stroked the entire biotech cohort and had pumped more life into the group that has seen a steady rise leading up to this statement. Other large-cap companies that have plenty of upsides based on its multi-year highs include Celgene (CELG) which is off 35%, Regeneron (REGN) which is off 31% and Gilead (GILD) which is off 29% based on current prices. Even specialty pharma Allergan (AGN) is off a staggering 43% as well. All of these names may be due for a resurgence if quarterly results beat and guidance is raised similarly as AbbVie.
Like analysis from Noah Kiedrowski? Get Our Free Political Plays Newsletter This free, bi-weekly newsletter from Noah Kiedrowski will give you actionable stock plays based on political action. Spot and profit from the political plays that matter. Learn More
Challenging 2016, Recovering 2017 and IBB's Resurgence in 2018
After a banner year in 2015 for the biotech ETF, the cohort sold off in a dramatic fashion falling from $138 to $89 or a 37% drop. The healthcare sector had been faced with an uncertain and volatile political backdrop. As President Trump vowed to bring down drug prices, iShares Biotechnology Index ETF (IBB) found its footing and set a floor near the $89 level. The ~$90 level has tested a handful of times in 2016, and it was evident that many of these political threats were being priced-in after its sharp and sustained sell-off. This sharp decline and subsequent floor coincided with heated political rhetoric aimed at the collective cohort of healthcare and more specifically biotech companies. I strongly felt that these events were extraneous and would eventually subside without any significant impact on the underlying stocks within IBB. I felt this politically induced sell-off presented a great buying opportunity considering the ~40% decline and external pressures. I had written about such opportunities throughout 2016 during the market sell-off and the Brexit, respectively (Figure 1). I felt that these were excellent entry points for any long-term investor that desired exposure to the biotechnology sector. Ostensibly, many of these stocks were trading at multiyear low P/E ratios and as a cohort (gauged via the IBB proxy) looked to be less sensitive to tweets/threats as IBB continued to test the ~$90 barrier throughout 2016. 2017 saw some recovering and posted a 21% gain, and now 2018 is off to a fantastic start with much more potential ahead.
Figure 1 – IBB price activity depicting a challenging 2016, a recovering 2017 and resurgence in 2018
M&A and Repatriation Catalysts
The M&A catalyst is very much in play as the broader biotech cohort remains at depressed valuations compared to 2015 highs. The most noteworthy acquisition as of late was Gilead's (GILD) purchase of Kite (KITE) for $11.9 billion. Repatriation of overseas assets and decreases in corporate taxes are very much in play and could serve as a catalyst for M&A and a tailwind for the industry. This is especially true regarding Celgene's (CELG) recent acquisition of Juno Therapeutics (JUNO) for $9 billion in an all-cash offer.
Per Celgene
“US tax reform enables improved visibility into after-tax cash flows and access to ex-US cash to fund the transaction.”
The political stance on M&A activity seems to be favorable with the new administration. Potential additional repatriation of overseas assets decreases in corporate taxes, and the loosening of M&A pushback may bode well for the industry in the intermediate term. Despite the current uptick in IBB, many prospective buyout candidates with beaten down valuations in concert with appealing pipelines remain. As this acquisition activity heats up, be on the lookout for stocks that have been rumored as takeover targets to heat up and possibly take IBB along for the ride.
The Drug Pricing Transparency Coalition Catalyst
Throughout 2016 and moving into 2017 some industry leaders formed a consortium to cap drug pricing increases voluntarily. Industry leaders aimed to get out in front of this drug pricing debate and articulate discipline in future increases while providing transparency on past price increases. This effort was to separate themselves from a handful of egregious price increases to contend with Trump's aim at the drug companies. A select handful of companies is being used as a proxy for the entire industry. This consortium aimed to dispel this common misconception about drug price increases. This seems to have been an effective checkmate to the new administration and its efforts towards lowering drug prices and erroneously accusing companies and labeling them as price gougers. A group of prominent pharma companies (domestic and foreign) is unofficially banding together to address the price increases that the public and government officials have been angered over. Allergan (AGN), J&J (JNJ), Novo Nordisk (NVO) and AbbVie (ABBV) have committed to limiting any annual drug pricing increases to less than 10%. J&J went further and published an annual report regarding its portfolio and the price increases they've implemented. Merck (MRK) becomes the latest pharma to join this drug pricing transparency coalition.
Proposed Healthcare Legislation
As of recent, any proposed modified healthcare bill has been completely killed in Congress. However, ostensibly at first pass, the proposed healthcare legislation was perceived as favorable for the entire biotechnology cohort, specifically about drug pricing. The Trump administration's attempt to reign in drug prices may not be as harmful as feared initially per an NY Times report. This report cited a draft of an executive order on drug pricing that appears to focus on easing regulatory hurdles for the industry and “largely leaves the drug industry unscathed.” This is a far departure from all the strong rhetoric on the campaign trail from Donald Trump. Regardless, continuity of the current healthcare framework provides certainty throughout the industry. Further, as the drug pricing paradigm remains largely intact along with the drug pricing coalition effectively self-governing, this cohort will be less constrained and allow rising.
Summary
iShares Biotechnology Index ETF (IBB) has finally notched a 52-week high and has made up much of the lost ground during the pummeling from both sides of the political aisle during the 2016 presidential race. After its ~40% slide over this period, IBB began to demonstrate its resilience in the face of Donald Trump as they continuously threatened to overhaul drug pricing. The ~40% sell-off, newly formed drug pricing consortium, political threats abating, recent merger and acquisition activity and the freshly proposed health care legislation being defeated is providing an ideal environment for the biotech cohort to appreciate. The drug pricing debate has been put to further rest with certainty surrounding the continuity of the current healthcare landscape thus a much clearer runway is ahead for the cohort. I feel that the cohort has plenty of room to appreciate considering large-cap names such as Celgene (CELG), Regeneron (REGN) and Gilead (GILD) remain far off their respective highs.
Noah Kiedrowski
INO.com Contributor - Biotech
Disclosure: The author does not currently hold shares of IBB, however the author owns shares of Allergan, Celgene, Gilead and Regeneron. The author has no business relationship with any companies mentioned in this article.  They are not a professional financial advisor or tax professional. This article reflects their own opinions. This article is not intended to be a recommendation to buy or sell any stock or ETF mentioned. Kiedrowski is an individual investor who analyzes investment strategies and disseminates analyses. Kiedrowski encourages all investors to conduct their own research and due diligence prior to investing. Please feel free to comment and provide feedback, the author values all responses. The author is the founder of stockoptionsdad.com a venue created to share investing ideas and strategies with an emphasis on options trading.
KENAI, Alaska (AP) – The Upper Cook Inlet had a scarce sockeye salmon harvest this year, but commercial fishers caught more coho, chum and pink salmon than expected.
The Peninsula Clarion reports (http://bit.ly/2z1Fhm6 ) that a season summary released on Tuesday by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game states the sockeye harvest was the smallest in 10 years, leading to this year's overall salmon harvest being lower than average.
The summary states fishers brought in about 1.8 million sockeye. Altogether, about 3 million salmon of all species were harvested, which is about 500,000 fewer than the recent 10-year average.
The sockeye run was late, as well, which frontloaded the commercial fishery with most of its sockeye catch for the season before July 20.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill has made one enforced change to their Birmingham City line-up for today's visit to Sheffield Wednesday.
Jacques Maghoma's groin injury, the winger hobbled off after an hour of Tuesday's 3-1 victory over Sunderland, allows Jota to make their first Championship start since Boxing Day.
The 26-year-old, who is the club's record signing after their summer move from Brentford, will begin on the side of Blues' three man attackling line, which also contains leading scorer Sam Gallagher and Jeremie Boga.
David Davis has recoved from to niggle that forced them off in midweek and continues alongside Cheikh Ndoye and Maikel Kieftenbeld in midfield.
The four-man defence of Maxime Colin, Marc Roberts, Harlee Dean and Jonathan Grounds will once again protect David Stockdale.
Jota's absence allows Cohen Bramall to sneak on to the bench.
BLUES (4-3-3): Stockdale; Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds; Kieftenbeld, Davis, Ndoye; Jota, Boga, Gallagher. Subs: Trueman, Morrison, Bramall, Gardner, Lowe, Adams, Jutkiewicz.
Follow the action live...
Sodium Amide Market: Growing Demand From The Textiles And Pharmaceuticals Industries Is Projected To Drive The Market Growth
Sodium Amide Market Segmentation:
The global sodium amide market is segmented on the basis of applications, end use industry, and region. On the basis of the applications, the market is divided into catalyst, dyes, deprotonating agent, dehydrating agent, and others. The sodium amide is used as a catalyst in synthesis of sodium cyanide and hydrazine. They are further used in the gold extraction and rocket fuel respectively. The synthetically produced indigo dye from sodium amide is the purest form of indigotin with fewer impurities than the natural indigo, which is driving the market growth to some extent.
Based on the end-use industry, the sodium amide market is segmented into the textile industry, pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, and others. The textile industry is dominating the market due to rapidly growing demand, limited product range, and subject to rapid obsolescence. Apart from the textiles industry, sodium amide is used as an initiator in most of the pharmaceuticals production. It is one of the prominent ingredients in pesticides and insecticides. The change in agricultural land use pattern demands fertilizer usage for increased productivity and better crop yield, which gives rise to the sodium amide market.
Sodium Amide Competitive Analysis
BASF SE (Germany), Chemos GmbH (Germany), Synbtharo Fine Chemicals GmbH (Germany), Hangzhou Dayangchem (China), Kinbester (China), KHBoddin GmbH (Germany), Natrizen Chemical Pvt Ltd (India), Nansense Labs Ltd (India), Jinxiang Chemical Factory (China) and Hongze Xinxing Chem Co. Ltd (China) among others.
Get a Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5590
Sodium Amide Regional Analysis
The global sodium amide market is studied for five major regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Within the Asia Pacific, China and India account for a notable share of sodium amide consumption due to rapidly growing dyes and textile industries. Followed by the Asia Pacific, North America and Europe have significant consumption of sodium amide in the coloring of jeans and denim. The growing population plays a key factor in the rising demands for textiles, resulting in the growth of the sodium amide market.
Full report on Sodium Amide Market report spread across 137 pages, profiling 20 companies and supported with tables and figures available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/sodium-amide-market-5590
Market Overview:
Sodium amide is an aggressively reactive inorganic compound. It is used primarily in the dye preparation, organic synthesis and in deprotonating of alkynes, weak acids, esters, and ketones. It is also used as a catalyst in synthesis of hydrazine and sodium cyanide. Hydrazine is used as a part of rocket fuel in space exploration, gun propellants and as a precursor to most of the pharmaceuticals, pesticides, and insecticides. Sodium amide is majorly used for the production of indigo dye, which is used in textile coloring. The global textile and apparel market size is likely to reach USD 2.6 trillion by 2025. However, the handling difficulty, extreme reactivity, and environmental hazards are likely to restrain the market growth over the review period.
Intended Audience
Sodium amide market manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of Sodium amide market
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Kevin O'Brien and Paul Stirling have been declared fit to face England in two ODIs at Bristol and Lord's next month and have been named in a 14-man Ireland squad for the “historic” games on May 5th and May 7th.
O'Brien, who famously scored the fastest century in World Cup history against England in 2011, has recovered from a hamstring injury that saw them miss three of the five ODI's against Afghanistan last month.
There was a further boost with Stirling declaring their availability following a finger injury sustained during the ICC InterContinental Cup game against Afghanistan at the end of the same tour.
However, their inclusion is tempered by the news that Boyd Rankin and Jacob Mulder will miss the games – both are suffering back problems.
“The opportunity to play England in England and in particular at Lord's is not only historic, but a great tribute to Irish cricket and its journey,” said Ireland head coach John Bracewell.
“The 14 selected give us the best balance available to take on England in early May. The conditions will be as different as they could be from those we experienced against Afghanistan in India – as will the composition of the two bowling attacks, with pace being key.
“It'll be another great challenge for our players, but one everyone associated with Irish cricket can't wait for,” added Bracewelhe added.
The match at Bristol is a return to Bracewell's former stomping ground, where they won six trophies in two spells as coach, over 10 years.
“For me it will be great to return to my old county in Bristol, to a city and team I hold great memories for and people I like very much,” they said.
Kevin O'Brien and William Porterfield have both played for Gloucestershire too, and the skipper hopes that there will be a sizeable support for the Boys In Green at both venues, with English-based Irish fans turning out in force.
“I've no doubt there will be a massive support at both venues given both the number of Irish around Bristol and in London, never mind the amount of people travelling over,” said Porterfield. “I've happy memories of my time at Gloucestershire who gave me my break in county cricket and I'll always be grateful to them for that.
“There's no doubt that the games against England will be tough but we've got some hard cricket under our belts this past few months and that will stand us in good stead for the challenges that await.
“We're all determined to do well, and while we'll certainly respect England, there's absolutely no fear factor there.
“It helps that there are seven survivors from our World Cup win against them, so it shows just how much experience there is in the camp, as well as a number of younger players who have the hunger to make history again.”
Porterfield admits the experience of leading an Irish side out at Lord's will “be a bit special” and says that it'll be a marvellous place to showcase the very best of Irish cricket.
“It'll be a great honour and a special day for all in Irish cricket. I smile when I think that both myself and Eoin (Morgan) played for Ireland Under 13's together and here we will be captaining both sides in a one-day international at Lord's. It shows just how far Irish cricket has come in a short space of time, but we still have more to travel and offer. Hopefully it won't be too long until we play a Test match at Lord's.”
Lord's holds a special place in Irish cricketing history, the scene of their first Gillette Cup match back in 1980, where they gave Middlesex – a team containing nine Test players, Ian Gould and South African Vince van der Bijl were the exceptions – a real scare, before losing by five wickets.
That game brought Dermott Monteith to the attention of Middlesex, and the Lisburn man won a County Championship medal with them in 1982 when they deputised for John Emburey and Phil Edmonds who were on Test duty with England. Ed Joyce played with the county with great distinction, while Andrew Balbirnie has also featured as well as current internationals Tim Murtagh and Paul Stirling.
Ireland fans will be hoping that May 7th 2017 will be the latest cricket chapter written into the nation's cricketing folklore.
The Ireland squad for the tri-series with New Zealand and Bangladesh will be selected after the England games.
IRELAND SQUAD FOR ENGLAND ODI SERIES
William Porterfield (Captain) (Warwickshire), Andrew Balbirnie (Pembroke/Leinster Lightning), Peter Chase (Malahide/Leinster Lightning), George Dockrell (Leinster/Leinster Lightning), Ed Joyce (Sussex/Leinster Lightning), Tim Murtagh (Middlesex), Andrew McBrine (Donemana/NW Warriors), Barry McCarthy (Durham/Leinster Lightning), Kevin O'Brien (Railway Union/Leinster Lightning), Niall O'Brien (NW Warriors), Paul Stirling (Middlesex), Stuart Thompson (Eglinton/NW Warriors), Gary Wilson (Derbyshire/Northern Knights), Craig Young (Bready/NW Warriors).
WASHINGTON — The White House ramped up its campaign against the press Monday, alleging that mistakes by reporters are the result of purposeful attempts to mislead the American public.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, in a heated exchange with reporters, called out news organizations for having to "retract and change and rewrite and make editors' notes to a number of different stories" in recent weeks and claiming that journalists only "sometimes" own up to mistakes in their stories.
Sanders said Monday that these aren't honest mistakes, as one reporter in the briefing room pointed out.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House accuses reporters of 'purposefully misleading' the country 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people — something that happens regularly," they said during the back-and-forth that, at one point, required them to raise their voice over reporters to say, "I'm not done."
"You cannot say that it's an honest mistake when you're purposefully putting out information that you know to be false," Sanders said.
Asked to point to specific instances of intentionally false reporting, Sanders cited Brian Ross, an ABC News reporter who had to retract information they incorrectly reported earlier this month, as an example of bias and intent to malign the president, although there is no evidence that Ross purposefully misreported the Russia-related claim. Ross was suspended for four weeks, and ABC News issued a correction.
"The reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during the special report had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process," ABC News said in a statement at the time. "As a result of our continued reporting over the next several hours ultimately we determined the information was wrong and we corrected the mistake on air and online."
The contentious interaction with the press comes after Trump sent several tweets over the weekend and on Monday rebuking reporting about their TV viewing habits, how big their crowds were during a recent rally in Florida, and the Russia investigation.
On Sunday, they called the media "a stain on America." They have previously referred to news outlets, including NBC, as "the enemy of the American People."
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for their “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
Sanders was asked about the president's recent tweets attacking a Washington Post reporter for tweeting, then deleting, an inaccurate picture of the crowd size at the Florida rally. The reporter apologized and explained their mistake on Twitter.
Sanders said the president was "simply calling out a very direct and false accusation lodged against him."
"There was nothing more than an individual trying to put their bias into their reporting, and something that frankly has gotten a little bit out of control," they said.
Fox News, which typically draws praise from the president for its coverage, also had its own recent issues with inaccurate reporting — though Sanders did not mention those. FoxNews.com had to revise a incorrect headline that incorrectly said one of Alabama Senate hopeful Roy Moore's accusers "admits" that they had "forged" a yearbook message from Moore, and add an editor's note to the bottom of the article explaining the changes.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lorry crashed into the back of an Audi and kept on driving on the M1 northbound.
The black Audi TT was being driven by a 25-year-old woman when the HGV struck the car.
The lorry driver then did not stop and has not come forward to the police, despite the attempts of another nearby lorry driver to flag them down.
Police are appealing for dash cam footage of the incident and would particularly like to hear from the second lorry driver who witnessed the collision.
Those with information should get in touch with PC Kelia Marceta-Cooper on 101 quoting reference number 18000201120.
Alternatively, send them a message online by visiting the Contact Us section of the police website.
You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The incident happened between 3.15pm and 3.30pm on Monday, April 30, near junction 28.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
German manufacturing growth reached its highest in almost three years in December, driven by rising demand from Asia and the United States, a survey showed on Monday, suggesting the sector will contribute to an expansion in the fourth quarter.
Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for manufacturing, which accounts for about a fifth of the economy, rose to 55.6 from 54.3 in November to reach its highest level in 35 months.
That was slightly above a flash reading and well above the 50 line that separates growth from contraction.
“Strong growth in December meant that goods producers enjoyed their best quarter in nearly three years during Q4,” Markit economist Philip Leake said. “The manufacturing sector is therefore likely to help overall GDP growth accelerate from the modest 0.2 per cent pace seen in the third quarter.”
They added that companies reported solid improvement in domestic demand as well as new business wins in Asia, Europe and the United States.
“There were also encouraging signs for further growth in 2017. Companies look set to hire in an effort to raise operating capacity, following the sharpest increase in backlogs of work since early-2014,” Leake said.
Expansions of output and new orders underpinned the overall improvement in conditions, Market said, noting that new business increased for the 25th consecutive month with the rate of growth just below the record over that period.
Responding to the rising demand, manufacturers raised their output at a quicker pace. The rise in production was the highest since July, it said.
Inflationary pressures also increased in December. Input costs rose at the fastest pace since June 2011. The weaker euro helped to drive up import costs, Markit said.
The survey was another positive sign after Ifo's closely watched business climate index showed last month that morale among executives rose in December to its highest level since February 2014.
ADVERTISEMENT
The economy grew 0.7 per cent in the first quarter and 0.4 in the second. For the year, economic institutes predict a growth rate of 1.9 per cent, mainly driven by soaring private consumption and higher state spending on migrants.
– (Reuters)
FILE - In this April 10, 2018, file photo, Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election, Dr. Hiral Tipirneni, left, talks with a supporter at a local restaurant in Sun City, Ariz. Tipirneni is running against former Arizona Republican state Sen. Debbie Lesko in a special election, Tuesday, April 24, to fill the seat vacated by Republican Rep. Trent Franks. Ross D. Franklin, File AP Photo
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Andrew Luck threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to Jack Doyle with 9 seconds left Sunday to give the Indianapolis Colts a 24-20 victory over Jacksonville in their season finale.
Indy (8-8) went 75 yards in 84 seconds with no timeouts to avoid its first losing season since 2011, sending retiring linebacker Robert Mathis out with a win in their final NFL game.
Jacksonville (3-13) matched the second-worst record in franchise history after blocking a punt with 1:54 to go and breaking a 17-17 tie with 1:33 left.
Instead, Luck took the Colts right downfield for the score. They finished 24 of 40 with 321 yards, two touchdowns and one interception in a game full of milestones.
Mathis extended their league record of strip-sacks to 41 in the fourth quarter, two days after announcing they would retire.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumer prices rose in January at the fastest pace in nearly four years, strengthening the case for the Federal Rese…
Students in Santa Barbara, Goleta and Montecito will join others around the world in walking or bicycling on Oct. 5
Students in Santa Barbara, Goleta and Montecito will join schoolchildren around the world who are making the commitment to a healthier lifestyle by walking or bicycling to school on Wednesday, Oct. 5, International Walk to School Day.
In the United States, International Walk to School Day is expected to include 5,000 schools from all 50 states. Walkers from the United States will join children and adults in 40 countries.
Walk to School events work to create safer routes for walking and bicycling and emphasize the importance of issues such as increasing physical activity among children, pedestrian safety, traffic congestion, concern for the environment and building connections between families, schools and the broader community.
The event is being organized locally by COAST's Safe Routes to School program, working with school parent champions to have festive greeting tables, the school band, donated prizes and healthy snacks set up to welcome children who walk or roll to school on Oct. 5. Deckers Outdoor Corp. is a local sponsor.
“Communities are using walking and bicycling to school as the first step to change their culture and create environments that are more inviting for everyone, young and old,” said Lauren Marchetti, director of the National Center for Safe Routes to School.
Walk to School Day is an exciting way to encourage students and families to think about the all the benefits of making that choice: saving money on transportation costs, living healthier lives, and reducing air pollution and traffic congestion.
COAST applauds the following schools for their participation:
» Elementary schools: Adams, Brandon, Cold Spring, El Camino, Ellwood, Foothill, Harding University Partnership, Hope, Hollister, Isla Vista, Kellogg, McKinley, Monroe, Monte Vista, Mountain View, Peabody, Vieja Valley and Washington.
» Junior high schools: Goleta Valley, La Colina and La Cumbre.
— Kim Stanley-Zimmerman is the Safe Routes to School coordinator for COAST.
Artak and The Forgotten Mark, by Christian Walker, takes you on the epic journey of a boy who travels the world to become the man and warrior they were destined to be.
Madison, WI, USA — Christian Walker's Artak and The Forgotten Mark is the story of Artak, who having travelled the world mastering their fighting skills, returns home a fearless warrior.
When Artak was merely 14, they watched their parents killed along with their entire village. In fear, the boy barely escaped the fiery scene by their father's command. This shock engraved in their heart a vow to avenge them one day.
Collapsing at the gates of Wimbra a few days later, they are taken in by Martuk, the village leader. Accepting them as their own child, they teach the young boy everything they know of the art of sword combat, but given their natural abilities and determination, in a short time they surpass the skills of their teacher.
Little do they know fate will soon give them the chance he's long waited for; to meet face to face with the beast that left them an orphan.
“A good read for all fans of fantasy, adventure, swords and dragons.” ~5-Star Review
Genre – Dragons, Romance, Friendship, Love, Brotherhood, Heroism, Fantasy, Adventure
Artak and The Forgotten Mark ISBN 9781506905006, published by First Edition Design Publishing (http://www.firsteditiondesignpublishing.com), is available on-line wherever ebooks are sold. The 244 page print book version, ISBN 9781506904993 is published by First Edition Design Publishing and distributed worldwide to online booksellers.
LAS VEGAS — After their first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
They arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made their presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
"Ruin the whole team, yeah?" Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. "I apologize to Vegas."
Vegas wasn't the only one they apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while they didn't necessarily agree with the penalties, they also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
"He was up front, and they took responsibility, but I said, 'Just play your game, that's why we got you, to play your game and work hard' and he's been excellent ever since," Gallant said Tuesday. "He doesn't take penalties, they really doesn't."
Reave believes it's been their on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made them an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he's since become a crowd favourite.
"My fights have gone down every year," Reaves said. "I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there's always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here."
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in their hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, they scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
"Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified," Reaves said. "I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure."
Germany's Alexander Zverev sprung a surprise in the Rogers Cup final in Montreal as they beat Roger Federer in straight sets.
Twenty-year-old Zverev defeated the Swiss 19-time Grand Slam winner, who turned 36 earlier this week, 6-3 6-4 in an hour and eight minutes — only Federer's third loss in 38 matches this season.
Zverev, the world number eight and fourth seed, grabbed a quick break to go 3-1 up en route to securing the first set.
Their first service game of the second then saw Federer earn three break points, but Zverev saved them all and subsequently took advantage of errors from their second-seeded opponent to break for 4-3 before wrapping up the win.
It takes Zverev level with Federer at the top of the ATP titles leaderboard this year with five each.
World number three Federer, who was playing this week for the first time since winning a record eighth Wimbledon, will battle with Rafael Nadal at the Cincinnati Masters next week to replace Andy Murray as world number one.
Alert, alert!!! Sarah Jessica Parker has just released a brand-new line of wedding dresses! They are super sleek and simple, yet very eye-catching. You'll understand what I mean when you see the pics:
SHOP NOW Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This is SJP's first-ever foray into ready-to-wear. Before this, they had only designed accessories, including a line of bridal shoes, which obviously go perfectly with these new styles. The SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Bridal collection is exclusively available at Gilt, and ranges in price from $295 to $2,395. It includes full-length gown options as well as shorter, knee-length styles, and even separates.
Let's see some more bridal looks, eh??
SHOP NOW Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SHOP NOW Courtesy
SHOP NOW Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
BTW, wedding dresses/jumpsuits aren't the only options in this line. There are also a few bridesmaid looks:
SHOP NOW Courtesy
SHOP NOW Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SHOP NOW Courtesy
SHOP NOW Courtesy
So cute!
Follow Rachel on Twitter and Instagram.
Montecito Bank & Trust has signed on as the Presenting Sponsor of the Santa Barbara Triathlon for the next 10 years.
The announcement extends its previous commitment, which began in 2008.
“The alliance between the Santa Barbara Triathlon and Montecito Bank & Trust is a perfect fit,” race director Joe Coito said. “Montecito Bank & Trust is a local company that has always been passionately committed to our community, and the Santa Barbara Triathlon exemplifies the spirit of that same community.
“When Montecito Bank & Trust committed to a 10-year partnership, I knew that I was working with a visionary company of high integrity. Long-term commitments are rare these days, and it exemplifies the bank's desire to invest in the positive community events that make Santa Barbara a wonderful place to live.”
When Montecito Bank & Trust President/CEO Janet Garufis was asked why the bank has extended its commitment for 10 years, they said, “One of the founding principles of our bank is to support the vitality of the communities we serve, not only through banking and lending, but also through giving back. We see this presenting sponsorship as an opportunity to support the wellness of our community in so many ways and are delighted to be able to team up with the Santa Barbara Triathlon under Joe Coito's successful leadership.
“The triathlon's charitable fundraising focus is well aligned with Montecito Bank & Trust's ongoing commitment to support our communities.”
Established in 1981, the Santa Barbara Triathlon is one of the longest-running triathlons in the world. The event offers one of the most challenging courses in the United States, children's beach activities, a sports expo and on-site dining. The event consists of three weekend events. The Long Course on Saturday, Aug. 24 involves a one-mile ocean swim, 34-mile bike ride and 10-mile run — individual, relay and Aquabike options are available; the Co-Ed Sprint Course on Sunday, Aug. 25 is open to men and women of all ages and includes a 500-yard swim, six-mile bike ride and two-mile run; and the Women-Only Sprint Course, which mirrors the co-ed course and also includes a parent-child division, is slated to take place on Sunday, Aug. 25.
The start and finish lines for the Santa Barbara Triathlon will be at the Cabrillo Bathhouse at East Beach, 1118 Cabrillo Blvd. in Santa Barbara. The event runs daily on Saturday and Sunday starting at 7 a.m. sharp. A sports expo (open to the public) and check-in begin on Friday from 11:30 a.m. to 7 p.m.
For more information, click here or call 805.682.1634.
— Carolyn Tulloh is the director of marketing for Montecito Bank & Trust.
A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called Wednesday to discuss the investigation of their death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than a day after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday, found bleeding there by their wife and died on the way to the hospital. Kiev's police chief said they suspected the journalist was killed because of their work.
Details of the sting operation were not clear, including why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead. The head of the Ukrainian Security Service said the suspected organizer of the alleged hit plot was detained Wednesday, suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing them out.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Babchenko apologized to their wife, who they said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell they had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
The astonishing turn of events brought harsh criticism from Russia and the international media advocacy group Reporters Without Borders.
The journalist group's director, Christophe Deloire, expressed on Twitter their "deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services. It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts."
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and their daughter in England. Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same — to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made their wife believe they were dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. They then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," they said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, they said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, they said.
Babchenko said they were not allowed to go into the details of their false death. They said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on their head for two months. They said they were approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," they said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017. They spoke and wrote about needed to leave Russia because of threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin. Their flight from Russia came several months after they wrote in a Facebook post that they aren't sorry members of a military band and state television journalists died in a plane crash on their way to Russia's military base in Syria.
Several Russian lawmakers said at the time that Babchenko should be stripped of their citizenship over the comment, and Russian state media called them a traitor.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station.
Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out.
Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen.
Hours before pretending to have been fatally shot, Babchenko wrote on Facebook that they narrowly escaped death exactly four years ago when the Ukrainian military refused to take them on a helicopter heading to the front line in eastern Ukraine. The aircraft was shot down minutes later.
"I was lucky, it was my second birthday," they wrote Tuesday.
Gritsak, the security service chief, ended their remarks Wednesday congratulating Babchenko on their "third birthday."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Utah Jazz guard Ricky Rubio, left, and Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook 0) battle for a loose ball in the second half during Game 4 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series, Monday, April 23, 2018, in Salt Lake City.
We all know now what the vengeful Internal Revenue Service under President Barack Obama has been doing to conservative nonprofits the past four years: strangling them in the crib. But do you know how much pampering and largesse far-left welfare-state charities have received while limited-government groups suffered? You don't know the half of it.
Before Obama took office, I warned that Democrats planned to steer untold amounts of taxpayer dollars to their shady community-organizing pals. The Dems' 2008 party platform proposed the creation of a “Social Investment Fund Network” to subsidize “social entrepreneurs and leading nonprofit organizations (that) are assisting schools, lifting families out of poverty, filling health-care gaps and inspiring others to lead change in their own communities.”
Investigative journalist James O'Keefe's pioneering work helped bring down the fraudsters of ACORN. But a thousand other ACORN-style knockoffs have metastasized in the shadows.
Not long after Obama took office, big-government Democrats and Republicans handed them the $6 billion mandatory “volunteerism” package known as the “Serve America Act.” The boondoggle fueled legions of new government “volunteers,” including a Clean Energy Corps, an Education Corps, a Healthy Futures Corps, a Veterans Service Corps and an expanded National Civilian Community Corps for disaster relief and energy conservation.
In addition to creating thousands of make-work jobs and boosting bloated national service bureaucracies, the legislation also carved out a left-wing slush fund known as the Social Innovation Fund. In its four-year existence, SIF has doled out $140 million to 20 handpicked grant-making organizations, which in turn have chosen 197 “promising nonprofits” for government support.
Obama promised “accountability” measures to ensure the money is spent wisely. But who has been assessing the effectiveness of the spending? As I reported at the outset, it's interest-conflicted foxes in the social entrepreneurship community guarding the government-grant hen house.
Among the lucky winners of these crony SIF monies: the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, which received $4.2 million and had employed Patrick Corvington, former head of the Corporation for National and Community Service; and social welfare outfit New Profit Inc., which received $5 million and had employed former SIF executive director Paul Carttar. New Profit's conflicts are gobsmacking. Nonprofit Quarterly noted that SIF “owes its existence at least in part to New Profit, which in 2007 put together a coalition of nonprofit groups called America Forward to advocate for, among other things, the creation of a federal fund.”
The inspector general overseeing SIF, AmeriCorps and other Serve Act programs agreed with critics that the Social Innovation Fund grant application process lacked transparency, lacked a policy on handling staff conflicts of interest and failed to fully document grant award decisions.
Another IG audit released just last week revealed that a prominent SIF grantee, the progressive Edna McConnell Clark Foundation, “fail(ed) to remove two of its employees, who were known by CEO management to have criminal histories that made them ineligible, from working on the SIF grant.”
As Paul Light, a public policy professor at New York University who served on a review panel for the fund, told National Public Radio: “It's not clear yet what taxpayers have gotten for the money.” The phony-baloney statistics that SIF bureaucrats tout to show how many have been “served” simply demonstrate the Nanny State “entrepreneurs'” real agenda: maximizing the number of government dependents and rewarding social welfare operatives.
The Obama administration's politicization of charity — or the “Solyndra-ization of philanthropy,” as the Manhattan Institute's Howard Husock calls it — has created a permanent taxpayer-backed pipeline to Democratic partisan outfits masquerading as public-interest do-gooders. There's nothing “innovative” about underwriting the same failed dependency-inducing community organizing fronts while persecuting others based on ideology.
It's self-SERVE-ing Chicago business as usual.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and their Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @michellemalkin, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
The United Kingdom and the European Union have reached a landmark deal on a Brexit transition phase that will last for nearly two years after Britain's departure from the EU next year.
The deal was reached Monday after London made a series of concessions to Brussels, which included accepting a “backstop” plan of keeping Northern Ireland under EU law to avoid a hard border with the Republic of Ireland.
The EU's Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said the two sides were "in agreement on a large part" of the departure treaty governing the terms of Britain's exit after four decades of membership in the EU.
"We have reached an agreement on the transition period," Barnier told a press conference with Brexit Secretary David Davis.
The post-Brexit transition will begin on March 29, 2019, the day Britain formally exits the EU and last until December 31, 2020, Barnier said.
During that period, Britain "will no longer participate in the European Union decision-making process," Barnier added.
"Nevertheless, it will preserve the benefits, the advantages of the single market and the customs union... and will therefore be required to respect all the European rules just like all member states do."
The purpose of the transition period is twofold: to give EU and UK businesses and citizens time to adjust to life after Brexit, and to give Britain and the EU more time to agree on a trade deal.
The UK also agreed in principle to the EU's "backstop" plan for the status of the Irish border, under which British-ruled Northern Ireland would remain part of the EU's customs union if there is no better idea.
The thorny issue will, however, require further talks to be fully resolved, the two sides said.
The EU insists that any departure agreement must ensure there is no "hard border" between EU member Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, saying it could compromise the 1998 peace accord that ended decades of sectarian violence in the British province.
The remaining 27 EU countries say Britain must agree to terms on Northern Ireland before it will sign off on the final version of their divorce agreement and advance to trade talks in April.
Several weeks ago, UK Prime Minister Theresa May said no British premier could ever accept such an idea, saying it would compromise Britain's constitutional integrity and effectively draw up a border between Northern Ireland and the rest of Britain.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters face heavy traffic coming out of Birmingham on their way home tonight.
Two lanes were closed as a result of a broken down vehicle on the M6 northbound between J6 A38 (M) Aston Expressway / A5127 Gravelly Hill / A38 Tyburn Road / Spaghetti Junction and J7 A34 at Great Barr.
The car broke down in lane two and so two lanes are closed for safety reasons.
(Image: Jason Hawkes)
It has since been moved to lane one and lane two re-opened just before 5pm.
As a result, there is queueing traffic all around Spaghetti Junction and the motorway.
This follows an earlier broken down vehicle which caused one lane of the M6 northbound to be closed between J5 A452 at Castle Bromwich and J6 A38(M) Aston Expressway / Spaghetti Junction.
It was reopened by 4.30pm and traffic returned to normal.
However, it may have a knock-on effect on traffic for commuters making their way in and out of the city.
​The recently published report titled Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Market considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Market. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw mate rial analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360638
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Aircraft Engine and Parts Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Aircraft Engine & Parts
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Aircraft Engine & Parts
1.1.1 Definition of Aircraft Engine & Parts
1.1.2 Specifications of Aircraft Engine & Parts
1.2 Classification of Aircraft Engine & Parts
1.2.1 Propeller
1.2.2 Landing Gear
1.2.3 Control System
1.2.4 Other
1.3 Applications of Aircraft Engine & Parts
1.3.1 Military
1.3.2 Civil
1.3.3 Application 3
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Aircraft Engine & Parts
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Overall Market Overview
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Analysis (Company Segment)
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)
5 Aircraft Engine & Parts Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Aircraft Engine & Parts Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Aircraft Engine & Parts Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Propeller of Aircraft Engine & Parts Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Landing Gear of Aircraft Engine & Parts Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.3 Control System of Aircraft Engine & Parts Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.4 Other of Aircraft Engine & Parts Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Aircraft Engine & Parts Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Aircraft Engine & Parts Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Military of Aircraft Engine & Parts Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Civil of Aircraft Engine & Parts Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts
8.1 GE Aviation and Pratt & Whitney (US)
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 GE Aviation and Pratt & Whitney (US) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 GE Aviation and Pratt & Whitney (US) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Japan)
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Japan) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Japan) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Rolls-Royce (UK)
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Rolls-Royce (UK) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Rolls-Royce (UK) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 SAFRAN
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 SAFRAN 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 SAFRAN 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 Thales
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 Thales 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 Thales 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 Zodiac (France)
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 Zodiac (France) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 Zodiac (France) 2016 Aircraft Engine & Parts Business Region Distribution Analysis
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts Market
9.1 Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Aircraft Engine & Parts Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Aircraft Engine & Parts Consumption Forecast
9.3 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Trend (Product Type)
9.4 Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Trend (Application)
10 Aircraft Engine & Parts Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Aircraft Engine & Parts Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Aircraft Engine & Parts International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Aircraft Engine & Parts by Region
10.4 Aircraft Engine & Parts Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Aircraft Engine & Parts
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Aircraft Engine & Parts Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360638
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
As research reframes addiction risks, school officials and treatment professionals step up efforts to keep drugs away from kids
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 6 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
It was once perceived as a rite of passage of sorts, but adolescence and substance use are now considered a toxic combination. More and more research is revealing that choices made at an early age — generally in the early teenage years — can have lasting effects, few of them positive.
“If you can delay or postpone someone's use, you're basically inoculating them against addiction,” said Shereen Khatapoush, director of Fighting Back's Youth Services System, part of the Santa Barbara Council on Alcoholism & Drug Abuse.
“If someone uses alcohol, marijuana, anything, before the age of 15, they are four to five times more likely to have addiction or dependence at some point in their lifetime,” they said.
“So addiction, dependence, it's fundamentally a developmental disorder. If you don't start using as an adolescent, you're probably never going to have a problem. You might experiment, you might have problem use at some point, but you probably won't have real addiction or dependence issues.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
While there are exceptions, Khatapoush and others at CADA believe keeping children off drugs will greatly increase their potential for a healthy life.
“We're not prohibitionists,” Khatapoush said. “We're not saying no one should ever have a drink. We're trying to prevent this harm, we're trying to prevent — it sounds dramatic — the ravages of addiction and dependence.”
New research shows that the human brain does not fully develop until age 25, and drug use during teen years can disrupt parts of its development during that period. Especially at risk are pathways to the prefrontal cortex, the area of the brain that is thought to be involved in decision-making and planning complex cognitive behaviors, as well as in the expression of personality and appropriate social behavior. Some people may not develop emotional self-control and may instead turn to substance use as a coping mechanism, research shows.
“We see this fundamental arrested development in middle-aged people who used (substances) a lot as teenagers or young adults,” Khatapoush said.
Parents are the most important influence on whether a child starts using alcohol or drugs and they should have clear, consistent conversations about their expectations, they said.
Once a child starts using, their or their friends and peers often have the most influence, so parents are advised to be mindful of who their child spends time with and what they're doing.
Lack of knowledge is the key issue, said Santa Barbara Unified School District Superintendent Dave Cash.
During their career, which includes top positions at districts throughout California, Cash said they have been in parent-student conferences after the student has been hospitalized, expelled or had another drug-related problem and the parent's response has been, “I had no idea,” or, “He was taking what the doctor told them to take.”
Cash has a 19-year-old son whose close friend became addicted to OxyContin prescribed for an athletic injury. The friend ended up taking nearly a year off of school to recover and overcome drug-related physical issues.
“I've seen it one step removed and it was devastating,” Cash said.
As a principal seven years ago, Cash said they had no direct exposure to what they heard was happening — selling Ritalin to classmates, stealing codeine from a parent's friend's medicine cabinet, and “pharm parties” during which youths ingest anything and everything without regard to the effects of combining drugs with each other and alcohol.
They didn't see prescription drug abuse as an emerging issue then, but he's now certain the stories were true and the problem has not gone away.
Cash is working on an educational campaign for parents and students. They say the students who are educated and aware of the problem need to talk to their friends, while adults need to take a proactive leadership role.
Marlin Sumpter, who as the school district's student services director is in charge of discipline, says it's vitally important for parents to monitor medications — even going as far as counting the pills.
“Just because the bottle is still there doesn't mean someone is not getting into it,” they said.
Fighting Back provides places for students to go with questions or someone to talk to at every secondary public school on the South Coast. The program's Youth Services specialists have one-on-one counseling sessions with any student who needs to talk about anything, be it a relationship, problems at home or substance abuse.
Fighting Back also provides the bilingual SUPER (Substance Abuse Prevention Education Resource) program for students who have gotten in trouble for a drug or alcohol violation at school.
“When we bring (parents and students) together, it's just so much more powerful and effective,” Khatapoush said.
Families new to the mandated program typically are ashamed and angry, they said.
“And the way they go out usually is crying and thanking us,” they said. “Because it helps, and it really reconnects the child and their parent and engages them in some really wonderful conversations — healing, helpful conversations — and gives them information that's really useful.”
Meanwhile, Santa Barbara school district officials have encountered secondary students who have brought alcohol, marijuana or prescription drugs to school and are under the influence on campus.
The excuses of “I'm holding it for a friend” and “I found it in the gutter on the way to school” are still very popular, Sumpter said.
The 2010-2011 California Healthy Kids Survey asks about lifetime use of alcohol, inhalants, illicit and prescription drugs for nonmedical reasons, to get “high,” “loaded,” “wasted” or “stoned.”
Adolescents overwhelmingly use alcohol and marijuana as their drugs of choice, according to the findings. Forty-four percent of students in 11th grade report using alcohol and 35 percent report using marijuana to get high at least once. Ninth-graders report half those rates, at 18 percent for alcohol and 7 percent for marijuana.
Seven percent of 11-graders and 3 percent of ninth-graders have used prescription painkillers to get high at least once.
Nontraditional schools — La Cuesta Continuation High and Alta Vista Alternative High — have significantly higher rates than the other schools in terms of percentages, but have much smaller populations, at just 191 combined for the 2009-2010 school year.
Sumpter said they aren't aware of widespread drug or alcohol issues on the two campuses. The Healthy Kids Survey shows 68 percent of nontraditional students report using alcohol and 67 percent report using marijuana. Twenty-two percent of students have used prescription painkillers to get high.
In recent years, controlled substances-related issues contributed to half of the Santa Barbara school district's expulsions. For 2009-2010, there were 40 expulsions for the secondary schools and 532 violence/drug-related suspensions — out of a junior high and high school total enrollment of 9,882.
Throughout Noozhawk's research for its Prescription for Abuse series, authorities, officials and treatment professionals repeatedly asked reporters to stress how easy it is for young people to get access to these relatively inexpensive drugs.
Sumpter said he's seen an increase in alcohol and drug issues for the past 15 years. First offenses get managed at the school level and more serious cases — like selling on the campuses — go straight to him.
“It's just becoming easier to get it, so the struggle against it is greater,” they said.
Students are supposed to check in any prescription medications they have with the nurse's office, but there are instances of sharing between students, often with painkillers like Vicodin. When one student has a headache, another will offer up a pharmaceutical solution, Sumpter said.
They suspect most use — or abuse — is done privately.
The highest risk hours for adolescents are between 3 and 6 p.m., since it's typically a gap between adult supervision, Khatapoush said.
“Everyone's at risk; every adolescent is because they're developing,” they said.
A drug abuse trend specifically reported among the adolescent and young adult population is using cold and cough medicines.
“Kids are going into pharmacies and stealing over-the-counter drugs, Coricidin, cough syrup,” said Von Nguyen, a Santa Barbara County deputy district attorney and juvenile prosecutor.
“I've heard of kids overdosing and drinking an entire bottle of it and getting sick.”
Some of the motivation comes from young people on probation.
“If their usual drug choice is alcohol or marijuana and they know they're going to be tested for it, they're going to start changing to different types of drugs to get that high,” Nguyen said.
That can range from prescription painkillers to Xanax, an anti-anxiety drug. The most popular are cold and cough medicines such as Robitussin, known as “robo-tripping,” and Coricidin cold medicine pills, known as “red devils.”
“These kids know exactly how many of those pills they need to take to get high,” Nguyen said.
Cold and cough medicines have been used by 8 percent of ninth- and 11th-graders, according to the Healthy Kids Survey, and there are small percentages of students who have used barbiturates, tranquilizers, Ritalin or Adderall for a nonmedical purpose.
“There are kids who are taking it not just to get high, but so they can focus and do better in school,” Nguyen said. “I've heard kids ask their parents, ‘Can you please take me to the doctor so we can get Adderall so I can get better grades?'”
Without the conditions for which Ritalin or Adderall are prescribed, the drug's effects differ between individuals. It's a central nervous system stimulant used to treat attention-deficit disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and narcolepsy, and overdose can cause fainting, fast heartbeat, vomiting or seizures.
“If you don't have those conditions, a Ritalin pill will get you high almost as if you did coke or meth,” said Tom Miller, a District Attorney's Office investigator.
“Not knowing what (dosage) is appropriate for you makes a big difference,” added Jackie Kurta, director of UCSB's Alcohol & Drug Program. “Physicians say it's one of those drugs that doesn't necessarily relate to body weight with the dosage, it depends on your own brain.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Drivers are being warned of delays of up to an hour on the M6 through Birmingham this morning.
Long queues have formed after the northbound carriageway was reduced to one lane (from three) around 8.30am.
The delays have been sparked by a trailer breaking free from a vehicle and becoming stuck under a motorway barrier.
The incident happened between J5 Castle Bromwich & J9 at Wednesbury.
A statement from Highways England read: "In the West Midlands, the M6 has 2 lanes closed northbound between J8 at Newton and J9 at Wednesbury due to a disconnected trailer blocking lanes 1 and 2.
"The trailer has become wedged under the barrier. Long delays of approximately 1 hour are now being measured on the M5 approach from Quinton and the M6 northbound approach from Erdington.
"Traffic Officers are currently working to clear the trailer from running lane. Road users are advised to leave plenty of extra travelling time and to consider alternative routes if possible."
Follow the latest traffic and travel updates below.
Shwetha Menon
Popular actor Shwetha Menon is one among the most popular contestants in the first season of Bigg Boss Malayalam. According to the sources, Shwetha Menon has a remuneration of 1 Lakh per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Ranjini Haridas
Popular anchor Ranjini Haridas is also a part of the Bigg Boss show. In the report, it has been mentioned that the popular celebrity is said to be receiving Rs 80,000 per day for participating in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Anoop Chandran
Anoop Chandran, who is much popular character artist in films, is yet another notable celebrity in Bigg Boss Malayalam. Reportedly, the sources have said that the actor is receiving Rs 71,000 per day for the show.
Pearle Maaney
Pearle Maaney, who is an anchor, VJ and actor, is next in the list. According to the report, Pearle Maaney draws a salary of Rs 50,000 per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Archana Suseelan
Archana Suseelan is a well-known television artist, who has been part of some popular serials. The report adds that according to the sources, the cine actor, who is a part of Bigg Boss draws a salary of Rs 30,000 per day.
Hima Sankar
Hima Sankar, who is a theatre personality and a film actor is also one among the contestants in the show. According to the report, the actor receives Rs 20,000 per day.
Come to La Arcada Restaurant on Sunday for a fundraiser benefiting the Performing & Visual Arts Camp of Santa Barbara!
This year is PVAC's 10th anniversary of giving our community's youth the opportunities they deserve to sing, dance, act and express themselves in a safe and healthy environment. When you eat your breakfast, lunch, or dinner at La Arcada on July 7, you are helping another child fulfill their or their dreams of getting on the stage!
Live entertainment will be provided by the exceptionally delightful guitarist Soloman Johnson and enchanting vocalist Megan Wilson.
La Arcada Restaurant is located at 1112 State St. and is open from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. Call 805.965.5742 for reservations. For more information on the second session of PVAC, which begins Monday, July 8, call Mary Ann Helman at 805.682.2016.
See you there!
— Miguel “Mikie” Cabrera is studio manager of DMK Studio and represents the Performing & Visual Arts Camp.
SONIC BOOM: A meteorite filmed at the Gold Coast heads for the Great Dividing Range.
A ROCK hurtling towards Earth from space made itself known in Killarney in a huge way on Sunday night.
People from all over southern Queensland spotted a large, bright meteor about 6pm and shortly after social media in Killarney on the Southern Downs lit up with residents reporting a huge bang.
Footage online, taken from Runaway Bay on the Gold Coast clearly showed the bright object heading towards the Great Dividing Range before disappearing.
But it was reports of a house-shaking thud in Killarney that really got social media buzzing.
Facebook user Brigitte Jones posted, "I felt it out here, the house shook."
Killarney resident Krissy Bloomfield said, "On Brosnan Rd the kids saw what we thought shooting star just before the bang."
Queen Mary Falls Caravan Park and Cafe owner Louise Reed said they had been sitting with guests around a camp fire when the meteor came over.
"We were having a lovely time when one of the guests pointed out a shooting star," Mrs Reed said.
"But it was much too big for that and really bright.
"It passed directly over the top of us, heading east then a moment later, we all heard the noise."
Mrs Reed said it sounded like thunder or fireworks.
"But it went on for too long for thunder," they said.
"It's created a real buzz up here, everyone's talking about it and the TV crews are on their way as well.
"It's pretty crazy to think something that's probably travelled millions of kilometres through space would end up right here."
BIG BANG: Killarney man John Towells looks to the skies after a meteor rocked Killarney on Sunday night. Jonno Colfs
In Killarney the sound was much louder, according to resident Bonnie Bell.
"It was like a truck convoy on the highway but 10 times louder," they said.
Former Warwick State High School teacher and astronomy enthusiast Stuart Watt said the bang over Killarney was probably a sonic boom as the meteor entered denser air.
"But as it was observed from northern New South Wales, it definitely didn't land close-by," they said.
"My guess is it is one of the pi-Puppid meteor shower which matches the radiant.
"The descriptions and video match previous observations."
Springbrook Research Observatory owner Andre Clayden said meteors can travel at tremendous speed.
"It's highly likely a sonic boom has caused shock waves," they said.
"Which would explain why people felt their houses shake."
Killarney resident John Towells said it wasn't the first time such an occurrence had happened in Killarney.
"There was a similar event about 20 years ago," they said. "And in 2007, people saw a fireball out Cherrabah way and thought it might be a plane going down.
"There were search parties and I was sent out there to have a look but in the end they put it down to being a meteor getting close to Earth."
A BIG win is all Kerry McCarthy could have hoped for from the Royal Brisbane Show.
The limousin steer named Banger was named reserve champion medium-weight steer of the show.
Though no stranger to exhibiting at the Ekka Mrs McCarthy, who runs Lochinvar Limousin stud at Clifton with husband Simon, said this year's win was extra special.
"We decided to name Banger after Keith Bange who was a very respected and well-loved cattleman around the Clifton area,” Mrs McCarthy said.
"He ran Kia-Ora stud and loved their cattle, particularly limousins, and they died after a long battle with cancer earlier this year at the age of 82 so we wanted to honour him.
"It was very emotional - Keith's brother Raymond and their daughter and granddaughter were there, and there were some tears when they were announced as reserve champ and when they were auctioned off.
"We showed Banger together with another local limousin breeder David Achilles and we thank them for this opportunity; we obviously make a good team.”
At a year old, Banger had placed at every Darling Downs show they were entered into.
Mrs McCarthy said even though Mr Achilles' cattle had performed well before, it was no easy feat to get the young steer to the Ekka.
"We were hoping for a ribbon which is pretty hard to achieve with the numbers, and they're all top quality, so to come away with reserve champion was amazing,” they said.
"We'll continue on the local circuit of shows but we don't know if we'll enter into Ekka again.
"It would be very hard to beat this year.”
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - Miami-Dade police are searching for an unknown amount of thieves who used a vehicle to smash their way inside a T-Mobile store in northeast Miami-Dade, authorities said.
The burglary is believed to have happened between 2:30 a.m. and 3 a.m. Tuesday at the T-Mobile in the 1700 block of Miami Gardens Drive.
A store manager told Local 10 News reporter Erica Rakow that the thieves got away with some cellphones that were on display. But the manager said the cellphones are useless because they won't accept a SIM card.
The store was closed early Tuesday morning as repairmen boarded up the windows. The store reopened later in the morning.
Anyone with information about the burglary is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-8477.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
In this May 28, 2018, photo, President Donald Trump speaks during a Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Va. Trump on Tuesday seized on an error by liberal activists who tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the current administration for separating immigrant children from their parents. The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014, when President Barack Obama was in office. The photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors. Evan Vucci AP Photo
Rihanna sparked engagement rumors after posted pictures of themselves on instagram wearing a big diamond ring on their ring finger. Remember Riri has been dating Saudi billionaire Hassan Jameel.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Toto Wolff has backtracked after saying Nico Rosberg might return to F1 from retirement.
In Montreal, Mercedes chief Wolff said they would "not be surprised" if the German was lured to "Ferrari or someone else" in the future.
Rosberg hit back: "No, I really have finished my career."
Now, Wolff has clarified their original comments, saying they had simply answered a journalist's question about whether they would be surprised if Rosberg came back.
"I would be even more surprised if they are back in formula one again next year," they told the German broadcaster Sky.
"You can see how stories like this are created in formula one," Wolff added.
Newly released tickets starting at $44 are now available for Sunday's performance of the Steve Miller Band, with special guest Dispatch, at 6:30 p.m. at the Santa Barbara Bowl.
Bring dad, bring the entire family to hear classic Steve Miller Band hits including “Fly Like an Eagle,” “The Joker,” “Rock ‘n Me,” “Take the Money and Run,” “Abracadabra,” among many others,
plus new favorites.
“I would go so far as to argue that the offspring of Steve Miller fanboys would — and probably do — love the grassroots, no-shoes, no-shirt vibe that Dispatch has been championing for the past 17 years (give or take a hiatus or five),” Aly Comingore wrote in the Santa Barbara Independent. “I mean, what kid who grew up listening to ‘The Joker' wouldn't go ga-ga over ‘The General'? Am I right? So, you ask, what happens when these two acts get together under the stars on National Dad Celebration Day? I'm guessing a lot of beer drinking, slow grooving, and sing-along-style
father-son bonding.”
Doors will open at 5 p.m., followed by Dispatch performing at 6:30 p.m. and the Steve Miller Band at 8 p.m.
Tickets are available at all Ticketmaster outlets, including the Arlington Theatre, the Santa Barbara Bowl box office and Walmart. To charge by phone, call 800.745.3000. Click here to order online.
— Jesse Lee Weiss represents Nederlander Concerts.
Classically trained flutist Holly Hofmann was influenced by their father, a fine jazz guitarist. At age five, they chose the flute because they could carry it to play music with him. Hofmann has taken the flute from the orchestra to the jazz stand, making their mark with a bluesy style all their own. In this session from 2002, bassist Darek Oles joins Hofmann and host Marian McPartland to perform a set including "You and the Night and the Music" and "Bohemia After Dark."
Originally broadcast in the spring of 2002.
SET LIST
"You and the Night and the Music" (Dietz, Schwartz)
"Squatty Roo" (Hodges)
"Pretty Woman" (Sondheim)
"Daydream" (Strayhorn, Ellington)
"Meditation" (Jobim)
"My One and Only Love" (Mellin, Wood)
"Bohemia After Dark" (Pettiford)
Dubai: Unemployment and a failing education system contributed to the Arab Spring uprisings and pose a “major threat” to stability, the World Bank president warned during the World Government Summit in Dubai on Monday.
Speaking during their main address, Jim Yong Kim said: “The imperative to act is clear. High unemployment rates among graduates is a profound waste of time and potential, and it could pose a major threat to stability. We've seen this with the Arab Spring, where highly educated people, not able to earn as much as they could, were more likely to join protests. We've also seen this with groups like Daesh, where well-educated and under-employed people are more likely to be recruited.”
They added: “To help meet these challenges, I'm delighted to announce today [Monday] a platform for education, which will be convened annually here at the World Government Summit. The platform will serve as a space to share global experiences, launch new initiatives and spark high-level debates and exchange among leaders, experts and policymakers. The platform will harness our efforts to find scalable solutions to challenges.”
Also speaking about the need for inclusive education was Irina Bokova, director-general of Unesco, during their keynote address. “I believe we need a new focus on empowerment and capacities, building resilient societies, able to adapt to the unexpected, plan ahead and recover from crisis,” they said.
“This is why the 2030 Agenda is such a shift, because it is founded on education, on skills, to empower every man and women, especially girls.”
Austin, Texas (webnewswire) April 23, 2018 – Schools that depend on buses are slowly switching over to gas-powered vehicles. This marks a recent trend in the bus industry, as diesel-powered vehicles have been dominating the market for decades. Over the past few years, customers have stated they would like a gas-powered vehicle but they didn't want to lose the immediate acceleration from a complete stop or hill climbing capability. Recently, companies like Longhorn Bus, a division of Kyrish Truck Centers, have wanted to stay ahead of the changing market. They have introduced 2 new lines of buses: gas-powered and a connected bus.
Schools that depend on busses are choosing gas-powered buses or the connected bus due to ease of use. The gas-powered bus gives owners the same ease of use but with less worry about complex emissions and easier maintenance. While the connected bus, which is still diesel, offers OnCommand Connection. OnCommand Connection gives real-time location for parents, telematics for engine diagnostics and preventative maintenance for owners, driver tablets, cameras and much more. From easier maintenance to smart connection it is easy to understand why this shift is affecting the bus industry. Industry experts believe 35 – 40% of school buses will be gas-powered by 2020.
As a leading provider of medium and heavy-duty trucks and buses, Kyrish Truck Centers is responsible for monitoring changing consumer preferences. The company is proud to offer local schools throughout the state of Texas with a range of gas-powered and connected buses, trucks and parts. The company is determined to meet the needs of its clients by staying on top of the latest trends in the bus and trucking industry.
About Kyrish Truck Centers: Since 1976, Kyrish Truck Centers has become the leading provider of commercial trucks, all makes of truck parts and service, and new and used commercial truck rental and leasing options for box trucks, day cab trucks, dump trucks, reefer trucks, sleeper, and flatbed trucks in Texas. They acquired Longhorn Bus back in 1990, they were Navistar Dealer of the Year in 2016 and won the Pursuit of Excellence Award in 2017. Today the Kyrish family owns and operates nine International truck dealerships throughout TX that are now a part of Kyrish Truck Centers. You can find Kyrish Truck Centers in Austin, Bryan, Corpus Christi, Houston, Laredo, Pharr, San Antonio, Temple, and Victoria. All interested parties can visit the company's website for more information.
Contact Details:
Fred Hoke
Longhorn Bus Sales, LLC
FHoke@lhb-tx.com
713 631 9306
###
Colliers India NCR Facilities Management (FM) Team further strengthened its market position by securing a project with Tata Housing. This latest Property Management project for Tata called ‘Gurgaon Gateway' located at sector 112, Gurgaon is ~8,50,000 sq.ft. The ‘Gurgaon Gateway' project sets a new benchmark for luxurious living and modern architecture and has an incredible amount of green cover inspired by the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
Colliers International India has been managing multiple residential projects of Tata, across India. In a very short span of time, the Colliers FM team has proven its capabilities and through continuous service excellence, the team has managed to acquire the Gurgaon Gateway project as well.
“Our market intelligence, expertise and drive to work towards consistent improvement on service delivery has enabled us to grow with our existing clients and increase our clientele. We are confident to further nurture our expertise and aim to set a new standard of Facilities Management, not just in NCR, but across India”, said Jaswant Singh I Director (NCR) I Facilities Management I Colliers International India.
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says police have detained eight people in connection with the Istanbul nightclub attack.
Anadolu Agency says that the eight have been taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters.
The gunman, who escaped after carrying out the attack, wasn't among the eight.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed 39 people, most of them foreigners.
------
3 p.m.
The father of one of the victims of the deadly New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub has arrived from Belgium to collect their 23-year-old son's body.
Waiting outside the Forensic Medicine Institute, Ali Akyil told Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency that they were a Turkish family who loved their country, and so their son, Mehmet Kerim Akyil, had gone to Istanbul for their New Year's vacation.
Anadolu said that relatives were also waiting outside to collect 38-year-old Bulent Sirvan Osman's body and return them to Erbil, Iraq. A married father of two, Osman was in Istanbul for business.
Abdullah Ahmed Abbolos, a 32-year-old Palestinian who lived in Saudi Arabia, had come to Istanbul to celebrate the new year. An acquaintance told Anadolu their body would likely be taken to Saudi Arabia.
------
2 p.m.
Germany's Foreign Ministry says two people who lived in Germany, one of them a German citizen, are believed to have died in the New Year's attack on an Istanbul nightclub.
Ministry spokesperson Martin Schaefer says that both resided in Bavaria. One was a German-Turkish dual citizen and the other is believed to have had only Turkish nationality.
Schaefer said that three German citizens were wounded in the attack. They are not in a life-threatening condition.
------
1:30 p.m.
Relatives and Bollywood friends have converged at the Mumbai home of Abis Rizvi, one of the two Indian victims of the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub.
They offered condolences to the bereaved family on Monday even as Rizvi's father left for Istanbul to bring back their son's body. The body is expected to reach Mumbai on Wednesday, according to Bollywood actor and friend Raza Murad.
Rizvi, a 49-year-old builder, wrote, produced and directed a Bollywood movie "Roar: The Tigers of Sunderbans," in 2014 aimed at spreading awareness about tigers.
The other Indian victim of the Istanbul attack that killed 39 people was Khushi Shah, a fashion designer from Vadodara, a city in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
------
12:50 p.m.
Turkey's Interior Ministry says that dozens of people have been detained in the past week over suspected ties to the Islamic State group.
The ministry's announcement came after a gunman opened fire on New Year's revelers at an Istanbul nightclub, killing 39 people and wounded dozens of others. IS has claimed responsibility for the attack.
In a statement released Monday, the ministry said 147 people were detained after authorities determined "they were in contact with the Daesh terrorist organization," referring to an Arabic acronym for IS.
Of the detained, 25 people have been formally put under arrest.
------
12:20 p.m.
Turkey's state news agency says 38 of the 39 victims of the New Year's attack on an Istanbul nightclub have been identified.
The Anadolu news agency, citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials, says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each; two nationals were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan each. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Sixty-nine people were also wounded. Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
------
12 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations, a day after a deadly attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations claimed by the group.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu Agency said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures.
Anadolu added that Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Turkey sent troops into neighboring northern Syria in August to clear a border area of IS militants and curb territorial advances by Syrian Kurdish forces.
------
11:45 a.m.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's attack was carried by a "heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast."
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in "revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders" of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as "the servant of the cross."
------
10:10 a.m.
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Bitcoin futures eased back from an initial surge of almost 22 percent to trade up 13 percent on Monday, in an eagerly awaited US market debut that backers hope will confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and lead to its wider use.
Although bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, the Chicago-based Cboe Global Markets' launch marked the first time investors could get exposure to the market via a mainstream regulated exchange.
The debut on Sunday night may have caused an early outage of the Cboe website. The exchange said that due to heavy traffic, the site “may be temporarily unavailable”.
The one-month bitcoin contract opened trade at 6 pm ET Sunday at $15,460, dipped briefly before rising to a high of $18,700 and then slipping again.
As of 6:12 a.m. ET Monday, the one-month future was up 13 percent from the open at $17,450, around $1,000 higher than the “spot” bitcoin price — the price at which bitcoin is currently being bought and sold.
The two-month contract was trading at $18,880, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $19,040.
“The premiums have so far been very high, demonstrating that few want to take the short side of the trade,” said Altana Digital Currency Fund manager Alistair Milne, whose fund has $35 million in assets under management.
In just over 12 hours after the launch, 2,780 contracts had been traded, meaning around $48.5 million had been notionally invested. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $20 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
Just 13 trades of the two-month contracts had been traded.
“It will take time for derivative volumes to build up, but eventually if they prove to be a significant percentage of the global trade, they should in theory help stabilize things,” said Milne.
Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000, and its gains in the past month have been rapid.
Controversial move
Bitcoin fans appear excited about the prospect of an exchange-listed and regulated product and the ability to bet on its price swings without having to sign up for a digital wallet.
Others, however, caution that risks remain for investors and possibly even the clearing organizations underpinning the trades.
“You are going to open up the market to a whole lot of people who aren't currently in bitcoin,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big US banks and brokerages, though.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab and TD Ameritrade, did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
Bitcoin's manic run-up this year has boosted volatility far in excess of other asset classes. The futures trading may help dampen some of the sharp moves, analysts said.
“Hypothetically, volatility over the long run should drop after institutions get involved,” Gottlieb said. “But there may not be an immediate impact, say in the first month.”
Clarification about Joey Carbery's whereabouts next season is expected from Joe Schmidt at the Ireland coach's first media conference since Twickenham on March 17th.
Schmidt and IRFU performance director David Nucifora reportedly approached Leinster coach Leo Cullen, on the week of the Champions Cup quarter-final against Saracens, seeking that Carbery or Ross Byrne move to Ulster next season to replace Paddy Jackson.
Jackson's contract was revoked by the IRFU, following disciplinary proceedings in April, after Jackson and Stuart Olding had been cleared of rape charges. Jackson remains without a club but French side Brive, coached by Jeremy Davidson, signed Olding this week.
Carbery, Byrne and Jackson are all represented by Esportif rugby agent Ryan Constable.
It is believed Byrne is staying at Leinster but after Carbery turned down a 12-month loan deal in Belfast, the 22-year-old recently met Munster coach Johann van Graan.
With 16 months to go until the World Cup in Japan, Schmidt is keen to avoid a repeat of the Ian Madigan situation at the 2015 tournament when the now Bristol outhalf had primarily played inside centre, fullback or off the bench when asked to fill the void left by injury to Johnny Sexton for the quarter-final defeat to Argentina.
Leinster have repeatedly selected Carbery at fullback this past season, except for the defeat to Treviso and some sparks of brilliance off the bench at outhalf, particularly during Saturday's Pro14 final.
For Ireland, at 10, Carbery has been stunning and awful in equal measure. In November 2016 they closed out the historic victory over the All Blacks in Chicago only to produce perhaps their worst game as a professional against the US Eagles last June (Jackson missed both of these games as they could not enter the United States). Come November 2017, Carbery wonderfully picked open the Fijian defence before fracturing their forearm.
“Obviously playing in one position the whole time would make me better in that position but, at the moment, learning the different ways of different positions all helps in the end,” they said in March. “I've said this before as a 10 playing at 15 when attacking you want to catch out the 15, see where their weaknesses are, so playing 15 I learn what's hard to defend and what's hard to attack.”
Foreign talent
This may suit their development but with Jackson and Madigan out of the equation, Schmidt's Ireland tour Australia with Byrne and Carbery as back-up outhalves. Ideally, for Ireland but not Leinster, with Stuart Lancaster repeatedly stating they want to keep coaching Carbery, they will not be competing for the same provincial jersey next season.
Munster have their own issues, with the continued influx of foreign talent – there were 17 non-Munster produced players on their first-team roster this season (six from Leinster, five South Africans, three via England, two New Zealanders and Chris Farrell is an Ulster man) – prompting Paul O'Connell to voice concerns about the long-term direction and planning of the province.
“I'm not a massive fan of players moving around the provinces,” O'Connell told The Irish Examiner. “I think it's just a short-term fix for Munster if players come here.
“We have to put in a production system underneath from the club game and from the schools game to match other provinces. Maybe we won't ever be as good as Leinster at it but we do need to try something.
“I chat to people all the time about short-term fixes, about signing players from other provinces, and signing players from other countries. It's a short-term fix and we need a long-term fix that can produce talent and sustain the province going forward.
“Rugby is a very tough game. If you are emotionally connected to the team you are playing for, you have a far better chance of being successful. And you have a far better chance of being emotionally connected to a team you are playing for if you come up through that province and wanted to play for that team all your life.”
O'Connell, part of the Ireland U-20s coaching ticket at the World Cup in France, has reportedly cut ties with the Munster academy but did accept that issues at outhalf needing solving.
“It is a position where we have struggled. We have had players that have played really well from time to time. Like Ian Keatley. Tyler [Bleyendaal], when they have been fit, has played really well there but we haven't had the consistency that other teams have had, like Johnny Sexton at Leinster.
“Munster just need to find someone that can play at a really consistent level. Whether that is the guys they already have or whether it's someone new, that's up to the coaches to figure out.
“Munster aren't that far behind. They have been in two Champions Cup semi-finals in the last two years. Munster are not where they were at 10 or 15 years ago but I do think Leinster doing so well has exacerbated things.
“I don't think we are producing the players that we used to produce. It's a real shame to think that Munster were so strong in 2006 and 2008 and we didn't capitalise on it.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Knife-wielding burglars attacked and threatened three people during a raid at a Derby home.
A 41-year-old man was standing outside the front door of their home in Milton Street when they were assaulted by two men who repeatedly punched them in the head.
The men then entered the property where they attacked two other people and threatened them with a blade while demanding money.
However, the burglars left empty handed and fled in the direction of Crosby Street and then Stockbrook Street.
(Image: Google Maps)
Derbyshire police are appealing for information on the incident, which took place at 7.25pm on Thursday, February 1.
One of the men was white, 5ft 7in tall, aged around 35 and stocky. They were wearing a blue jacket with a black cross-stitched pattern on the front. Their nose and mouth were covered by a white scarf with green stripes.
The second offender was black, 5ft 10in tall, aged around 30 with short black hair and skinny. They were wearing a black jacket.
A police spokesperson asked that anyone with information about the incident should call DC Daniel Handley-Farrell on 101, quoting reference 180000 51803.
Alternatively, you could send them a message online by visiting the Contact Us section of the Derbyshire police website www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us. You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
English Learner and Latino students are often over-identified in the special-education programs of the Santa Barbara Unified School District, administrators said at Tuesday night's Board of Education meeting.
Helen Rodriguez, assistant superintendent of special education, and their staff gave a Strategic Plan update to the board, including the findings in the disproportionate report.
Almost 60 percent of the total district's students identify as Latino or Hispanic, but more than 80 percent of students identified with specific learning disability and 75 percent of students with a speech language impairment are Latino or Hispanic, Director John Schettler said.
They said the numbers are skewed and it's not surprising data, given that the problem is statewide. It's been a problem in the district for a long time, and the special-education staff are working to retrain employees, they added.
Oftentimes, language acquisition issues are identified as special-education issues, Schettler said.
The state assigned a consultant to the district last year because of this, and a lot of professional development training is dedicated to making changes in this area, Superintendent Dave Cash said.
Special-education department leaders are working on the many deficiencies cited in the damning FCMAT report that recommended a complete overhaul.
Efforts are focused on improving all forms of communication, developing clearer procedures for the Individualized Education Program process, and implementing training for staff, teachers, administrators and parents, Rodriguez said.
A behavior specialist, hired last year, has been following through on IEPs to make sure they are carried out with fidelity, Schettler said. In the past, some plans have been written out but not implemented fully, they said.
Rodriguez is also working to fill all the positions in the department, since two of the three program specialist positions were vacant all of last year.
Many special-education advocates and parents attended the meeting, but none spoke during public comment.
The Board of Education also adopted the 2013-14 budget at Tuesday's meeting. District officials expect additional funding from the dissolution of Santa Barbara's Redevelopment Agency and parcel tax increases passed by voters last November.
It's still unclear how the new Local Control Funding Formula will impact school finances, so the district budgeted based on the existing revenue limit system, according to assistant superintendent of business services Meg Jette. The budget passed by the Legislature also includes two years of funding to implement the Common Core State Standards with money for professional development, technology and materials.
Board member Ed Heron and others were concerned the district doesn't spend enough on deferred maintenance, and Cash said there will be a detailed funding and repair schedule coming forward in a few weeks.
The current year's budget includes one-time bonuses for all employees from Redevelopment Agency funds.
On a separate item, the board approved a new community resource coordinator position — paid for by outside funding — to be a full-time liaison for the district and the THRIVE Santa Barbara County program. Cash wants to replicate the success seen with THRIVE Westside and eventually expand it to every district school site.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Dublin and London-listed venture capital firm Draper Esprit has teamed up with Berlin-based Earlybird in a move that could lead to a merger between the two companies.
Together, both businesses will have the equivalent of a € 1 billion fund, one of the largest in Europe, and a portfolio of over 100 European tech businesses.
The partnership is expected to deploy up to €200 million a year in seed, Series A,B and C technology companies. It is anticipated there will be between 15 to 20 new deals a year carried out by the teams.
As part of the partnership, Draper Esprit has taken a staken in Earlybird's VI fund, initially investing €18 million with further investments of €17 million a year until 2022. The comanies have also agreed to share dealflow, investment resources and expertise to co-invest together in high growth European techn companies.
Earlybird is one of Europe's most active venture capital partnerships with a team of 23 investment professionals managing over €1 billion. It has invested in several leading technology companies in recent years including N26, Smava, UI Path and Peak Games.
The Earlybird VI fund will have total commitments of €175 million of which €36million has already been invested to date across 13 companies. Initial companies in the fund include Shapeshift, Everoad, Movinga, Fraugster, Medidate, Xain and Crossengage.
Draper Esprit, which has previously backed a number of leading Irish tech companies such as Movidius and Clavis Insight, said it has also issued new 64,820 new shares to the benefit of the Earlybird partners in exchange of a minority stake in the management company of the fund.
“We have worked with the Earlybird partners as co?investors and industry members for many years and have huge respect for the leading VC position they have built in Germany and across continental Europe. With our resources combined as genuine partners we will be able to help European entrepreneurs scale their global ambitions even higher,” said Draper Esprit chief executive and co-founder Simon Cook.
Since its initial public offering (IPO) in June 2016, Draper Esprit has funded more than 25 new businesses, grown its gross portfolio value by 209 per cent and realised over £57 million in cash, including amounts held in escrow for investors.
Draper announced plans to raise £176 million (€200 million) in long-term capital to enable further investment in European technology companies in late May.
The VC firm has had a busy year so far in 2018 participaing in funding rounds for AirCall, Realeyes, Evonetix, Ledger and Revolut.
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy, according to a senior administration official.
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday.
"We've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time," the official said.
The comments indicate that Flynn's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around their conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and their subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
Trump asked for Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday's briefing.
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week. But they cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision.
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration. They served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration. As ABC News notes, Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan. They also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates. He's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran, graduated from the Tehran American School. They speak Farsi.
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn's resignation.
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused them to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA. They pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with their biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom they were having an extramarital affair. Petraeus was given two years probation (which runs through April of this year) and had to pay a $100,000 fine, but they avoided jail time due to a plea deal. Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State. Before their fall from grace, Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump's campaign. As NPR's Tom Bowman noted, they served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne. Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority, the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
By The Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced their resignation Tuesday amid both criminal and legislative investigations that stemmed from an extramarital affair and questions about campaign financing.
Here is their full resignation speech:
“Today I am announcing that I will resign as governor of Missouri effective Friday, June 1, at 5 p.m.
“I came to office to fight for the people of Missouri, to fight for the forgotten. I love Missouri and I love our people. That love remains.
“I am thankful to all those who have worked beside me, who sweated beside me, those who gave their time, their energy and their precious resources, so that we could pursue our mission of taking Missouri in a new and better direction.
“We have accomplished a lot. I am proud of you and I am proud of all our work.
“The last few months have been incredibly difficult for me, for my family, for my team, for my friends and for many, many people.
“This ordeal has been designed to cause an incredible amount of strain on my family; millions of dollars of mounting legal bills, endless personal attacks designed to cause maximum damage to family and friends; legal harassment of colleagues, friends and campaign workers.
“It's clear that for the forces that oppose us there is no end in sight. I cannot allow those forces to continue to cause pain and difficulty to the people that I love.
“I know, and people of good faith know, that I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment. I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history.
“It has been a great honor and a privilege to serve as your governor. Traveling the state, I have talked to many of you who harbor extraordinary anger at this ordeal and for those who have pushed and promoted it. For those who would be moved to vengeance, let us allow history and God to bring justice.
“We must, as we have always done, work to improve the lives of those around us.
“This is not the end of our fight. I will always be a fighter for the people of Missouri.
Related Articles Embattled Missouri Gov. Greitens resigns “A great deal of work is left undone. The time has come, though, to tend to those who have been wounded, and to care for those who need us most. So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high
“We have a good and a proud story to tell our children. Let's love them and each other every day. May God continue to bless you and to bless the great state of Missouri.”
___
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City go in search of their first away win against Sheffield Wednesday in 12 years today.
Blues have not emerged victorious at Hillsborough since December 2006 when Stephen Clemence, Gary McSheffrey and Cameron Jerome were on target for the visitors.
The Owls have won four and drawn two at home to Blues since - including a 3-0 result in February last year.
Banking three points could take Blues as many as four points above the drop zone, while Sheffield Wednesday sit four places above Steve Cotterill's side in 16th position.
Team news
Cotterill's policy of consistent team selection for league matches in recent weeks could be rocked with David Davis and Jacques Maghoma doubtful.
Both players starred in the 3-1 victory over Sunderland on Tuesday evening before they were brought off.
Maghoma pulled their groin while Davis hurt their thigh.
"One is 50/50 and nip and tuck and the other one probably won't play, so that's where we are with them," said Cotterill.
Isaac Vassell is the only long-term absentee.
GK/defence
Having a settled back five is beginning to pay dividends.
Stockdale remains the first-choice goalkeeper while it's difficult to argue the case for any defensive swaps.
Midfield
Keeping changes to a minimum is key to extending the momentum that's been created over the last month or so.
Operating on the proviso that Davis is out - it's a straight swap with Gardner coming in. Lowe is another option for Blues but it's anther quick turnaround with the replay against Huddersfield on Tuesday.
Alongside Gardner it's Kieftenbeld and Ndoye, keeping the same shape.
Attack
Again, making only enforced changes, Maghoma's places it taken by Adams.
There's a temptation to bring in Jota but Adams will do a better job of replacing the energy lost by Davis and Maghoma's absences.
We saw how useful pacey breaks can be for Blues against Sunderland and Adams, with Tuesday's goalscorers Gallagher and Boga, is the best option to look to do that again.
There's also scope for Adams and Boga to swap sides during the game.
4-2-1-3: Stockdale, Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds, Kieftenbeld, Gardner, Ndoye, Adams, Gallagher, Boga.
Let us know who you think Cotterill should select by using the widget above.
Cotterill's preview
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"There has been a lot of money spent at Sheffield Wednesday over the last couple of years.
"There has been an expensive squad assembled. They had a very good season last year, obviously lost out toward the back end of the season.
"But you know what this Championship is like, it's a difficult league and themselves and Reading have obviously found it difficult this year on the back of a high season.
"But I've no doubt they'll come again because they're a very big club and from time to time it happens you go through these tough times.
"Carlos is not there anymore. He's someone I know from meeting them a few years ago in pre-season trip and obviously playing against him.
"They've obviously changed since then and changed their formation. But that's something we know enough about and by tomorrow we'll be prepared and ready to go again."
"It gives you a sense of confidence when you're looking at your team because now predominantly we've had a settled team for a while.
"That settled team allows you to coach again the following week on the back of what you've done last week.
"That's why there's been a development because there's been a settled team. When the team keeps chopping and changing because you can't find any levels of fitness or consistency or formation or whatever it is, you're always back to page one every Monday.
"I think having the players play to a more consistent level is better because the patterns of play are better, the results will be better, and the competition will be far better then, and you don't want to be out of the team.
"We're pleased with how that has evolved over the last few months really.
"We had a long chat yesterday, myself and a couple of the staff and we're really pleased where we are now from where we were when I first came in.
"Those first two months it was very turbulent and up and down. We would win and then we wouldn't and more often than not we wouldn't. So, we're happier at the moment."
BRIGHTON, Mich. (WSVN) — A man became a fixture in front of a Michigan Honda dealership, frequently asking for money from passers-by.
Management at the dealership offered them a full-time job to help them out, since they appeared to be down on their luck, Fox 2 reports. But surprisingly, the man rejected their offer.
The panhandler reportedly told the dealership's owners that they didn't need the job, which paid $10 an hour, because they made better money begging in front of their business.
That prompted the dealership to respond with a prominent sign attached to the hood of a car, which read, “Please do not give anything to this panhandler. We offered them a full-time job at $10.00/hr. They said: ‘I make more money than any of you' and they did not want the job. Please donate to a more worthy cause.”
As of Tuesday afternoon, the man was no longer at their usual place in front of the dealership, since they had reportedly been arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nevada Country residents have decided they want to keep the Edwards Crossing Bridge, but the question now is how to fix it up. The century-old bridge over the South Yuba River on North Bloomfield Road has been deemed structurally deficient, and last summer, the county's Public Works department held a series of community meetings to see what the public thinks should be done. Project Manager Jessica Hankins says there are now two choices. One is to rehabilitate the one-lane bridge and still use it for automobile traffic…
Listen to Jessica Hankins 1
Hankins says that bridge has brought in a lot of visitors to Nevada County, and not just to see it…
Listen to Jessica Hankins 2
One design option would be what could be called a rainbow bridge, similar to the one over the South Yuba River on Highway 49. More public comment will be sought this summer, and Hankins says their state feasibility study also has to be revamped. Restoration is scheduled for 2020.
–gf
Every woman deserves the world, because as strong women we are diverse. Some are presidents, some are Ministers, some rule empires, some are builders, some of us change lives. Whatever you are doing or about to do, the journey begins with a step. Here is a little Luxury from Larrit as you take that step. #Selflove #Spoilyourself #Larrittshoevillage #Youareworthit #larrittluxurybrand Ig @
This story is about Published 2h
Jerry Jones: Cowboys' timing of Dez Bryant release was 'as good as any'; door closed on reunion Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Jae S. Lee/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys Owner Jerry Jones, left, answers questions next to head coach Jason Garrett during a pre-draft news conference at the Star in Frisco, Texas, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
The Dallas Cowboys' timing of the release of Dez Bryant earlier this month was "as good a time as any from the end of the season," team owner Jerry Jones said Tuesday. At the team's pre-NFL draft news conference, Jones was asked about the release of the Pro Bowl receiver who played for the Cowboys for eight seasons. "I have no thoughts about the timing of when we decided to move on," Jones started. "For everyone concerned, that was as good a time as any from the end of the season." Jones added that they didn't want to diminish the team's feelings about Bryant as a person or their past contributions to the team.
Why did Jerry Jones ask reporters: 'What in the [expletive] are you all getting to?'
Also, Jones appeared to shut the door on the idea of Bryant returning to the Cowboys if the free-agent market for them has indeed cooled off. "I think a nice crisp time to call it a day is the way to do this. And I thought it was the case as far as when we discussed their future with the Cowboys, and I think that would pertain to your question about is the door still open," Jones told reporters. "I think we need to keep this real crisp and the lines real bright. Consequently, we need to move on knowing that we don't have Dez. And that sounds a little intangible, but it's a little more than that." However, Jones acknowledged that the hole Bryant's exit leaves will not be easy to fill, and the draft will likely not solve that for them. "I think we recognize that we've got a hole to fill with Dez," Jones said. "We actually in general know - and have known - that we probably won't have what we call a "pure X receiver" to take the place of Dez. "Even if we draft one that is an X receiver, he's not going to come in here as a rookie and give us that type of performance. You've got to assume that. We certainly know that we've got a chance to pick a player, but not necessarily in the first round or second round that will have an opportunity to be in the mix that gives that player a better chance to be playing next year, and us a chance to have somebody that's got some special skill, speed that can help us out."
Dez Bryant bids farewell to fans but calls their release by Cowboys 'personal': 'I'm tired of being a scapegoat'
The Cowboys' split with the fiery receiver, met with mixed reaction by fans, had been building for months. A disappointing 2017 season showed a continued lack of chemistry between Bryant and quarterback Dak Prescott, declining production and a spiraling relationship with the front office and some members of head coach Jason Garrett's staff. Executive vice president Stephen Jones made it known the Cowboys would address Bryant's $12.5 million salary and $16.5 million salary cap hit for the next two seasons, whether by pay cut or otherwise. But the Cowboys were ultimately ready to move on.
The move saves the Cowboys $8.5 million against the salary cap and again underlines how quickly things change in the National Football League. Bryant, who wore No. 88 like Cowboys' receiving legends Drew Pearson and Michael Irvin before him, had professed their desire to remain a Cowboy. They did lead the team in receiving last season and is the franchise leader in receiving touchdowns and ranks in the top five all-time in receptions and receiving yards.
The Cowboys will have to prove they can field an improved receiving corps without Bryant, whom they drafted in the first round in 2010.
"Mason bees are the most prolific pollinators," says Robert Girvin, a Tacoma doctor who's been keeping mason bees for four years. "They're child-friendly, don't sting and are easy to manage. It's something easy you can do to improve the local environment." Girvin shows how you can make your own house for mason bees.
Having served 2,600 patients in first year, Mission Hope transport cruises into second with vital service
Finding a ride to Mission Hope Cancer Center in Santa Maria for treatment used to be a process that included bartering — something else for Sal Diaz to dread.
Although the 26-year-old lived just miles from the facility, which works in collaboration with Marian Regional Medical Center, family members weren't always available to take or pick them up from four- to six-hour chemotherapy sessions for their blood disease.
Their story is indicative of why volunteers at the nonprofit Cruzin' for Life decided to start raising money to retrofit a transport van three years ago.
As one of Mission Hope's first patients to hitch a free ride last year, Diaz can attest to its value.
“It's pretty cool,” Diaz told Noozhawk. “You don't have to be calling people and begging them. My mom is thankful.”
With a year on the road, the van has transported more than 2,600 cancer patients and logged more than 34,000 miles serving the areas of Guadalupe, Lompoc, Los Alamos, New Cuyama, Nipomo, Orcutt and Santa Maria.
Cruzin for Life, a Santa Maria-based 501(c)3 organization created in 2003 to raise funds for local cancer patients of all ages, continues raising money to operate the retrofitted van via its annual Valentine's Day crab feed. The group is so-named for its annual three-day car show and cruise, which will be Sept. 21-23 this year.
Robert Bonilla, a member of the Cruzin' for Life board of directors, said the king crab feed has grown from serving 650 pounds to 1,000, and last year brought in $32,000.
The idea for the van came about after a relative of one of the organization's board members was diagnosed with cancer, Bonilla said.
“Nobody was there to help the people and assist them into their homes,” they said.
The group thought it would take several years to raise $69,000, but Santa Maria Energy president David Pratt provided a silent $36,000 donation. Cruzin' for Life folks said they felt wrong keeping quiet, so they put the oil company's name on the side of the van.
“They really didn't want that recognition,” Bonilla said of Santa Maria Energy. “Here in Santa Maria, it's a very good community center for helping.”
Mission Hope Cancer Center regional director Katherine Guthrie said the facility had no idea how many patients needed the service until Cruzin' for Life helped provide it.
“We are full all the time,” Guthrie said. “We had no way of transporting them. We don't want a patient to miss their treatment.”
Patients call the wheel-chair accessible van directly, or nurses and social workers recommend the service based on greatest need.
Van driver Chris Magana keeps blankets, ice packs, water bottles, snacks and more onboard so patients feel comfortable.
Guthrie is certain the van will be used for years to come, with Marian hospital diagnosing more than 700 new cancer cases each year and advancements in medical science allowing cancer patients better survival rates.
If the need and funding are there, Bonilla said, Cruzin' for Life would also consider getting a second van.
Click here for more information about Cruzin' for Life. Click here to make an online donation.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Solihull Moors are staying up!
Moors secured their National League survival for themselves with a brilliant victory away at promotion-chasing Tranmere Rovers.
The 2-1 win, sealed with goals from Jamey Osborne and substitute Alex Reid, completed a remarkable turnaround for boss Mark Yates and their squad.
Moors looked dead and buried at the turn of the year, but a 10-match unbeaten run, including five wins, has kept them up against the odds.
To achieve their objective against second-placed Tranmere at Prenton Park - the scene of a 9-0 bashing last season - made it extra sweet for Moors.
Osborne fired Solihull in front on 32 minutes after good work from Jermaine Hylton and Omari Sterling James set up Reid to make it two just after the hour mark.
Devarn Green pulled a goal back for Rovers soon after, but Moors showed the confidence and concentration they have demonstrated throughout their survival revival to celebrate a famous victory.
Boss Mark Yates said: "We had to try and change that mental block of coming in on a Saturday, getting beat and conceding on average two goals. I think we've brought in better players right from the start.
"It was going to be about everybody putting a shift in My players have had to play under intense pressure for 26 games because we've had to win games."
Solihull Moors: O'Leary, K Green, Carter, Williams, Storer, Hylton (Reid 57), Thomas (Carline 66), Sterling James (Lait 73), Daly, Kelleher, Osborne. Subs not used: Yussuf, Martinez.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
DENVER – The Warriors finally settled in this city around 4 a.m. on Saturday, leaving them little time to clear their minds and rest their bodies. The Warriors were hours removed from an underwhelming performance in Sacramento full of sloppy play and apathy.
With their players battling burnout, coach Steve Kerr did their best to lighten the mood. “Let it rip and go have some fun,” Kerr told their players before their game against the Denver Nuggets on Saturday night.
If only it were that easy. The Warriors unraveled during a 115-108 loss to the Denver Nuggets on Saturday, blowing a fourth-quarter lead for the first time in 37 games to punctuate a week that included a 30-point loss at Utah and a 25-turnover performance in Sacramento.
Saturday, the Warriors played as most opponents do on the second night of a back-to-back, let alone the second night of a back-to-back in Denver.
“The whole fourth quarter was rough,” said Warriors guard Stephen Curry, who had 24 points on 8-of-16 shooting. “50/50 balls go other way. It was tough to get in any kind of rhythm or flow.”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
The unraveling began with 4:29 to play and the game tied at 99. Curry lost control of the ball and it went out of bounds. Denver followed with a three-pointer from Will Barton. Later, when Kevin Durant contested Gary Harris' shot at the rim, a wide-open Nikola Jokic buried a three to put Denver ahead 107-104 with 2:10 to play.
“You can't get mad at that. That's how the ball bounces,” said Durant, who had 31 points on 12-of-26 shooting. “We played extremely hard in that possession to cover up some mistakes.”
The Warriors (41-12) considered that play to be the game's turning point of the game. Kerr also considered it a troubling sign.
“I talk all the time about making sure we don't build bad habits. We're starting to,” Kerr said. “We're not boxing out. We're letting guys go backdoor. So that's got to be our focus to get back on track. You can't win at the highest level with the game on the line and not lock in.”
Kerr's solution sounded pretty simple.
“We box out. We'll do it in practice and hopefully do it in a game,” Kerr said. “You point it out, practice it and you hope they do it.”
From there: Curry missed an open 3-pointer. Durant missed a free throw. Warriors forward Nick Young committed a turnover and also air-balled a 3-pointer. Young and Durant then drew technical fouls.
Young did not speak to reporters after the game, but Kerr spoke on their behalf.
“Nick got fouled. Nick's got a wide open 3; he's not going to shoot an airball,” Kerr said. “We were already called for fouls on 3-point shooters that were pretty questionable. Once that has been established you're going to call that, that has to continue. I was disappointed we didn't get the foul.”
That Young played in crunch time at all was a revelation. But Kerr said they wanted to have an extra shooter to space the floor, while reserves Andre Igudoala and Patrick McCaw have struggled with their shooting accuracy all season. Curry found the strategy to be “advantageous” despite the result.
“Coach made a decision,” Curry said. “I'm pretty sure you'll know what the lineup is down the stretch of the season.”
Even before that, the Warriors looked sluggish. They allowed Denver (28-25) to score 44 points in the paint. They missed 23 of 31 shots from the 3-point arc. They reduced their turnovers, though, from 25 to 14 in 24 hours.
Though Durant ended with 31 points on 12-of-16 shooting, they only had two points off a pair of free throws and zero shot attempts in the first quarter. Warriors center JaVale McGee picked up three of their five fouls within a one-minute span.
On one third-quarter play, Warriors forward Draymond Green burned a timeout after falling to the floor because Durant collided with him. Despite their pregame attempts to lighten the mood, Kerr grew frustrated. They picked up a technical after arguing a traveling call on Young. They pleaded with their players to play with more energy after a shot-clock violation in the third quarter.
Still, it appeared the Warriors could survive another poor game with Klay Thompson (16) and Zaza Pachulia (10) also scoring in double-figures. The Warriors also had some light moments.
Both Thompson and Pachulia threw down a dunk, providing more highlight reels in a season-long bet on which player could finish at the rim more often.
Warriors third-year forward Kevon Looney lost a tooth after getting popped in the mouth. After shooting a foul shot, Looney grabbed the tooth off the floor.
“Tonight was way better effort than [against Sacramento,” Kerr said. “The spirit was right. The energy was right. The execution was not, but we can work on that.”
Off the coast of Finland, immured in the Baltic Sea, there is a private island where men are banned and only a select few women, with suitably large bank accounts, are allowed to set foot. It is called SuperShe Island and it is the international headquarters of the SuperShe society.
When I first heard about this women-only island, I thought - rather hopefully - that it might be a SuperSapphic version of Love Island. Desert Island Dykes, perhaps? No such luck. There is nothing filthy about SuperShe Island; rather, it is all about the lucre. SuperShe, you see, is basically an upmarket networking group for well-off women. If you have €4,000 (GBP3,500) to spare and you are willing to undergo a rigorous interview, it offers you the chance to spend the week on a “wellness” retreat miles from men, mingling with other affluent, influential women.
Before any men start getting indignant, I should make it clear that SuperShe Island is not the product of a man-hating mind; far from it. As Kristina Roth, the founder of SuperShe, explains on the website: “Women need to spend time with other women. Being on vacation with men can cause women to become sidetracked, whether it's to put on a swipe of lipstick or grab for a cover-up.”
It was quite the education reading this; I had no idea straight women were so easily distracted by putting on lipstick for men. It made me worry about heterosexual people.
SuperShe Island also offers lots of yoga (it is basically illegal not to do yoga at upmarket retreats), organic food and various life-improving exercises, including cognitive exercises to expel negative thoughts. I would love to know exactly how these cognitive exercises work, because the more I read about SuperShe Island (it has had a ton of press lately - there is something about banning men that seems to get people interested), the more my brain was besieged by negative thoughts. What fresh faux-feminist hell is this, I wondered. Please tell me this is not yet another example of a newly minted women-only space painting itself as empowering when it is clearly elitist?
I say “yet another example”, because there has been a boom in bouji spaces exclusive to women. There is the Wing, for example, a fashionable women-only co-working space and social club with locations across the US and a space in London on the way. Membership costs from€2,041 (GBP1,800) a year and there is a waiting list. Then there is the AllBright, an exclusive women-only members' club in London that opened earlier this year and costs at least €1,105 (GBP975) to join. There is Women Fest, too, the UK's first all-female festival, which is scheduled to take place in August. (It costs €255 (GBP225) to attend, but some of the profits will go to a tree charity, so I guess that is OK.) I could go and on, but you get the picture: the old boys' club is being challenged.
I am not against women-only spaces. We still live in a white man's world. It is important for minorities and women to have places that belong to them, where they feel safe and valued and can be themselves. But I find the trend for high-priced, women-only networking spaces nauseating, particularly as these often use feminism as a marketing device, talking about sisterhood while seeming only to care about bettering a few already wealthy women. This is not what feminism is. It seems to me that these spaces only set back gender equality. So, as far as I am concerned, SuperShe Island can get in the sea.
Guardian News and Media 2018
