Here's how President Donald Trump's performance on Wall Street stacks up against other presidents, as they approach their first 100 days in office. See full story.
Stocks rise as earnings, geopolitics come into view
U.S. stocks rose on Monday, rebounding after a two-week decline for major averages, though investors continued to monitor corporate earnings and the latest developments with geopolitical tensions. See full story.
How the Fed will read the soft CPI and retail sales reports
Disappointments on both inflation and retail sales for March might give reason for Federal Reserve officials to think twice about their plan to ratchet up rates as many as three more times this year. See full story.
Is San Francisco losing its technology talent to other cities?
More tech workers in Silicon Valley are searching online for jobs in other cities. See full story.
5 tax hacks before the April 18 deadline
Preparing for Tax Day is the perfect time to organize your finances. See full story.
If you're looking for a job, consider these industries. See full story.
The Pittsburgh Panthers softball team suffered a tough loss at the hands of the Syracuse Orange, 7-3.That victory completed a series sweep for the Orange. The Panthers fall to 21-18 (4-14 ACC) on the season while the Orange move to 21-15 (6-10 ACC) and jump up one spot in the standings.
The starting pitching matchup included Syracuse's ace, Alexa Romero. They have been Syracuse's best weapon all season and their strong performance continued in this game as they pitched the complete game.
Starting for Pittsburgh was Brittany Knight, the Panthers' #2 pitcher, who stood to the task of facing Syracuse's ace. They went five and a third innings with 11 hits allowed, 5 runs (4ER), 1 walk, and 2 strikeouts. Them replacement in the top of the sixth, Sarah Dawson, ceded a two run double for runs 4 and 5 but finished after one and two thirds innings with 2 runs (0ER), 3 hits allowed, 1 walk, and 1 strikeout.
Syracuse got on the board first, scoring a run in the first when Faith Cain doubled to the wall bringing in a run. Cain would get Syracuse on the board again in the top of the third with a base hit and another RBI. Olivia Martinez drove a solo home run into left field in the fourth, making the score 3-0.
Romero had been holding a no hitter into the bottom of that fourth frame, until Giorgiana Zeremenko hit a home run after Kaitlin Manuel reached on an error. This brought Pittsburgh within reach at 3-2.
In the top of the fifth, Syracuse loaded the bases with no outs but Knight escaped the precarious situation without a run. But in the top of the sixth, Faith Cain would once again deliver a blow to Pittsburgh, driving in two runs with another double and bringing the score to 5-2. Cain would finish with 4 RBIs on the day, this game's best hitter.
Zeremenko challenged Cain as they hit another home run in the bottom of that sixth frame and moving the game to 5-3.
In the top of the seventh, Sammy Fernandez and Alicia Hansen both netted RBI singles for Syracuse as they built their lead to 7-3.
Romero finished the entire game and recorded the last out by striking out Erin Hershman. Them final stat line was as followed: 3 runs (2ER), 3 hits, 1 walk, and 6 strikeouts.
Both teams play next on Tuesday. Next for Pittsburgh is a matchup with The Ohio State University. Syracuse will face Niagra in a doubleheader.
6 Golden Globe nominees with ties to suburbs, Chicago
hello
DeKalb native Richard Jenkins was nominated for a Golden Globe for best supporting actor in a motion picture for their role in "The Shape of Water." Courtesy of Fox Searchlight Pictures
Christopher Nolan, left, was nominated for a Golden Globe for best director for "Dunkirk," which starred Kenneth Branagh. Courtesy of Warner Bros. Pictures
Naperville's Bob Odenkirk scored their third Golden Globe nomination Monday for their title role in TV's "Better Call Saul." But they aren't the only name announced with ties to the suburbs. Here's a look at their nod and others:
Movies
• Christopher Nolan: Nominated for best director and best motion picture for the World War II drama "Dunkirk," the British-born Nolan split their childhood between England and Evanston and their family lived for a time in Barrington.
• Richard Jenkins: The DeKalb native was nominated for best supporting actor in a motion picture for "The Shape of Water."
Laurie Metcalf was nominated for a Golden Globe for best supporting actor in a motion picture for their role in "Lady Bird," which also starred Tracy Letts. - Courtesy of A24 Films
• Laurie Metcalf: The Carbondale native and original Steppenwolf Theatre member earned the best supporting actor in a motion picture nod for "Lady Bird."
TV
Former Naperville resident Bob Odenkirk received their third Golden Globe nomination for their role in "Better Call Saul." - Courtesy of NBC
• Bob Odenkirk: The former Naperville resident was nominated once again for best actor in a TV drama series for AMC's "Better Call Saul."
Rachel Brosnahan, who grew up in Highland Park, scored a Golden Globe nomination for their title role in Amazon's TV show "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel." - Courtesy of Amazon
• Rachel Brosnahan: The Highland Park High School grad was nominated for best actor in a TV series, musical or comedy for Amazon's "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel."
Chicago theater veteran Ann Dowd was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for best supporting actor in a limited series or motion picture made for TV. They star as Aunt Lydia in Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale." - Courtesy of Hulu
• Ann Dowd: The best supporting actor nominee for Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," Dowd graduated from the Theatre School at DePaul University and got their start in Chicago theater.
Sean Payton to the Jacksonville Jaguars is an interesting trade scenario but it's far from a guarantee or probable scenario for the New Orleans Saints head man.
Doug Marrone, current interim head coach of the Jacksonville Jaguars, has some serious connections to the New Orleans Saints. They helped build the team into a contender (and offensive juggernaut) before they left to coach Syracuse and then the Buffalo Bills.
Returning to the Saints would be a logical step Marrone. They have the history, the success, and the connections to help right a franchise that has finished 7-9 each of the last three seasons.
This has become a particularly prominent storyline in light of the continued rumors that Sean Payton, current Saints head coach, may be on the way out. This rumor pops up on an annual basis but hasn't been able to carry weight to this point. Payton is the man who saved New Orleans and brought the Lombardi Trophy to the city when it was in crisis.
Still, the idea that the Saints may be willing to trade away Payton after their third straight lackluster season seems to have legs this time around. A rumor to be sure, it's tempting to think about because of Payton's history as a successful head coach, the need for an offensive-minded head man in Jacksonville, and the possibility of trading the coveted Marrone to make the deal happen.
At the core, though, this is just conjecture. Jason La Canfora cites undefined sources in their suggestion that the Saints are seriously considering Marrone as the right replacement. This isn't the strongest endorsement that this is actually something that will move forward. Things are up in the air for many teams right now so it's worth wondering about almost any coach's fate right now, but this suggestion seems to ignore the benefits of a completely open head coaching search for the Jaguars.
More from Black and Teal
Marrone joins numerous other possible head coaches for the Jaguars in an expansive search. Their 1-1 record filling in for Gus Bradley isn't perfect but they should be considered strongly because of their relationship with the Jags organization and the way the team responded to their leadership shift when they took over.
Aside from Marrone, the Jags have cast a wide net. Jags legend Tom Coughlin is in consideration, Hugh Freeze may get consideration from the collegiate ranks, and other names like Mike Smith and Kyle Shanahan are still bandied about with some regularity.
Rumors abound at this point. There are plenty of possibilities and directions the Jags could go in. Frankly, many of them are far more straightforward hires than negotiating a trade for a coach and locking in on that one solution now rather than checking all of the options out. The Jags job is appealing and the team holds the cards so long as they are in control rather than having to negotiate with another team that doesn't have the Jags' best interests at heart.
This article originally appeared on
Jontay Porter will play a second season at Missouri. That news became official moments ago when Porter announced they were withdrawing their name from the 2018 NBA Draft and would return to school at Mizzou.
So just how important is Porter's return to the Tigers' roster?
Last week, Rivals.com national analyst Eric Bossi wrote that Porter's return would be as impactful as any in the country.
Bossi wrote: "With Porter back the Tigers would stand to have one of the better frontlines in the SEC. Porter could team with fellow sophomore - and another legitimate NBA prospect -Jeremiah Tilmon to make a formidable twin tower set that could score inside and out. Add in senior forward Kevin Puryear and that frontcourt would be a strength for the Tigers and could allow them to build on the momentum they gained last season."
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
The MORE Access Maks, Val & Peta Live On Tour: CONFIDENTIAL Sweepstakes begins Thursday, May 10, 2018 at approximately 6:30 p.m. Pacific Time (“P.T.”) and ends Thursday, May 10, 2018 at approximately 7:00 p.m. P.T. Station's clock will be the official clock for the sweepstakes.
Sponsors: KVVU/KVVU Broadcasting Corporation, 25 TV 5 Drive, Henderson, NV 89014; AEG Presents, 3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy, Suite 100N, Las Vegas, NV 89169.
ENTRY: Watch MORE Access on KVVU on Thursday, May 10, 2018 from approximately 6:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. P.T. A video and audio announcement will prompt viewers to call 1-888-369-5946. The fifth (5th) caller answered by KVVU is the winner, once eligibility is confirmed. In the event that the fifth (5th) caller is determined to be ineligible, subsequent calls will be taken in order until an eligible winner is determined.
Sponsors reserve the right to cancel or delay sweepstakes in the event of telephone or other technical or mechanical failure or problems of any kind or because of non-authorized human intervention. Sponsors are not responsible for telephone or other technical or mechanical failure or problems of any kind. Sponsors are not responsible for high volume of phone calls that could result in continuous busy signal or phone company message that all circuits are busy. All phone lines are cleared at time of video/audio cue to call.
ELIGIBILITY: Legal residents of Nevada in the Las Vegas Nielsen DMA who are 21 years of age or older at time of entry are eligible to enter, except employees of Sponsors, and any other organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, prize support, advertisement or promotion of the Sweepstakes and/or their respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries and members of their immediate families or household members. “Immediate family members” shall mean parents, step-parents, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, or spouses. “Household members” shall mean people who share the same residence at least three months a year. Winners of a prize from KVVU within the past thirty (30) days from the beginning date of these sweepstakes are not eligible.
WINNER SELECTION AND PRIZING: The one (1) winner determined as described above on Thursday, May 10, 2018 will receive:
Four (4) tickets to Maks, Val & Peta On Tour: CONFIDENTIAL at Reynolds Hall at The Smith Center (361 Symphony Park Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89106) on Wednesday, May 16, 2018 at 7:30 p.m. P.T. Tickets valid for this show only and may not be exchanged. Approximate retail value of prize: $300.00. One prize per household.
Winners are responsible for completing prize paperwork and picking up prize at KVVU's address (25 TV 5 Drive Henderson, NV 89014) during business hours by 4:30 p.m. P.T. on Monday, May 14, 2018. Prize(s) may not be assigned, transferred, changed or redeemed for cash, except at Sponsors' sole discretion. Sponsors reserve the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if prize cannot be awarded as described. Prize is awarded “as is” with no warranty or guarantee express or implied by Sponsors.
Sponsor disclaims all and any liability for the actual provision, quality or nature of any third-party product or services accepted by the winner(s).
The awarding of any prize is contingent upon full compliance with these Official Rules. Entrants agree to be bound by Official Rules and agree that if any winner fails to provide proof of identity, refuses to provide required documentation, is found to have violated the Official Rules or otherwise does not meet eligibility criteria, prize will be forfeited and donated to Opportunity Village. Entrants understand that Sponsors are not liable for injuries, losses or damages of any kind arising from participation in this promotion and acceptance, possession and use of prize. Sponsors are not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of the offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of the prize. Decisions of Sponsors are final and binding in all respects.
ODDS of winning depend on the number and timing of eligible calls received.
GENERAL: Except where prohibited by law: (i) entry constitutes permission for Sponsors to use winner's entry, name, hometown, likeness, photograph, voice and statements regarding these sweepstakes in all media now known or hereafter discovered, for any purpose, including without limitation, in connection with, and to promote, market or advertise, the sweepstakes, in whole or in part, without review, approval, credit or attribution, notification or payment from or to entrant or any person or entity, worldwide, in perpetuity, or on a winner's list, if applicable; (ii) potential winner will be required to complete and return an Affidavit of Eligibility and Release of Liability/Publicity, unless prohibited by law, by 4:30 p.m. P.T. on Monday, May 14, 2018. If a potential winner fails to claim prize, the potential winner is disqualified and the prize will be donated to Opportunity Village.
By participating and winning a prize, winners releases Sponsors, their parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all liability with respect to the prize won and participation in the sweepstakes. Subject to all U.S. federal, NV state and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited. Applicable taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner(s). Winners will receive an IRS 1099-MISC tax form. For the winners' list, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope after Thursday, May 17, 2018 to Winners' List/ MORE Access Maks, Val & Peta Live On Tour: CONFIDENTIAL Sweepstakes at the KVVU address above.
Bulldogs fall to Emmanuel Christian
SPRINGFIELD — Emmanuel Christian claimed a 2,364 – 1,964 win in a Metro Buckeye Conference boys varsity bowling matchup Feb. 1. Yellow Springs is now 0-6, 0-5 MBC this season. The Bulldogs will take on MBC foe Xenia Legacy Christian next at 4 p.m. Monday, Feb. 5 at PlaMor Lanes, 4901 Linden Ave. in Dayton.
Skyhawks trip Trotwood-Madison
FAIRBORN — James Lewis III rolled a 237-220 — 457 series as Fairborn's boys high school varsity bowling team claimed a 2,351 to 1,553 win on Feb. 1 over Trotwood-Madison. J.T. Cherpeski had a high game of 241, and Logan Cherpeski turned in a 363 series in the win. Fairborn is atop the Greater Western Ohio Conference's American South division with an 8-4 overall record, 8-3 in GWOC divisional play. The Skyhawks will host West Carrollton for their next match at 4 p.m. Monday, Feb. 5 at Bowl 10 Lanes.
Eagles defeat Legacy Christian
MIDDLETOWN — Despite Ethan Croucher's 291 two-game series and Jackson Ewing's 290 series, the Legacy Christian Academy Knights boys bowling team (4-6, 1-5 MBC) lost a Metro Buckeye Conference match to league leading host Middletown Christian, 2,424 to 1,758, Feb. 1 at Eastern Lanes in Middletown. MCS was led by Josh Swartz who rolled a match-best 391 series.
Legacy Christian's junior varsity bowlers will compete in the Lancer Classic at 8 a.m. at Northwest Lanes in Fairfield. The varsity bowlers' next match is at 4 p.m. Monday, Feb. 5 at PlaMor Lanes, 4901 Linden Ave. in Dayton.
Patriots defeat Tigers
GREENFIELD — A trio of Carroll Patriots scored in double figures in Thursday's 72-39 boys high school basketball win over host McClain, Feb. 1. Matt Cogan led Carroll with 18 points, Braden Seymour knocked down 14 points and Eli Ramsey scored 12 in the win. Carroll is now 11-6 overall this season. They're scheduled to play at Kenton Ridge for a 7:30 p.m. game on Saturday, Feb. 3 for their next game.
Beavercreek sinks Springfield
BEAVERCREEK — The Beavercreek high school boys varsity bowling team claimed a 2,403 to 2,125 win over Springfield in a Greater Western Ohio Conference, National East divisional match on Feb. 1. Michael Donahue rolled games of 225 and 255 for a 480 series to lead the Beavers, and teammate Matthew Klingbeil rolled a 194-216 — 410 series in the win. Beavercreek leads the GWOC National East with a 13-1 overall mark, and 9-1 in the division. They will host Wayne for their next match at 4 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 6 at Beaver-Vu Lanes.
Wildcats rally past Beavercreek
BEAVERCREEK — Springfield outscored Beavercreek 398-329 in the Baker Game portion of Thursday's Feb. 1 girls high school bowling matchup to claim a 2,070 to 2,066 team win. Beavercreek's Josselyn Terpenning rolled the best two-game series with a 182-202 — 384, and Cameron Reich was next with a 185-198 — 383 series in the loss. The Beavers (8-4, 6-4 GWOC National East) will host Wayne at 4 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 6 at Beaver-Vu Lanes.
Comeback falls short
CLEVELAND — The Wright State men's basketball team fell at Cleveland State Feb. 1, 77-74.
Wright State was down at half 39-30 and by as much as 15 with just under 15 minutes remaining before the Raiders made a comeback to take the lead by four with just over six minutes left. Wright State's come back was due to a 27-8 run, but the Vikings made free throws down the stretch to seal the win.
WSU is now 17-7, 9-2 while the Vikings go to 6-18, 3-8.
The Raiders stay in Northeast Ohio with a 7 p.m.game Saturday, Feb. 3 at Youngstown State. Fans can follow the game on ESPN3.
WSU falls 59-53 to Panthers
MILWAUKEE, Wis. — The Wright State women's basketball team fell Feb. 1 at Milwaukee 59-53 after the Panthers started the game 10-0.
The Raiders came back and kept the game close, taking the lead in the fourth quarter. Senior Chelsea Welch led the Raiders with 17 points as Mackenzie Taylor added 13 points.
Wright State is now 16-7, 7-4 while the Panthers go to 17-6, 8-3.
The Raiders stay in Wisconsin with a game at No. 20 Green Bay at 2 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 3. Fans can follow the game on ESPN3.
Cedarville edged out
OWENSBORO, Ky. — Kentucky Wesleyan withstood several Cedarville comebacks for an 81-76 Great Midwest Athletic Conference victory Feb. 1 at the Owensboro Sportscenter.
The Yellow Jackets, 10-11 overall and 5-9 G-MAC, erased a 16-point deficit to take a 53-52 lead five minutes into the second half. The Panthers answered with a basket to regain the lead for good, but it was close the rest of the way. Their largest advantage down the stretch was seven points.
The hosts blew out to a 40-24 lead with 3:30 remaining in the first half. However, the Jackets finished with a flurry of six three-pointers to sneak back within 50-42 at the intermission to make it a game.
They play Trevecca at 5:15 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 3.
Yellow Jackets tripped up
OWENSBORO, Ky. — Kentucky Wesleyan rallied to end league-leading Cedarville University's nine-game winning streak, 88-76, in a Great Midwest Athletic Conference women's basketball contest played Feb. 1 at the Owensboro Sportscenter.
The Yellow Jackets drop to 17-4 overall and 12-3 G-MAC. Cedarville appeared to be in good shape with an 38-27 lead with less than two minutes remaining in the second quarter. However, the host Panthers rattled off 11 unanswered points to get the score knotted by the intermission. Cedarville was able to open up a six-point margin in the third quarter, but KWC recovered again. Leading 68-66 midway through the fourth period, the home team scored 12 straight points to put the game away.
The Jackets face Trevecca next at 3 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 3.
XHS sports parents meeting Feb. 15
XENIA — The next OHSAA parents meeting is 6 p.m. Thursday, Feb 15 in Xenia High School Auditiorium for spring athletes grades 7-12 for Xenia High School and Warner Middle School.
Spring 5K in April
XENIA — Registration is open for Greene County Public Health's ninth annual “Spring Has Sprung” Healthy Families 5K Run/Walk, Saturday, April 14 at the Xenia YMCA, 135 E. Church St.
Registration and check-in will begin at 7:30 a.m. at the Xenia YMCA with a Zumba warm-up at 8:30 a.m. and the pet- and stroller-friendly run/walk beginning at 9 a.m. The course features a flat terrain in and around the Xenia area beginning and ending at the Xenia YMCA. There will also be a free “Wee OneRun” at 8:45 a.m. for ages 5 and younger.
The cost is $15 per person by Friday, April 6, which includes an event T-shirt (guaranteed). After April 6, including the day of the race, the cost is $20 per person (T-shirt included while supplies last). Teams of 10 or more are eligible to receive a discount. Interested groups should call Jillian Drew at 937-374-5683 or email jdrew@gcph.info for more information.
Interested persons can register online now for the 5K at www.speedy-feet.com.
Hall of fame nominations
XENIA — The Xenia Athletic Hall of Fame committee is now taking nominations for the 2018 Athletic Hall of Fame induction class.
Nomination forms can be found on the Xenia Community Schools website. Click on the Athletics link, then you'll find the Athletic Hall of Fame link there. Any individual, team, coach and/or community contributor associated with Xenia Central, Xenia High, Xenia East and/or Spring Valley can be nominated. The deadline for nominations is April 10. Contact Gregg Cross 937-372-5417 with any questions.
Reds Museum offer
CINCINNATI — The Reds Hall of Fame & Museum is offering $5 discounted admission for the month of February. The discount applies to all fans. Child ages four and younger are free.
Additionally, fans can get $5 off the regular price of ballpark tours during the month of February. The 2-hour Major League Clubhouse Tour includes the Reds clubhouse, radio and TV booths, dugouts and more. Two tours are available each Saturday through March.
The Reds Hall of Fame & Museum is located next to Great American Ball Park and is open Tuesday-Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Go to www.redsmuseum.org or call 513-765-7923.
Horizon tourney tickets on sale
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. — Tickets for the 2018 Little Caesars Horizon League Men's and Women's Basketball Championship — to be played at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit — are on sale at HorizonLeague.com, the Little Caesars Arena Box Office, or the Little Caesars Arena Ticket Sales and Service Office 313-471-7575. Fans can purchase tickets now by calling or visiting their favorite school's box office.
Ticket prices for Motor City Madness, which will take place March 2-6, begin at $15 per day and will feature all 20 Horizon League teams competing in 18 games over a five-day span. The tournament will culminate with a pair of championship games on Tuesday, March 6 with automatic berths to the NCAA Basketball Tournament on the line. Tickets purchased for each day are valid for all games on that day.
Send local sports news and team scores to XDGsports@xeniagazette.com.
Send local sports news and team scores to XDGsports@xeniagazette.com.
Bryan Bedder/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Valerie Jarrett, a onetime adviser to former President Barack Obama, wants to turn a racist tweet aimed at them by Roseanne Barr into “a teaching moment,” they said.
Just hours after ABC canceled Barr's show “Roseanne” over what the TV network's entertainment division president Channing Dungey called an “abhorrent, repugnant” post by the actor and comedian, Jarrett said Tuesday during an MSNBC town hall on “Everyday Racism in America, “I'm fine.”
“First of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment,” they said.
Barr, 65, took to Twitter early Tuesday morning, writing that Jarrett would be the result if the “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.” Barr later removed the tweet and issued an apology for their “stupid tweet.”
Within 12 hours, however, the Disney Co.'s ABC canceled Barr's hit show that premiered March 27 and was watched by a stunning 27 million viewers.
Jarrett, 61, said Bob Iger, chief executive of ABC's parent company, Disney, called them before the announcement was made to apologize.
“He said they had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and they wanted me to know before they made it public that they were canceling [Barr's] show and so I appreciate that they did that so swiftly,” Jarrett said.
Jarrett, who was born in Iran to American parents and raised in the United States, had been the target of false allegations that they practiced Islam during their tenure in the Obama administration.
“I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who came to their defense,” Jarrett said at the town hall.
Without mentioning Barr's friendship to President Donald Trump, Jarrett implied that controversial comments from the sitting president, which have included name-calling and belittling critics on Twitter, have emboldened some of their supporters to follow their lead.
“The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country,” they said. “But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.”
Jarrett noted that the brouhaha over Barr's tweet came on the same day that 175,000 Starbucks employees were undergoing implicit-bias training that stemmed from an incident in April in which two African-American men were arrested at a Philadelphia Starbucks for occupying a table without making a purchase. Trespassing charges against the men were later dropped and the top leaders of Starbucks and the Philadelphia police commissioner apologized to them.
Jarrett urged Americans to talk about “those ordinary examples of racism that happen every single day.”
While social media can be a positive tool, they said, “it can also dehumanize because it's distant.”
“You don't have to look at the faces you're attacking,” they added.
ABC News is a division of the Disney Co.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
BOULDER, CO--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - NobelClad today announced it has received a key industry certification for its explosion-welded metal plates for use in longitudinally welded clad pipe. The designation was awarded last month by DNV GL, a recognized international certification body and classification society that helps establish rules and standards across various industries. The certification qualifies NobelClad's explosion-welded clad plates under all DNV-OS-F101 2013 requirements. The certification will be incorporated within the upcoming revision of the Offshore Standard for Submarine Pipeline Systems.
The qualification of NobelClad's plates enables engineers of offshore pipelines to incorporate technology and materials superior to roll-bond plates. Markus Bockelmann, NobelClad's business development manager - pipe market, commented, "Certification to the DNV GL standard is vital to meeting industry and customer expectations, and to bringing the latest creative solutions to the market. With the certification of compliance, engineers are no longer tied to the limits set by other cladding technologies for clad pipe."
"Engineers who would have otherwise settled for roll bond no longer have to compromise on bond strength, mechanical properties, or the hydrogen induced cracking (HIC) resistance of the backing steel," Bockelmann added. "The high bond strength of explosion clad allows engineers to specify its use in the production of tees and manifolds, as well as tight bends, without concern of clad disbonding. The cold-welding process employed by NobelClad maintains the TMCP (thermo-mechanical controlled process) microstructure of the backing plate that can be optimized for fracture arrest or any other desired property. By retaining the superior properties of the steel backing layer, no compromise is required to obtain low temperature drop weight tear testing (DWTT) values, which is unavailable from roll-bonded clad. Plates for clad pipe can be made up to 4.6m wide and 13m long, with a thickness from 12.5mm to well over 75mm."
NobelClad's plates are used to manufacture a broad spectrum of industrial processing equipment, including longitudinally clad-line pipe for the oil and gas production and processing industry. Clad pipe is used for flow lines, risers, jumpers, slug catchers and other applications between wells and production facilities. Hydrocarbons often contain highly corrosive constituents that necessitate alloy pipes for transfer and processing applications. Clad metal offers an economical solution to solid alloy. With the DNV GL certification, customers are assured NobelClad's plates will meet the highly demanding requirements for offshore pipeline systems.
NobelClad's certification to the DNV GL offshore standard, as well as its ability to meet all requirements of API 5LD, solidifies its position as the global leader in providing explosion-welded clad plate to the world's energy, industrial and infrastructure markets.
Bockelmann added, "By leveraging our global operations, NobelClad is the worldwide leader in providing cost-effective clad metals that meet the specifications and production challenges of our customers. Our focus is to continually work with clad pipe manufacturers, engineering firms and end users to inform and develop complex solutions for future projects."
The Former Country Representative, International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), Dr. Atsuko Toda, yesterday said agriculture was on the right track to becoming the bedrock of the economy in Nigeria. Toda, who was recently appointed the Director of Agricultural, Finance, and Rural Development, African Development Bank (AfDB), stated this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria in Abuja. According to her, Nigeria, being the biggest country in Africa, gets a lot of media attention all over the world but its complexity, richness and culture will only be appreciated when one visits the country “My four years in Nigeria has
The post Nigeria's agriculture on right track – Expert appeared first on Daily Times Nigerian Newspaper.
Former TV star Rolf Harris will face a retrial in London over three alleged sexual assaults as well as one new charge of indecent assault.
Harris has pleaded not guilty to the new charge.
Last week, a jury cleared the 86-year-old Australian entertainer of three sexual assault charges but failed to return a verdict on four counts.
They will not face a retrial on one of the four counts where the jury could not reach a verdict.
After deliberating for just under a week, the jury found Harris not guilty of indecently assaulting a young autograph hunter who, in the 1970s, was visiting a Portsmouth radio station with their mother.
Harris was also cleared of groping a blind, disabled woman at Moorfields Eye Hospital in London in 1977, and sexually assaulting a woman in their 40s after filming a TV show in 2004.
The retrial will take place on May 15.
ST. LOUIS — Playing in one of the NHL's outdoor games is becoming an almost annual event for the Chicago Blackhawks, but for all but two members of the St. Louis Blues, Monday's game will be a new experience.
The Winter Classic matchup at Busch Stadium will be the fifth outdoor game for the Blackhawks since 2009. Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane, Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook each played in the previous four, and Corey Crawford started the last three in goal.
The only players who will be on the ice for the Blues to have played in an outdoor game are defenseman Carl Gunnarsson, who was with the Toronto Maple Leafs for the game against the Detroit Red Wings at the University of Michigan stadium on Jan. 1, 2014, and defenseman Jay Bouwmeester, who was with Calgary for an outdoor game in 2011.
A third Blues defenseman, Robert Bortuzzo, played for the Pittsburgh Penguins in an outdoor game, but they are on injured reserve and won't play on Monday.
Toews thinks there is at least one area where the extra experience playing outdoors could give the Blackhawks an advantage.
“Sometimes in games, it's not like you get caught looking around but you are still trying to get your bearings,” they said after Sunday's practice. “Everything is a little bit different. In hockey you use your peripheral vision a lot too. You don't quite see your teammates, everything's white and it's harder to see in the distance where guys are. That's the kind of thing you have to get used to a little bit.”
It also will be the first outdoor game — at least in the NHL — for Blues coach Ken Hitchcock, who has logged 1,441 regular-season games behind the bench since 1995.
Hitchcock said Sunday they coached an outdoor game before — against a team of prison inmates years ago when they were coaching in Prince Albert, Canada.
“I had this bright idea that we were going to give back to the community so I organized a game against the inmates,” they said. “They were playing for real and we were trying to play for fun. They won.
“It was a lot scarier than the one is going to be tomorrow. Really scary as a matter of fact. We were afraid to score a goal to be honest with you. … It wasn't one of my brightest ideas.”
Hitchcock said being on the ice outdoors on Sunday also was emotional, reminding them of when they were growing up in Edmonton.
“My dad was a caretaker for two outdoor rinks and it just brings you back to the old days,” they said. “I told the guys I could be a laborer and they gave me two pieces of wood to carry onto a wheelbarrow, so I did my day's work. It was really neat when I was out there with the workers.”
One of the challenges both teams might have to deal with is the weather. Rain is in the forecast, and there is a possibility the game could be delayed or even postponed until Tuesday. An NHL announcement on the game time is scheduled for 8 a.m. Monday.
“That's the fun part about these types of games, all the different kinds of challenges and things that you run into,” Keith said. “I like that sort of thing, it's different, it changes it up.”
The Blackhawks will be without Marcus Kruger, who was placed on injured reserve on Sunday because of an upper-body injury suffered on Friday night. Jaden Schwartz of the Blues missed practice on Sunday because of illness, but Hitchcock said they are hoping Schwartz will be well enough to play on Monday.
A portion of a Las Vegas Metro police vehicle is shown in an undated image. (File/FOX5)
Las Vegas Metro police said a person's body was found while they responded to reports of gunshots heard in the northwest Las Vegas Valley on Monday.
A call of the incident came in just before noon in the 4900 block of Signal Drive, near Lone Mountain Road and Decatur Boulevard.
Police said residents were evacuated from the neighborhood after possible shots were fired while the constable's office served an eviction notice.
SWAT officers were called to the neighborhood, but they later left the area just after 4 p.m.
Police said the body was found when officers enter a residence. Investigators later confirmed the death was self-inflicted.
The constable was not injured, police said.
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Video
The first lady throws their first state dinner under the Trump administration by hosting the French president and their wife.
The BBC's Katty Kay explains what it means to Melania Trump.
STRUTHERS, Ohio (WYTV) – Aqua Ohio marked the end of its 2017 construction season announcing the completion of $10.3 million in improvements in its water distribution system, water treatment plant and a new operations center that will open later this month. It's all in an effort to strengthen the region's infrastructure, now and for the future.
“After more than a hundred years serving Mahoning Valley residents with safe, reliable water, we're more committed than ever to the area,” said Aqua Ohio President Ed Kolodziej. “We have unmatched expertise in water and wastewater utilities, which continue [to] serve residents and communities throughout the valley.”
Aqua Ohio's area manager, Jennifer Johnson, said water systems need continual maintenance to assure reliable service.
“We'll be making at least $13 million of additional improvements just in our Struthers system in 2018, as part of a total of $30 million to be invested throughout northeast Ohio next year,” they said.
This spring, Aqua broke ground on a new operations center in the CASTLO industrial park in downtown Struthers. Operations personnel will be moved later this month to the 14,300 square-foot building.
The office will serve customers in Struthers, Poland, Lowellville and New Middletown and the townships of Beaver, Boardman, Canfield, Coitsville, Poland and Springfield.
Currently, Aqua provides water to approximately 300,000 people in northeast Ohio and 500,000 state-wide.
Ronnie Booth, Michael Booth and Paul Lancaster make up the award-winning trio. Their God-given talent has garnered them numerous awards, including album of the year, song of the year, trio of the year, favorite artist of the year and many others. The Booth Brothers have a unique ability to communicate through song and humor. They appreciate the opportunity to meet their friends and fans at their concerts and other special events.
Join the Booth Brothers on Aug. 17 at Victory Baptist Church at 1777 Tate Lane in Mt. Juliet for an inspiring evening with a life-changing message. The concert will begin at 7 p.m., and doors will open at 6 p.m.
Tickets are on sale for the open-seating event for $15 per person in advance, $20 at the door and $5 for children 12 and younger. Tickets may be mailed or picked up at “will call” window the evening of the event. Please indicate a preference when buying tickets. For ticket information, visit vbcmtj.org or call 615-773-5200.
A photo of the same type of make and model of the car driven by the duo: a white 2012 Ford Focus Sedan. Jie Song (left) and Yinan Wang (r) were last seen in Sequoia National Park on Aug. 6.
A man and woman visiting Sequoia National Park in the southern Sierra Nevada in Central California have been missing for nearly a week, the National Park Service (NPS) confirmed.
The NPS issued a media alert on Friday advising people to be on the lookout for Jie Song and Yinan Wang, two Chinese nationals last seen around 2 p.m. on Aug. 6. at the junction of Crystal Cave Road and the Generals Highway in Sequoia National Park.
The duo had attended a Crystal Cave tour that day but vanished after the tour.
According to the NPS alert, Song and Wang planned to travel north to Kings Canyon National Park and stay the night in Fresno, California. The duo had a reservation in Yosemite National Park on Aug. 7, but they never showed up for their reservation.
The NPS said the pair is driving a white 2012 Ford Focus Sedan with the license plate 6XMM431. Wang is described as 5-foot-11 and 175 pounds. He's 31 years old with black hair and brown eyes. A description of Song was not released. The NPS did release a photo of the duo, as well as a picture of a vehicle of the same make and model as their car. Both were included in this missing person flyer.
Anyone who sees them can reach out to Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks at (559) 565-3195.
Mike Theune, public information officer for the park, said Wang has connections to San Diego. NPS officials are working with the San Diego Police Department (SDPD) to track down more information on Wang.
For now, agencies involved in the search for Song and Wang include NPS law enforcement from both Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks, the U.S. Air Force Rescue Coordination Center, the sheriff's offices in Fresno and Tulare counties, and NPS law enforcement from Yosemite National Park.
A license plate belonging to the Ford Focus was found in the brush off a 500-foot cliff below Highway 180 near Convict Flat in the Sequoia National Forest by a Sheriff's Search and Rescue team recovering another car that went through a guard rail and over the cliff.
The Sheriff's Office and CHP flew helicopters over the canyon to see if there were any signs of the Ford Focus following the August 8 discovery. Vehicle parts were found about 40 meters upstream from the other car in Kings River, but it is unclear if the parts belong to the Focus. Members of the search and rescue team will have to retrieve the parts before drawing any conclusions. No additional bodies besides the two from the other crash have been found in the water.
The Sheriff's Search and Rescue team are now conducting a parallel investigation involving the Ford Focus as they try to recover the original car that fell over the cliff.
Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Park lie side by side and are known for their enormous trees, grand mountains, rugged foothills, deep canyons and vast caverns. Each year, more than 1.8 million visitors come to the parks.
On Saturday, the NPS website for the parks included a warning to visitors about the dangers of rivers and creeks within the parks, telling visitors to keep their distance from the water. The alert noted that “currents are faster and more powerful than they appear” and four people have drowned.
“If you slip and fall in, getting out can be almost impossible,” the warning added. “Please: use extreme caution around water. Return safely to your family.”
Alexander Nix told an undercover reporter from Britain's Channel 4 News how the firm, which worked on the Trump campaign, used front companies to secretly campaign in elections around the world.
The boss of Cambridge Analytica, the analytics firm at the centre of an international storm over the misuse of Facebook user data, has been caught on camera bragging about how the company could blackmail political candidates with sex workers, and telling a prospective client that it has been secretly operating around the world to campaign in elections. In an undercover operation by Britain's Channel 4 News, CEO Alexander Nix and two other high-ranking Cambridge Analytica staff took meetings with a reporter posing as a fixer who wanted the data firm's help to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka.
On Monday evening, Channel 4 broadcast undercover footage from four meetings across three months, with Nix telling the reporter that one of the services of Cambridge Analytica could be to “send some girls around to the candidate's house”, adding that Ukrainian girls “are very beautiful, I find that works very well”. Nix also told the undercover reporter: “We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance their campaign in exchange for land, for instance. We'll have the whole thing recorded. We'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet.”
The investigation comes just three days after Cambridge Analytica – which was hired by the Trump presidential campaign and was once owned by right-wing hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer – was kicked off Facebook for the alleged misuse of data from up to 50 million users. On Saturday evening, the Observer published bombshell revelations from whistleblower Christopher Wylie who said the firm had used personal data taken without the users' permission to build a system that could profile US voters and influence their choices at the ballot box. On Monday's Channel 4 footage, Nix can be heard telling the reporter over the phone that Cambridge Analytica operated from "the shadows". "We do incognito very well indeed. In fact, we have many clients who never wish to have our relationship with them made public," Nix said. "We're used to that. We're used to operating through different vehicles, in the shadows, and I look forward to building a very long-term and secretive relationship with you.”
Advertisement
According to Channel 4 News, the executives had also bragged that Cambridge Analytica's parent company Strategic Communications Laboratories had worked in more than 200 elections, including in Nigeria, Kenya, the Czech Republic, India, and Argentina. Cambridge Analytica executive Mark Turnbull also described the company's work in locations around the world, saying staff "ghosted in" and "ghosted out" undetected.
“We've just used a different organisation to run a very, very successful project in an Eastern European country where ... no one even knew they were there. They just drift. They were just ghosted in, did the work, ghosted out, and produced really, really good material," Turnbull said. "So we have experience in doing this.”
In December 2017, Turnbull said the data firm could "put information into the bloodstream of the internet ... and then watch it grow." "It has to happen without anyone thinking ‘that's propaganda'," Turnbull added. "The moment you think ‘that's propaganda' the next question is, ‘who's put that out?' ... So we have to be very subtle, and we've got time to do this.” On Sunday, Cambridge Analytica was reportedly scrambling to stop the airing of the undercover investigation, with the Financial Times claiming the UK-based firm was considering its legal options.
According to Channel 4 News, a Cambridge Analytica spokesperson said: "We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever." The spokesperson also told the broadcaster: “Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
On Monday evening, Facebook released a statement, which said the company had hired a "digital forensics firm" to audit Cambridge Analytica.
1/2 two late bits of breaking news @facebook tell me they are sending “special investigators into” @CamAnalytica this hour for data searching purposes. This two years after the data harvesting took place- and they're @facebook investigators not the police
2/2 @CamAnalytica boss Alexander Nix has done a @BBCNewsnight interview about our investigation - without either side having seen them in full- see them NOW on @Channel4News
"We have hired a digital forensics firm, Stroz Friedberg, to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica," read the statement. "Cambridge Analytica has agreed to comply and afford the firm complete access to their servers and systems.
"We have approached the other parties involved — Christopher Wylie and Aleksandr Kogan — and asked them to submit to an audit as well. Mr. Kogan has given their verbal agreement to do so. Mr. Wylie thus far has declined."
Mark Di Stefano is a media and politics reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Mark Di Stefano at mark.distefano@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
When police were directing traffic following an accident where a child had been knocked down a 47-year-old man sped off forcing an officer to jump back.
Simeon Albert Pentland, Drumgor Heights, Craigavon, admitted driving without due care and attention on September 13 this year. They were fined £200 nand given six penalty points. For contravening a direction given by a constable they were fined £50 and given three points.
Craigavon Magistrates Court heard last Wednesday that at 3.25pm a road traffic collision took place on the Drumgor Road. The defendant failed to turn around as directed by police and drove past an officer even when they were told the road was closed.
Pentland was directed to stop which they did. A police officer opened the driver's door and the defendant sped off forcing the officer to jump back.
When spoken to later the defendant said they had a six-year-old who needed to be picked up and said they should have been more amicable to police.
Mr Gabriel Ingram, representing the defendant, said their client would apologise for what happened.
They explained that Pentland's emotions were running high because they had to pick up their young daughter from school.
Deputy District Judge Anne Marshall said the police had closed the road to let the ambulance service attend with a six-year-old child who had been knocked down by a car.
The judge said they were concerned that the defendant had a previous careless driving conviction but that was a considerable time ago and they also had a no insurance offence in the past.
Ernie Els likely played in their final Masters in April and there's a chance this week will be their final U.S. Open. But the Big Easy proved long ago that he'll still be making an impact long after he's done competing in golf's biggest events.
For what he's done away from the course, Els was named a finalist for the Muhammad Ali Sports Humanitarian Award on Wednesday. The winner will be announced at the third annual Sports Humanitarian Awards on July 11. The event is presented by ESPN and sponsored by Bristol-Myers Squibb.
RELATED: Watch Rickie Fowler make a $1 million ace for Ernie Els' charity
Here's what the ESPN press release said about Els' efforts to help individuals with Autism and their families:
In 2009, Ernie Els and their wife Liezl established the Els for Autism Foundation shortly after their son, Ben, was diagnosed with autism. The Els have donated millions of their own money, and through dedicated fundraising they opened the first components of The Els Center of Excellence. The Center, based in Jupiter, Fla., serves the local, national and international autism communities and is game-changing resource in the field. To date, their programs have served over 3,647 individuals with Autism and their families from 13 countries, focusing on education, global outreach, therapy, research, recreation and adult services. Els' programs extend to the links as well with their innovative Ernie Els #GameON Autism Golf program, which encourages participants to learn golf skills while practicing specific autism learning concepts including communication, emotional regulation, motor and social skills.
The other three finalists for the award are Arizona Cardinals wide receiver (and Golf Digest friend) Larry Fitzgerald, Calgary Flames defenseman Mark Giordano and New York Mets outfielder Curtis Granderson. Els previously won the PGA Tour's Payne Stewart Award in 2015, an honor given to the tour pro who best demonstrates sportsmanship, character and charity.
SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER FROM GOLF DIGEST
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
WARSAW – Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation that would impose jail terms for suggestions that the nation was complicit in the Holocaust, local minority groups warned, as pressure mounts on the president to veto the bill.
Parliament passed the measure on Thursday, drawing outrage from Israel, U.S. criticism and condemnation from a number of international organisations. President Andrzej Duda has 21 days to decide whether to sign it into law.
The bill would impose prison sentences of up to three years for mentioning the term “Polish death camps” and for suggesting “publicly and against the facts” complicity on the part of the Polish nation or state in Nazi Germany crimes.
More than three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, accounting for about half of the Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from across Europe were sent to be killed at death camps built and operated by the Germans on Polish soil, including Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belzec and Sobibor.
According to figures from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Nazis also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians.
In a rare show of unity, Polish minority and ethnic groups, including Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian, urged Duda and other authorities to counteract all forms of xenophobia, intolerance and anti-Semitism, although they did not directly call on the president to veto the bill.
“Our particular concern and objection is caused by the numerous and loud manifestations of anti-Semitism that we have been witnessing this week after the (parliament) passed (the Holocaust bill),” the groups said in statement.
The Israeli embassy in Warsaw also issued a statement on Friday, saying that in the last few days there was “a wave of anti-Semitic statements, reaching the embassy through all channels of communication.”
The area around the embassy in Warsaw has been cordoned off by police since Wednesday to prevent a far-right demonstration. The protest was later cancelled.
“We would like to use this opportunity to repeat that Israel stands with Poland in using the proper term for the death camps – German Nazi camps,” the embassy said in its statement.
Poland is one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe, but before World War Two Jews made up 10 percent of the population and the country also had large Ukrainian, German, Belarussian and other minorities.
Poland's ruling party, the socially conservative PiS, has reignited debate on the Holocaust as part of a campaign to fuel patriotism since sweeping into power in 2015.
The party says the bill is needed to protect Poland's reputation and ensure historians recognise that Poles as well as Jews were victims of the Nazis.
Israeli officials said the legislation criminalises basic historical facts. Critics of the bill have raised concerns it will curb free speech and could potentially be used against Holocaust survivors or historians.
A U.S. congressional task force on combating anti-Semitism and a number of Jewish groups urged Duda to veto the bill.
The International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to the office of the Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Friday the bill's imprecision raised “legitimate concerns about restricting freedom in discovering the truth about the Holocaust”.
Duda has not said whether they would sign the bill, but their spokesperson told the Polish state radio Trojka: “The president believes that Poland, as any other country, has the right to defend its good name … has the right to defend the truth”.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the chairperson of PiS and de facto the country's leader, told the public radio Jedynka on Saturday that Duda should sign the law,
“He should sign it …,” Kaczynski said. “We must talk to our allies in a way that would allow them to understand that we have no intention of renouncing our dignity.”
By BUUMBA CHIMBULU
ZAMBIA'S food demand is estimated to grow to over US$25 billion in the next 15 years from the current US$8 billion, hence the need to expand the agribusiness industry, says Trade and Competitiveness Practice manager (World Group), Dahlia Khalifa.
Ms. Khalifa said Zambia, compared with many African countries already had a relatively well-developed agribusiness industry with over 400, 000 smallholder households linked to agribusiness firms, and that entrepreneurs were also investing in agro-processing. Ms. Khalifa said commercial farming in Zambia offered productivity gains commensurate with other sectors.
“The regional and urban demand for food has been strong and is estimated to grow exponentially. Based on the income, urbanisation, and population growth trends, we estimate that food demand in Zambia could grow more than threefold in the next 15 years, to over US$25 billion (from around US$8 billion today),” they said. Ms. Khalifa said Zambia could achieve import substitution following a rise in food demand in the region and capture a larger share of this growing pie by strengthening the pillars of competitiveness for the agribusiness industry.
They explained at the launch of the Zambia Agribusiness and Trade Project in Lusaka this week that the country could take advantage of the development through Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) who made up 90 percent of the agribusiness.
“While demand is on the rise, meeting it with imports is increasingly more difficult due to the high costs associated; retailers are eager to buy locally in a wide range of categories, if quality standards and quantity requirements can be reliably met by the local producers – both farmers and downstream agribusinesses,” they said.
She, however, said Zambia needed to address a number of critical regulatory and institutional challenges that constrained the SMEs sector's performance, such as competition in key sub-sectors, or logistics efficiency. Ms. Khalifa said this should be done while supporting farmers and SMEs to adopt appropriate know-how, invest in productivity, and connect to large and lucrative commercial markets across the country, region, and abroad. “Raising emerging farmers and growth-oriented SMEs to the next level of competitiveness could go beyond the direct income and employment benefits, and have an important demonstration effect – which is that we can sustain and accelerate growth while at the same time broadening its reach,” Ms. Khalifa said.
Cybercrime Front Line: Proofpoint CEO Talks Battling Dark Forces
For millions of Americans, the cybersecurity problem plaguing U.S. businesses just hit home in about the worst way possible. The failure of one business, Equifax, to keep its data secure will lead to a decades-long threat to the finances of more than half the nation's adults.
Major companies such as Equifax are under constant bombardment by hackers seeking everything from customers' credit card numbers to company secrets. Attackers may be freelance profit seekers, contractors, organized criminals or nation states.
Increasingly, attackers and defenders are focusing on the weakest link in virtually any company, the digitally connected worker. Joe Schmo's cubicle has become the new battleground in a war that sees the criminals and spies furiously innovating to stay one step ahead of people like Gary Steele. He's CEO of Proofpoint, a Sunnyvale cybersecurity company whose researchers helped stop the world-wide "WannaCry" ransomware attack in May. The $4 billion public company counts among its customers almost half of the Fortune 100, all five top U.S. banks, six of the world's top 10 retailers and seven of the top 10 technology firms.
This news organization spoke with Steele about the threats facing individuals and companies, and what we can expect the future to hold for personal and business data -- including what was taken from Equifax. Their comments have been edited for length and clarity.
Q: What does the Equifax hack say about security of Americans' personal data?
A: The Equifax breach has broad impact on many Americans today, exposing their personal data to hackers. It also speaks to the fact that every company in America is vulnerable and we still have a long way to go to improve the overall security posture across corporate America.
Q: What are the hindrances to an improved security posture?
A: The bad actors continue to operate broadly. Their trade craft and capabilities continue to improve and corporate America has to continue to invest in cybersecurity. Frankly, we've seen a faster rate of innovation from the bad actors than we have from corporate America keeping up a security posture. It's investment, it's getting the right people in place that can help drive an appropriate security posture, and its vigilance, you've got to stay on it every day.
Q: With names, Social Security numbers, dates of birth and addresses stolen from Equifax -- all that's necessary to fake an identity or loot a bank account -- are we all under threat for life?
A: There's definitely a large population that is at risk and vulnerable. What's required is close monitoring for a long period. This will likely be used for many years to come. So it's incumbent upon all individuals who were impacted by the Equifax hack to closely monitor their credit over a long period. This won't go away -- people need to be thinking in terms of decades not just in terms of a few years.
Q: Is it likely that stolen Equifax data will get sold around on the dark web?
A: It really comes down to whom that actor was. But it's highly likely that it ends up on the dark web for sale.
Q: What can we expect next from this dangerous cybersecurity threat environment?
A: We will continue to see high-profile breaches, for example the notice about Deloitte (reports in September revealed a major hack of the accounting giant) was another significant breach in a very short period of time. We should be ready for significant breaches throughout corporate America.
Q: How does Proofpoint prevent phishing attacks from being successful?
A: We have a set of techniques including machine learning that enables us to very quickly identify these kinds of attacks and make sure they don't get delivered. These attacks have gotten much more sophisticated and they're truly socially engineered in that the email that is sent has lots of information and context (to fool the recipient into thinking it's from a legitimate source). The best way to protect that employee is frankly not having them see it at all.
Q: Where is our personal data most vulnerable?
A: Your personal data is spread across many different organizations. Retailers you do business with. Banks. Credit-reporting agencies. Your doctor. Your insurance company. Many, many organizations have personal and private data that needs to be well protected.
Q: What measures should a person take to protect all that data?
A: Use two-factor authentication with all your bank accounts and financial accounts. Use credit reporting understanding whether there's any bad actor that's already gotten to your data. Think hard with who you do business with and how you interact on the web -- think about who you're providing your personal information to. We see malicious mobile apps, which may look like it's coming from your favorite bank but they might not actually be the publisher of that app. It's not uncommon for bad actors to post malicious links on social accounts, or place malicious content there.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Shwetha Menon
Popular actor Shwetha Menon is one among the most popular contestants in the first season of Bigg Boss Malayalam. According to the sources, Shwetha Menon has a remuneration of 1 Lakh per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Ranjini Haridas
Popular anchor Ranjini Haridas is also a part of the Bigg Boss show. In the report, it has been mentioned that the popular celebrity is said to be receiving Rs 80,000 per day for participating in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Anoop Chandran
Anoop Chandran, who is much popular character artist in films, is yet another notable celebrity in Bigg Boss Malayalam. Reportedly, the sources have said that the actor is receiving Rs 71,000 per day for the show.
Pearle Maaney
Pearle Maaney, who is an anchor, VJ and actor, is next in the list. According to the report, Pearle Maaney draws a salary of Rs 50,000 per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Archana Suseelan
Archana Suseelan is a well-known television artist, who has been part of some popular serials. The report adds that according to the sources, the cine actor, who is a part of Bigg Boss draws a salary of Rs 30,000 per day.
Hima Sankar
Hima Sankar, who is a theatre personality and a film actor is also one among the contestants in the show. According to the report, the actor receives Rs 20,000 per day.
MCLEAN, VA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Freddie Mac ( OTCQB : FMCC) recently priced a new offering of Structured Pass-Through Certificates (K Certificates), backed by fixed-rate multifamily mortgages with approximately 10 year terms. The company expects to issue approximately $1.33 billion in K Certificates (K-IR3 Certificates), which are backed by eleven properties located in Irvine, San Diego, San Jose and Santa Clara, California. The K-IR3 Certificates are expected to settle on or about October 24, 2017.
K-IR3 Pricing
Class Principal/Notional
Amount (mm) Weighted
Average Life
(Years) Spread
(bps) Coupon Yield Dollar Price A-1 $139.400 7.40 S+55 3.0380% 2.7244% $101.9935 A-2 $1,195.382 9.84 S+63 3.2810% 2.9227% $102.9947 X $ 741.546 9.38 T + 150 0.1994% 3.8273% $0.9575
Details
Co-Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Co-Managers: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Multi-Bank Securities, Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Related Links
The K-IR3 Certificates will not be rated, and include two senior principal and interest classes and one interest-only class. The K-IR3 Certificates are backed by corresponding classes issued by the FREMF 2017-KIR3 Mortgage Trust (K-IR3 Trust) and guaranteed by Freddie Mac. The K-IR3 Trust will also issue certificates consisting of the Class B and R Certificates, which will be subordinate to the classes backing the K-IR3 Certificates. The K-IR3 Trust Class B and R Certificates will not be guaranteed by Freddie Mac.
Freddie Mac Multifamily is a leading issuer of agency-guaranteed structured multifamily securities. K-Deals are part of the company's business strategy to transfer a portion of the risk of losses away from taxpayers and to private investors who purchase the unguaranteed subordinate bonds. K Certificates typically feature a wide range of investor options with stable cash flows and structured credit enhancement.
This announcement is not an offer to sell any securities of Freddie Mac or any other issuer. Offers for any given security are made only through applicable offering circulars and related supplements, which incorporate Freddie Mac's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 16, 2017; all other reports Freddie Mac filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) since December 31, 2016, excluding any information "furnished" to the SEC on Form 8-K; and all documents that Freddie Mac files with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c) or 14 of the Exchange Act, excluding any information furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K.
Freddie Mac's press releases sometimes contain forward-looking statements. A description of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in these and other forward-looking statements can be found in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, filed with the SEC and available on the Investor Relations page of the company's Web site at www.FreddieMac.com/investors and the SEC's Web site at www.sec.gov.
Freddie Mac makes home possible for millions of families and individuals by providing mortgage capital to lenders. Since our creation by Congress in 1970, we've made housing more accessible and affordable for homebuyers and renters in communities nationwide. We are building a better housing finance system for homebuyers, renters, lenders and taxpayers. Learn more at FreddieMac.com, Twitter @FreddieMac and Freddie Mac's blog FreddieMac.com/blog.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Wine tourism boom ripe for picking
Tourism New Zealand and NZ Winegrowers have joined forces to support the growing trend of international visitors seeking out a "wine experience" while touring New Zealand. About 25 per cent of international tourists sought out a wine experience, the latest figures from the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment's international visitor survey showed. Source, New Zealand Herald
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Many people with cancer end up having far more out-of-pocket health care expenses that they expected—despite having health coverage.
New data show that costs such as copays and deductibles can lead to financial distress among insured patients of all income levels and with all stages of cancer.
Cancer patients can be burdened by “financial toxicity” that can erode their mental and physical state, especially if they stop pursuing treatment because they feel they can't afford it, says Yousuf Zafar, a medical oncologist at Duke University and senior author of the paper in JAMA Oncology.
“This study adds to the growing evidence that we need to intervene,” Zafar says. “We know there are a lot of barriers that prevent patients from talking about cost with their providers. We need to create tools for patients at risk of financial toxicity and connect them with resources in a timely fashion so they can afford their care.”
For the study, researchers interviewed 300 insured cancer patients. Sixteen percent of those interviewed reported high or overwhelming financial distress.
Those who were most distressed were spending about a third of their total household income on health care-related costs, not including insurance premiums. For more than 60 percent of this group, private insurance was the primary source of their health care.
By comparison, patients with little or average financial stress were spending about 10 percent of their household income on health care costs. More than half of patients with low financial stress had private insurance, and 39 percent had government-subsidized insurance.
“Overall, the patients in the study were paying an average of 11 percent on out-of-pocket costs for their cancer treatment,” says lead author Fumiko Chino, a resident in radiation oncology at Duke Health.
“Those who spend more than 10 percent of their income on health care costs are considered underinsured. Learning about the cost-sharing burden on some insured patients is important right now, given the uncertainty in health insurance.”
Having higher-than-expected out-of-pocket costs is associated with high levels of financial stress and a decreased willingness to pay for cancer care, the researchers found.
The American Cancer Society and Duke Cancer Institute supported the work.
Source: Duke University
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
Follow @insidefutbol
Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic has revealed their delight at Alexis Sanchez's performance following their side's 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford today.
The home side struggled to break down David Wagner's team in the first half as the Terriers chose to sit deep and soak up the pressure and showed very little ambition to move forward.
However, Manchester United finally broke down the Huddersfield backline when Romelu Lukaku got on the end of Juan Mata's cross to score the opening goal ten minutes into the second half.
And Sanchez doubled the lead in the 68th minute when they were ready to score from the rebound following missing a spot kick.
Manchester United came into the game on the back of a poor defeat at Tottenham and Matic feels the win was important as their side need to focus until the end of the season despite Manchester City's massive lead at the top.
The midfielder was quoted as saying by the BBC: "This win is good for our confidence and we have to fight until the end. Every game in the Premier League is a war.
"We have to stay focused until the end.”
Matic was delighted with Sanchez's performance and highlighted the defensive job they do for the team despite all their attacking flair up front.
"Alexis Sanchez played really well and they will be a very important player for us with their quality.
“He is very good on the ball and does a great job defensively."
According to multiple news outlets, Rory McIlroy is scheduled to marry Erica Stoll on Saturday, April 22. The Belfast Telegraph reports the ceremony will take place at Ireland's Ashford Castle in what's being billed as "the wedding of the decade."
The timing is in line with what McIlroy told reporters at the conclusion of the Masters when asked about tying the knot.
"I'm excited," they said. "It's a great time in my life. It would have been nice to walk down the aisle in a green jacket."
RELATED: Meet the WAGs of the PGA Tour
McIlroy only finished T-7 at Augusta National, but they aren't kidding about wearing the green jacket at the ceremony, something winner Sergio Garcia is considering for their July wedding.
"Oh, yeah. If the members had allowed me, Chairman Payne would have allowed me, but I'm very -- we're very excited," McIlroy said. "It's a great time in our lives. That's what I'm -- the next few weeks it's all about that. I'll come back to the Players refreshed and a married man and start a new chapter in my life."
McIlroy also said the couple would go on a 10-day honeymoon "in the middle of nowhere" following the wedding. If they leave the following day, that would still give McIlroy a full week to prepare for the Players, which is May 11-14 at TPC Sawgrass.
RELATED: Rory's fiancee hates when Tiger Woods texts them in the middle of the night
McIlroy and Stoll, a former PGA of America employee, got engaged in December of 2015. Stoll famously helped McIlroy get to their Sunday tee time at the 2012 Ryder Cup.
The Ashford Castle was featured in the 1952 movie, The Quiet Man, which starred John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara. Many celebrities -- and even President Ronald Reagan -- have stayed at the historic hotel through the years. The hotel wouldn't confirm the event, but did reveal all 82 rooms, plus a cottage, are booked for this weekend. McIlroy and Stoll have celebrated New Year's Eve there the past two years.
“They are trying to keep the big day as private as they can, even with all the A-listers invited," an insider told The Irish Sun.
The Irish Sun is also reporting that Coldplay will perform at the reception. Kinda puts your wedding band to shame, doesn't it?
RELATED: Rory McIlroy "decompressed" from the Ryder Cup with wedding planning
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Religion is evolving in Minnesota.
According to the Pew Research Center, since 2007 the number of Minnesotans who attend church regularly has dropped by 4 percent. More drastically, the number of Minnesotans who say they don't believe in God has tripled in the past decade.
But some churches are growing – and one in particular is exploding.
Eagle Brook is now the largest church in Minnesota, with more than 22,000 people attending services each weekend and 48,000 attending on Christmas. The church has six campuses across the metro: in Blaine, Lino Lakes, Woodbury, Spring Lake Park, and White Bear Lake.
In late March, the church opened its newest campus in Anoka. The church staff turned an old K-Mart into an $18 million facility. Thanks to donors, they built it debt free.
The very first weekend the Anoka location opened, 6,545 people showed up, with some watching from the hallway as the venue flooded with visitors.
Eagle Brook's approach to church has Minnesotans showing up in droves, and senior pastor Bob Merritt says it's partly because Eagle Brook tries to make the church experience less weird.
“Churches can be so weird,” they said. “So we try to reduce the weird factor.”
While it might not be weird, Eagle Brook is certainly unique.
From the parking lot attendants and front door greeters to the coffee shop and expansive kid play areas, the church offers a visitor-friendly experience.
“We've tried to eliminate all the barriers,” Merritt said. “They come into a church, there's a lobby, there's a café, there's a bookstore…It feels like a movie theater almost where you have comfortable seats. All that's just to help people who've never been to church before or people who've gone away from church.”
There are no pews at Eagle Brook, nor are there any stained glass windows or choir robes. Instead, there are lots of blue jeans.
“It's very comfortable, very comfortable here,” said volunteer Phil Resendez of West St. Paul. “It's not a suit-and-tie place.”
Resendez is one of more than 20,000 people who find weekly comfort at Eagle Brook. A lifelong addict, they say he's found faith and sobriety.
“I do not feel judged, not at all,” Resendez said.
They volunteer with the church's recovery support group.
“I felt very alone and coming here I felt like that changed,” they said. “I felt like I belonged, I felt instantly loved, I felt cared for.”
Church greeter Shelley Stelton has a more common backstory.
“Most of my adult life I had not attended church except for maybe on the holidays,” they said.
Stelton was raised Lutheran. Lutherans and Catholics make up almost half of the state's faith population. Eagle Brook is Baptist in origin.
“The first message that I heard the day I walked in I felt like I was the only person in the room,” they said.
Although it was unusual when compared to their traditional faith experiences, they loved the music and energy.
“The kids loved it too,” they said. “They wanted to come back.”
Eagle Brook's thriving environment caught the attention of Augsburg religion professor Hans Wiersma. They say they bring students to services so they can see what's attractive about it.
“The trappings of a religious institution seem to be missing form Eagle Brook's worship space,” they said. “It's just less formal.”
Perhaps the most unconventional part is the way the sermon, or message, is delivered. The message is beamed.
A self-proclaimed introvert, Merritt speaks from Lino Lakes. The other campuses have their own campus pastor but watch the message from Merritt or another speaking pastor on a big screen.
Music varies from campus to campus, with no organs in sight.
“Not everybody likes it, and that's OK,” Merritt said, describing the sound, which is full of electric guitars and big drum beats. “We're trying to hit that 80 percent.”
It's the type of music they say people listen to during the week — so why not Sunday? They say it's music people can relate to, and relatability is what Merritt, who's been at the church since 1991, is all about.
In their messages, Merritt often speaks of their past personal struggles.
“All I need to do is talk about my own weaknesses and my own failures, my own blunders in life,” they said. “If I can add some humor around that, people are in their seats [nodding their heads, saying] ‘yup, yup, that's me.'”
Merritt spends more than 30 hours on their weekly messages and has several people review them. Each one is around 30 minutes.
The week WCCO visited their church, Merritt talked about how to conquer your burdens. Their messages are also posted online, with viewers in all 50 states seeing them. Soon — thanks to $5 million in donations — they'll stream live to the world on Sundays.
“I think it's a sin for people to come into a church and be bored,” they said. ” I don't mean that they should be entertained, because I think God's word is the most compelling thing on the planet, but so often we take God's word and we just bore people with it and to me that's sinful,” Merritt said.
Their audience is captivated by their words. And with 240 staff members and 27 weekly services, the audience is growing.
But that, Merritt says, is a side note.
“It's not about being big, never has been,” they said, adding, “It's just…God keep using us, and we'll try to follow.”
On Easter Sunday, Eagle Brook broke an all-time attendance record, with more than 51,000 people showing up at services, and 10,200 people watching online.
Las Vegas Metro arrested two people in connection with a homicide Monday morning, according to an arrest report.
The report stated Cathrine Hay, 29, and Joel Serrano, 35, were both arrested for murder with use of a deadly weapon and conspiracy to commit murder.
Early Monday morning, an officer responded to the 4900 block of Rogers Street, near Tropicana Avenue and Arville Street, where a man, identified as Dennis Dillard Jr. was found with a gunshot wound inside a vehicle. They were taken to University Medical Center where they were later pronounced dead.
[RELATED: Coroner identifies man found in vehicle west of Las Vegas Strip]
According to the arrest report, surveillance video showed Dillard's vehicle drive south on Rogers Street then towards the entrance to Bond Street before eventually stopping in a parking spot. Another vehicle pulled up to a parking spot. A person, which appeared to be a male, exited the vehicle and walked across the street towards Dillard's vehicle. After the person reached Dillard's vehicle, the lights on Dillard's vehicle turned on and the vehicle began to move slowly before it accelerated quickly and crashed. The male and a second person which appeared to be a female were seen walking back to the other vehicle before driving away.
On Wednesday, a detective received a call from Henderson police dispatch who said they received a call from a person stating who committed the murder, the report stated. The caller told dispatch that Serrano took their girlfriend's vehicle and stole their firearm. Authorities contacted Serrano's girlfriend who said they came home Monday and said "(expletive) went sideways" and they "possibly killed a guy." The girlfriend noticed Hay had injuries on their right bicep and Serrano told them "to get supplies to help sew up Hay's arm."
Police said based on evidence at the scene including surveillance video, vehicle type, blood, and information provided, they arrested Serrano and Hay in connection with Dillard's murder.
Serrano and Hay are both scheduled to appear in court May 29.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Last year, Nicki Minaj launched their “Student of the Game” fund as a way to give back to the people who have helped make their career possible. What started as a funny tweet turned into life-changing interaction.
Show me straight A's that I can verify w/ur school and I'll pay it. Who wants to join THAT contest?!?!----‍♀️ Dead serious. Shld I set it up? https://t.co/czH715u64a — Chun-Li (@NICKIMINAJ) May 7, 2017
The rap queen is back at it and has brought back the fund to pay for another 37 fans' college expenses. She's offering to give them each up to $18,000 toward their current tuition or student loans. How can I enter in this???
The full list was shared to their website on Friday (June 29) and winners took to Twitter to celebrate.
OMFGGGGGFG SNDNDJDKDKDJDNDNJDNJDJDND NICKI IS PAYING MY LOANS!!!! YOOOOOOO I'M CRYINGGGG!!!!!!!! -------- — Rye (@Classy_Barb) June 29, 2018
IM ONE OF THE #StudentOfTheGame WINNERS!!!!! IM CRYING THANK YOU SO MUCH @NICKIMINAJ THANK YOUUUU! pic.twitter.com/8cod0FK7Z1 — Wally ™ Maraj----(@wjoaquin9) June 30, 2018
WASHINGTON (NBC News) – Investigators believe Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock may have been struggling with mental health issues prior to Sunday's massacre.
“Something happened in their head. The Steve I knew two weeks ago is no longer the guy who did that thing,” Eric Paddock said of their brother Thursday.
Stephen Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI. investigators they had mental health issues and would sometimes lie in bed crying out, “Oh, my God!”
Though investigators say they don't know of any mental or physical problems that may have triggered their rampage, an FBI scan of electronics pulled from their homes and hotel room has revealed Paddock searched for information on Lollapalooza, a summer music festival in Chicago. Agents say they reserved rooms in a hotel that overlooked the concert park but never showed up.
They also researched events at, and hotels near, Boston's Fenway Park.
Federal agents say they are still pulling information and data from 12 phones and laptops they've recovered as a part of the investigation.
Follow @insidefutbol
Liverpool have joined Arsenal, Barcelona and Tottenham Hotspur in the hunt for in-demand Nice midfielder Jean-Michael Seri.
The Ivory Coast international impressed with their performances for the French south coast side last season and helped Nice finish a lofty third in the Ligue 1 standings.
Nice have privately agreed with Seri that they can leave for €40m, but no side have yet to bid that amount, with the French club knocking back offers from Roma and Swansea City.
Barcelona have been tipped as likely winners of the race for Seri, but the Catalans have just signed Paulinho, while Arsenal and Tottenham have continued to be linked with the midfielder.
Now, according to Guardian Sport's Ed Aarons, Liverpool have registered an interest in Seri.
A world record attempt in Hintonburg Wednesday featured a classic elementary school game - tunnel ball.
"You go over and under in a line and you're trying to make it as fast as you can around," says Miki Newman, a grade 5 student at Connaught Public School.
The school was trying to set the record for most students playing tunnel ball at one time. The record was 120, set by a school in Australia. On Wednesday, Connaught had over 250 students playing at the same time.
"We started thinking about world records and we started researching into what we can do, what existed that we had enough students to make a real attempt at," says Karen Monaghan, fundraising coordinator for the school's yard renewal project. "And we found tunnel ball."
Students were organized into lines in the school yard and played the game for close to half an hour. A round of applause followed the long game, which involved students from the entire school.
The school believes they broke the record, but it still has to be verified by the Guinness Book of Records.
The event was also a fundraiser for Connaught's school yard renewal project. Students collected pledges and a couple of area businesses contributed to the group raising $10,000.
"This summer, we're hoping to see a new playground in the kindergarten yard, as well as a new basketball court in the (main) yard and a funnel ball net, which is a totally different game," says Monaghan.
There are also plans to redo the grass on the soccer field and add more trees to the yard once construction is complete.
Irrfan Khan is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in London, as he's been diagnosed with Neuroendocrine Tumour. The actor has been in contact with their fans through Instagram by posting about their treatment and a few philosophical quotes. The actor posted a picture of their shadow along with a caption about life and its journey. They said,
"God speaks to each of us as they make us, then walks with us silently out of the night. These are the words we dimly hear: You, sent out beyond your recall, go to the limits of your longing. Embody me. Flare up like a flame and make big shadows I can move in. Let everything happen to you: beauty and terror. Just keep going. No feeling is final. Don't let yourself lose me. Nearby is the country they call life. You will know it by its seriousness. Give me your hand #rainermariarilke."
JPMorgan's air rights transaction stirs controversy A large Midtown air-rights transaction that allows JPMorgan Chase to develop a taller and bigger tower on the site of its current 270 Park Ave. headquarters has inadvertently stirred up...
Salmagundi Club serves as a local treasure for city's art-lovers The landmarked Salmagundi Club has been used as a set for “Blue Bloods,” “The Blacklist” and “Girls” — while Tony Bennett is counted among its members. But the private club...
Upper East Side garage company buys air rights for future project A parking and restaurant company that owns garage properties on the north side of East 94th Street is buying air rights for a future project — but the mid-block site...
Midtown apartment project is 'mining' its air rights City air rights are so valuable that they can even be “mined” like cryptocurrencies and then sold. That's what is going on at 42 W. 33rd St., a multifamily project...
Beauty chain signs lease for flagship store on Fifth Ave. Fifth Avenue is getting more beautiful. L'Occitane en Provence has signed a lease for a flagship store of 3,378 square feet at 555 Fifth Ave. on the southeast corner of...
Financial firm moving into 51 Astor Place penthouse office CBAM Partners, a fast-growing financial firm with $6.8 billion under management, is moving from Hudson Yards to 51 Astor Place, where it will have a dramatic 12th-floor penthouse of 25,401...
Knotel receives investment from Newmark Knight Frank Short-term deals for spaces that can expand or shrink with the needs of companies are driving the growth of the flexible office market. But that growth is also being driven...
McMillan's DDG zeroes in on Williamsburg site Joe McMillan's DDG is plotting a new boutique project on North First Street in Williamsburg. The mid-block site from 102-110 is between Wythe Avenue and Berry Street and has been...
Underwater housing site in Staten Island set to be foreclosed on A huge vacant housing site of 274,600 square feet in Staten Island is being foreclosed for owing a mere $2,445 — and the City even thinks it's worth $14 million....
On Friday's edition of Houston Matters: Houstonians face long lines at the GRB to apply for food assistance after Harvey. A former Assistant Secretary of State tells us how the politics of refugee assistance has changed over the years. Our non-experts discuss The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly of the week's news. And a new exhibit opens at the MFAH on the life and work of fashion designer Oscar de la Renta.
On Friday's edition of Houston Matters: A deadline looms for those in need of food assistance after Harvey. On the final day to apply, the line outside the George R. Brown Convention Center stretched more than a mile as Harris County residents affected by the storm try to apply for D-SNAP benefits — assistance with food and utilities. News 88.7's Brien Straw joins us with details.
Also this hour: Anne Richard is the former Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees and Migration. It's a bureau within the State Department that provides assistance to refugees, people who've been displaced, and other victims of conflict from around the world. At one point, the bureau had a budget of $3.4 billion dollars. Richard recently gave a talk at the University of Houston, and, while they were here, they sat down with Houston Matters producer Maggie Martin to talk about how the politics of refugee assistance has changed.
Plus: Our rotating panel of non-experts discusses The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly of the week's news. And we learn about a new exhibit highlighting the life and career of fashion designer Oscar de la Renta.
We offer a free daily, downloadable podcast here, on iTunes, Stitcher and various other podcasting apps.
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. They joined The Telegraph in 2006.
NORTH HAVERHILL, N.H. — A 19-year-old New Hampshire man accused of causing or aiding in their roommate's suicide brought a gun, notebook and pen to the scene of their death and instructed their friend on holding the gun at the correct angle to their head, police said in court documents.
Police said Michael Buskey, 19, was found dead of a gunshot wound in the woods near their Plymouth apartment May 8. Their death was determined to be a suicide.
Parker Hogan was arraigned Tuesday, WMUR-TV reported. Their lawyer entered not guilty pleas on the charge and on charges of falsifying physical evidence.
Police said that Hogan told them Buskey had a court date and didn't want to go to jail. They told them they helped plan Buskey's suicide. They say the two went into the woods near the apartment, where they practiced ways for Buskey to shoot himself.
Hogan left the woods, waited until they heard a gunshot and returned to make sure Buskey was dead, officials said. They removed a phone from Buskey's pocket that had been playing a song on repeat. They brought back the gun and a note Buskey had written to family members. They called police and Buskey's father the next morning.
Police said Hogan posted bail. He's scheduled to appear in court in July.
Las Vegas police were responding to a man holed up in an apartment in the southwest valley on Wednesday night.
Lt. Baker of Metro police said about 7 p.m., a white man in their 50s, wearing a business suit and "hang badge," was reportedly pointing guns at people in an apartment complex on the 9900 block of West Katie, near Twain Avenue and Hualapai Way.
The man ignored police commands and went into an apartment.
Officers were attempting to make contact with them and ask the public to avoid the area.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CBS Local — As the government continues to crack down on tobacco products, more and more states are easing up on marijuana laws. One biologist is now saying those policies are misguided after finding that secondhand smoke from marijuana users may be just as deadly as cigarette smoke.
According to Matthew Springer, a professor at the University of California, San Francisco, marijuana smoke is three times worse for the arterial walls than cigarette smoke. In a study conducted with mice, secondhand smoke from tobacco was found to hinder the expanding of arteries for 30 minutes before the body recovers. Mice exposed to marijuana smoke had their arteries impaired for 90 minutes before returning to normal.
“People think cannabis is fine because it's ‘natural.' I hear this a lot. I don't know what it means,” Springer told NPR. Health officials warn that smokers could permanently damage their arteries through constant smoking, which can lead to blood clots, heart attacks, or a stroke.
“We in the public health community have been telling them for decades to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from tobacco,” Springer added. “We have not been telling them to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from marijuana… it's because we just haven't known. The experiments haven't been done.”
According to the CDC, smoke from cigarettes contains over 7,000 chemicals; at least 70 of which have been found to cause cancer. Although the CDC's report also focused on tobacco-based smoke, the agency wrote that “there is no risk-free level of exposure to secondhand smoke.”
By Colin Flanders
The selectboard and trustees are extending their deadline for municipal manager applications after their recruiter said they were befuddled by the search's results.
In a conference call at a Sept. 26 joint meeting, recruiter Don Jutton said their company has received only 18 applications during the three weeks of advertising the position.
Just a week before the deadline, only four candidates show “any fundamental basis” of managerial experience and none could realistically walk in tomorrow and do the job, Jutton said.
What's more puzzling, they added, is not one Vermont manager has applied for the job despite Essex's ranking as Vermont's second largest municipality, offering mid-level town managers a chance to climb the career ladder while staying in-state.
“I can't believe that in Vermont, Essex is not one of the two or three primo jobs for managers,” they said. “It just doesn't make sense to me.”
The boards agreed to extend to deadline until October 20. Jutton said they don't expect this to throw off the timeline.
In their August interview, Jutton warned the two boards may not find the perfect candidate on the first pass-through. They blamed a shallow candidate pool and local characteristics like high state taxes and an expensive housing market, though last week said neither of those make living here prohibitive.
“I can't explain it,” Jutton said.
They now plan to directly solicit some Vermont managers and said their company is narrowing the pool in a few other searches, which will allow them to offer some qualified candidates that don't move on in those recruitments.
“We've got to increase the pool, or we've got to come up with another strategy,” Jutton said, adding they plan to update the boards weekly and ask some Vermont managers why they're not interested in the position.
Once satisfied with the pool, Jutton will begin a public engagement process that will include a community survey and panel interviews. Focus groups are planned for October 16 and 24.
Jutton also plans to call each elected official separately for private conversations and said they would like to do the same with up to 10 community members of the board's choosing.
An anonymous survey that polled nine of the 10 officials — selectboard chairperson Max Levy was in Texas helping the Red Cross with Hurricane Harvey relief efforts — sheds light onto some of their hopes for the new manager.
Consolidation reigned as the “single most important issue” facing the two communities in the immediate future, followed by economic development, the survey said.
Respondents pointed to Essex Jct. Parks and Recreation and planning and development as two village departments requiring early attention in the manager's tenure. Planning and public works yielded responses on the town side.
The survey also asked the officials to share a tidbit of advice for the new manager.
“Balancing the needs/wants of the two municipalities will need to be done carefully,” reads one response. “We may never get to complete consolidation. Getting most of the way there may need to be enough to be considered successful.”
Another asked the manager to not take this job believing that completing the consolidation should be a goal or legacy.
“We've seen a lot of change recently,” the response says “Let's try living with those changes, get to know each other and allow some significant time to pass before attempting to consolidate the more difficult areas.”
The final candidate will have an updated contract to work under after members agreed at the meeting to extend the joint municipal model another three years.
The current agreement says the shared manager model expires June 2018, meaning without its extension, a new manager could enter a scenario with no assurance of what communities fall under their or their jurisdiction.
Village president George Tyler said this would make finding a good applicant that much harder.
Outgoing manager Pat Scheidel said managers seeking employment look for three-year contracts because it can take up to a full year to understand the ins and outs of the job. The second year allows the manager to “dive in and get some things done,” and the third year allows the boards to assess the manager's job performance.
“Lately, some selectboard members are looking to whittle that down to a two-year agreement,” Scheidel said. “That narrows the field. Three is a good, solid number and I think it's a fair number for both sides.”
While the boards slightly altered a few parts of MOU, the most notable change extended the timeframe for ending the agreement.
Previously required to issue 45 days' notice, the boards must now inform each other within 90 days before ending the contract.
The measure passed 9-1. Selectwoman Irene Wrenner offered the lone dissent by challenging the document's claim that a single manager can effectively serve the town and the village.
“That is not a true statement anymore,” they said.
Tyler said they would like to hear their reasoning at some point, to which Wrenner responded, “It's probably executive session material.”
TORONTO — A public opinion survey used to bolster claims of widespread support for a proposed nuclear waste bunker near Lake Huron was misleading and actually found little backing for the project, critics say.
While Ontario Power Generation stands by the poll of 805 people, critics insist an analysis shows the utility distorted its findings in submissions to the federal government.
Among other things, poll questions provided false or misleading assumptions designed to skew the response in favour of the deep geologic repository, they said.
Far from showing that a majority of people in Ontario support the repository, the poll actually shows most people oppose it, said Rod McLeod, with the group SOS Great Lakes.
"It is clear that OPG misrepresented the findings to the government, to the media and the public," said McLeod, a retired lawyer and former deputy minister of the environment. "They excel at alternative facts."
McLeod called it astounding how far OPG appeared willing to go to misrepresent data to the federal government, which has yet to decide if the project should proceed over the objections of hundreds of communities on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Kevin Powers, a spokesperson for OPG, stood by a survey they said was done by one of the top polling firms in the country. Its methodology was scientifically sound and the questions were ordered to prevent bias, they said.
Powers also said reference to its results amounted to just a "single paragraph" in a 700-page report to the government which was among 15,000 pages of evidence showing the project has been proven scientifically safe.
"The survey was intended to give us a clear understanding of what people thought about the (repository) not give us results that we wanted to hear," Powers said.
"We feel that geology, physics, geoscience and engineering — not opinion research — should guide decision making on this project."
In a recent submission to the federal minister of the environment, OPG cites the Gandalf Group survey as showing barely more than half of people in Ontario were even aware of the project. The utility then states that 60 per cent of those who had heard about it — based on "their initial understanding" of the project — were supportive.
Robin Palin, a public-relations consultant in Montreal who analyzed the survey, said the upshot of the poll is that it found 33 per cent support among respondents for a repository somewhere in the province.
"There are no other numbers in the entire poll that can be considered statistically-valid representations of Ontario public opinion," Palin said.
In addition, they said, survey participants were fed unsupportable statements favouring the project. One example was a statement that "experts from around the world, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, agree that this deep geologic repository will protect the environment from nuclear waste."
At best, the critics say, some international experts support the project but others believe such it would be unsafe, and that the American environmental agency has not actually expressed an opinion.
The Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency is currently examining the latest OPG submissions on whether there are better alternatives to digging the bunker in bedrock about 1.2 kilometres from Lake Huron.
The project, currently estimated to cost $2.4 billion, would see a bunker built at the Bruce nuclear power plant near Kincardine, Ont. Hundreds of thousands of cubic metres of low and intermediate radioactive waste — now stored at the site above ground — would be buried 680 metres deep.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
GCCI to focus on Sovereign Wealth Fund at public lecture today
As the Georgetown Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI) endeavours to make a significant contribution to the building of Guyana's oil and gas sector, the Chamber will be hosting a public lecture today.
Titled, “Sovereign Wealth Fund: What You Need to Know, Why and What Guyana Needs to Do,” the lecture is being delivered by Attorney-at-Law and Oil & Gas Consultant, Charles Ramson Jr. The event, which will also feature a panel discussion segment, is being held at Roraima Duke Lodge, and will begin at 17:00 hrs (5:00pm).
GCCI President, Deodat Indar yesterday noted that the Chamber is one of the first bodies that called the design, development and delivery of the first draft of the Sovereign Wealth Fund. “We made this call since early 2017.”
Indar said that the Chamber is “delighted that the Government of Guyana has taken significant steps towards the establishment of the fund.
The business person said that GCCI has a keen interest in ensuring general awareness in the business community about all aspects of the development of an oil industry.
“With that in mind, we decided to hold our first presentation on Sovereign Wealth Fund. This fund will play a key role in the safeguarding of our future oil revenues and it is important that all are informed about it.”
Indar said that the Chamber will continue to host public awareness sessions and “we look forward to working with all parties to make sure that Guyana gets the best from its natural resource and that our government will account for and spend the revenue in a responsible manner.”
On Pay Parity In Bollywood
"Investing money in a film is directly co-related to the people you are bringing to the theatre. I'm not delusional that the same number of viewers who go to watch Varun's movies will come to see my work. They have a wider reach than me."
Alia Bhatt Hits The Nail Right In The Head!
"That's why I can't expect that the same amount of money, which is invested in their solo-starrers, is invested in mine, too. Also, it's the subject that makes a film viable. We can't be categorical about everything because every actor and movie is different."
When Asked If They Are Okay To Reduce Them Fees
"Never say never, but I won't let go of a movie that I like because of remuneration."
Money Is Not Everything
"I'll find a way around it. I'll still do it because the emotional attachment to my work is way more than the monetary one," they summed it up to DNA.
On The Work Front
Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for their upcoming movies Gully Boy, Kalank and Brahmastra. All the three movies are scheduled to hit the theatres in 2019.
After emerging as the only Indian actor to feature on TIME's 100 influential people in the world, Bollywood's leading lady has now graced the cover of TINGS London.
Within a very short span of time Deepika Padukone has carved a place for themselves as one of the most talented celebrities not just in India but also globally. The testimony of their global imprints is not just the recent TIME's list, but also the TINGS London cover.
Termed as the Queen of 100 crores club, Deepika Padukone holds the most number of 7 100 crores films, while their recent outing Padmavat clocking 300 crores at the box office. With this Deepika was titled the first actor to have entered the 300 crore club with a woman led film.
Deepika commands the title of being the most commercially viable actor in the industry, in addition to being the highest paid actor.
The Superstar who has an incredible fan base not only in India but also the world is the most followed Asian woman on Twitter. With being proven as the most number of genuine followers on social media, Deepika Padukone is the reigning queen of Bollywood currently.
Deepika Padukone has also brought about a social change as they became the first actor to publicly address the condition of mental illness and their suffering from depression. The actor currently has been working towards creating awareness and supporting mental illness with their NGO, The Live Love Laugh Foundation (TLLF).
The actor also enjoys a huge fan following, a testimony of which is seen on their social media platforms with a follower base of more than 75 million.
On the work front, Deepika was last seen in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat opposite Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh.
By Andrew Kahn
College basketball fans were treated to some great non-conference matchups to start the season: Duke-Kansas, Carolina-Kentucky, Louisville-Kentucky, to name three. Now it's time for league play. Here are 10 of the best games, listed chronologically, to watch this season.
Note: All stats and records reflect games played through Tuesday, Dec. 27.
Villanova at Butler, Jan. 4
The Wildcats are currently No. 1 in the country and haven't lost since March 12, in the Big East championship. They visit Hinkle on the heels of a trip to Creighton, and neither game will be easy. Butler has already beaten Arizona and Indiana on neutral courts. Nova's Josh Hart, a senior, and Butler junior Kelan Martin are having monster seasons.
Kansas at West Virginia, Jan. 24
Kansas has won 12 straight Big 12 regular season championships, but has lost three straight in Morgantown. “Press Virginia” is in full effect this season: The Mountaineers are forcing turnovers on a ridiculous 35 percent of opponents' possessions, easily the best rate in the country. The Jayhawks have one of the best backcourts in the country in senior Frank Mason III and junior Devonte' Graham.
Kentucky at Florida, Feb. 4
It's Kentucky and everyone else in the SEC, but Florida probably has the best shot among league teams at beating the Wildcats this season (keep in mind South Carolina doesn't get UK at home). The Gators have not passed their bigger tests so far this season but they have balanced scoring—five players average between 9 and 14 points—and have kept opponents from running. If they can force Kentucky into a half-court game, they'll have a chance.
Indiana at Wisconsin, Feb. 5
The Badgers, Boilermakers, and Hoosiers have separated themselves atop the Big Ten in the nonconference (and are currently 14 through 16 in the polls). Indiana and Wisconsin played a one-point game and overtime game in two meetings last year. As is the case for all the games on this list, expect the home crowd to be rocking.
Louisville at Virginia, Feb. 6
The 15-team ACC is chock-full of exciting matchups, and this one certainly qualifies. Neither game between the Cards and Cavs figures to be high scoring—they are ranked 1 and 2 in KenPom's adjusted defensive efficiency—but there's plenty of talent on the court.
North Carolina at Duke, Feb. 9
Hard to imagine this matchup ever not being on a list like this. The game at Cameron gets the edge because of the atmosphere, though the treatment Grayson Allen receives on the road, assuming their suspension is lifted, is worth watching.
Oregon at UCLA, Feb. 9
Oregon's two losses are not bad (at Baylor; Georgetown in Maui) and Dillon Brooks missed the Baylor game and came off the bench for just 13 minutes against Georgetown, their first game back after having offseason foot surgery. If you've forgotten about the Ducks, you'll be reminded of them by the time they play the Bruins for the second time.
Gonzaga at Saint Mary's, Feb. 11
Saint Mary's swept the regular season series last year but lost in the West Coast Conference tournament finals and didn't make the NCAA Tournament. The Gaels can score with anyone, and the Zags have the talent to break through to the Final Four for the first time in program history.
Kansas at Baylor, Feb. 18
Baylor climbed to fourth in the country on the strength of several impressive nonconference wins. The Bears, like West Virginia, could pose a threat to Kansas' Big 12 title streak. Kansas has won eight straight in this matchup, including three head-to-head victories in each of the past two seasons.
Indiana at Purdue, Feb. 28
These two teams play in Bloomington on Feb. 9, but your viewing schedule is already booked that night. This in-state rivalry should not be overlooked, and a meeting this late in the season could have Big Ten title implications.
Andrew Kahn is a regular contributor to CBS Local. They write about college basketball and other sports at andrewjkahn.com and covers the Michigan basketball team for UMHoops.com. Email them at andrewjkahn@gmail.com and follow them on Twitter at @AndrewKahn
Video
The daughter of Sakineh Afrasiabi, who lived on the 18th floor of Grenfell Tower, has criticised Kensington and Chelsea Council's decision to house them so high in the tower block.
Nazanin Aghlani told the inquiry some 15 years ago the council ruled they should not be housed in a property above a fourth floor due to their deteriorating health.
But they suggested Ms Afrasiabi had moved to the North Kensington high rise out of "desperation and pressure" from RBKC.
As 2017 kicked off, and with the bulk of other global markets closed, Bitcoin took the stage, hitting a fresh milestone atop $1,000.
A single Bitcoin US:BTCUSD was trading at $1,013 early Monday, according to pricing data from Coin Market Cap. Other big exchanges such as Bitfinex, Kraken and Coinbsae showed the cryptocurrency topped $1,000 late Sunday, according to a report from Bitcoin.com.
The fresh high for Bitcoin, now trading at levels not seen since November 2013, has also pushed market capitalization records above $16 billion. The digital currency rose more than 100% in 2016, and some expect the price could reach as much as $3,000 in 2017.
The cryptocurrency looked set to reach $1,000 in the waning days of 2016, after taking out a key level above $800 in early December. MarketWatch's Joseph Adinolfi has noted that analysts have attributed a range of factors to bitcoin's strength, including increased adoption by professional investors and fears of instability surrounding the world's biggest economies.
Bitcoin's price has been climbing since the U.S. election results, which put upward pressure on the U.S. dollar. Among those who have been scooping up the cryptocurrency are the Chinese, as they seek protection from depreciation of the Chinese yuan, or the renminbi, which has been sliding in the face of a strong dollar.
Volumes on CrypotCompare show the extent of how much trade is being done via the Chinese currency:
On Monday, some were citing China once again as a factor behind bitcoin's rise.
Under current laws, Chinese citizens can exchange up to $50,000 worth of yuan a year, but some are worried that expectations for fresh outflows as the new year begins will force officials to make new moves on capital controls. That annual quota will reset on Tuesday, and some say there could be a rush for individuals to use up that limit upon the reopening of banks after the new year holiday.
Police investigated a homicide near just east of the U.S. 95 at Ann Road Friday night, according to Metro Police. (Photo: FastCam)
Police investigated a homicide near just east of the U.S. 95 at Ann Road Friday night, according to Metro Police.
Several streets in the area were blocked off as officers investigated the scene.
Police did not say what lead up to the homicide, nor whether any suspects were identified or in custody.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
EBS
Labour MEP Jude Kirton-Darling says that despite low unemployment levels, one in ten workers in the North-East of England is in precarious work.
The region is the UK's "capital of zero-hours contracts", they add.
They say the petitions committee heard evidence that zero-hours contracts fall within the remit of the EU's part-time workers directive, and calls for action.
Estonian Liberal Yana Toom says the shift to more flexible working patterns was "not forseen" in current EU legislation in this area.
"We need to adapt", they say - and calls for "gaps" in current laws to be closed.
Baby Switch: How a Mormon Family Dealt with the Fallout of a Decades Old Secret
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
A single line from the three-page typewritten letter leaped out at Maxine Fisher in July 2009. They read the words from a stranger over and over, stunned and numb with disbelief: “I have reason to believe you are my mother.”
The author of the letter, Gene Williams, wrote that there had been a mix-up in the Preston, Idaho, hospital 65 years earlier, and Maxine and another woman's babies had been switched.
Maxine, now 98, still lives at home by themselves on a quiet street in this northern Utah community.  They are lively, sharp and fiercely independent. Although skeptical of their claim that they could be their son, they said Gene's letter still shook them to the core.
“It was so ridiculous, I just couldn't believe it,” Maxine said. “Preston is a small town, and everybody knows everybody. I knew all the nurses by their first names, and I didn't think the nurses had switched my baby.”
They worried at first it might be a scam but still replied in careful penmanship on a single page.
“I wish the shock of it had put me in my grave,” they wrote back to Gene. “I'm crying, I'm shaking, walking around in a daze. I'm sick to my stomach, my mind's boggled. I can't face it but I can't disregard it.”
Maxine said their main concern was for their son, Rod. She'd raised them and been their mother for 65 years. If what this stranger Gene claimed in their letter was true, they didn't want to think about the impact on the tight-knit Fisher family.
To read the full article on the Deseret News, click here.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — The Democrat who was forced to resign as Ohio's attorney general amid a scandal in 2008 says they were an arrogant “jerk” in that job but has come a long way.
Marc Dann tells The Columbus Dispatch it's unlikely he'll run for office again, though they won't rule it out.
Dann resigned amid a sexual harassment scandal involving people in their office and later pleaded guilty to ethics violations involving campaign and transition funds.
The 55-year-old former state lawmaker from the Youngstown area acknowledges mistakes and says they can't blame anyone but himself. They eventually regained their suspended law license and now represents people with foreclosure and bankruptcy problems.
Discussing their work now and their family, Dann says they don't want to screw up the good things in their life.
After emerging as the only Indian actor to feature on TIME's 100 influential people in the world, Bollywood's leading lady has now graced the cover of TINGS London.
Within a very short span of time Deepika Padukone has carved a place for themselves as one of the most talented celebrities not just in India but also globally. The testimony of their global imprints is not just the recent TIME's list, but also the TINGS London cover.
Termed as the Queen of 100 crores club, Deepika Padukone holds the most number of 7 100 crores films, while their recent outing Padmavat clocking 300 crores at the box office. With this Deepika was titled the first actor to have entered the 300 crore club with a woman led film.
Deepika commands the title of being the most commercially viable actor in the industry, in addition to being the highest paid actor.
The Superstar who has an incredible fan base not only in India but also the world is the most followed Asian woman on Twitter. With being proven as the most number of genuine followers on social media, Deepika Padukone is the reigning queen of Bollywood currently.
Deepika Padukone has also brought about a social change as they became the first actor to publicly address the condition of mental illness and their suffering from depression. The actor currently has been working towards creating awareness and supporting mental illness with their NGO, The Live Love Laugh Foundation (TLLF).
The actor also enjoys a huge fan following, a testimony of which is seen on their social media platforms with a follower base of more than 75 million.
On the work front, Deepika was last seen in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat opposite Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh.
NR Boost
Limericks by Bob Aldrich It is time to watch out for the flu.
We have that autumn shot to go through.
Before vaccination
Prevent incubation.
Use the crook of your arm for achoo.
Storms Harvey, Irma and Maria -
Of their power we had no idea.
What if we could direct
Their destructive effect
As cyclones over North Korea?
There once was a race driver named Brett
Who had wanted to buy a Corvette
But their searching they quit
When their dreams didn't fit
Its dimensions of height, width and debt
Myanmar's government has vowed to take action against police officers shown beating villagers in a video that has circulated on the internet.
Monday's front-page story in the state-owned Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper about the Nov. 5 incident was a rare official acknowledgment of abuses taking place in the western state of Rakhine. The authorities have been conducting counterinsurgency operations there since an attack in October by unidentified armed men killed nine border guards.
Human rights groups accuse security forces of abuses against the Muslim Rohingya minority in Rakhine, including rape, killings and the burning of more than 1,000 homes.
Monday's story, which cited the office of State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and police, did not say what punishment the police might face.
Unhappy Antonio Conte admits Chelsea are battling to secure their Champions League future and warned of a "bad surprise" if their side do not raise their game.
A 1-0 loss at West Ham last Saturday and Manchester City's win in the Manchester derby on Sunday saw Chelsea slip 14 points behind Pep Guardiola's leaders.
After a fourth loss in 16 games, Conte thinks a title challenge is now all but over and spoke of a revised target ahead of Tuesday's Premier League clash at Huddersfield.
"I'm not happy because the last game we lost against West Ham. I like to win. When we lose I'm not happy," Conte said.
"In 16 games we lost four games. My experience tells (me) it's impossible to win the title. Now we must be focused in the league to go game by game, to do our best.
"This league is not simple. We have to fight to find a place in the Champions League. (But) we must be very realistic to understand that this league is very dangerous.
"We have to go game by game, play every game with 120 per cent of our strength, otherwise we risk to have a bad surprise at the end of the season."
Conte's focus is on the immediate future and not the Champions League last-16 tie with Barcelona. They have continually bemoaned a lack of transfer activity last summer, when they watched rivals City and Manchester United strengthen their squads.
But the Italian is seeking an immediate response and is not relying on new recruits in January's winter transfer window to improve Chelsea's fortunes.
"It's important to find a solution in this moment and not to look too far (ahead)," they added.
"There are many games (before the transfer window opens). We have to find a solution early."
Midfielder Danny Drinkwater missed the West Ham loss through illness, while defender David Luiz is being monitored over their knee injury.
Conte is likely to make changes for the trip to Huddersfield. Midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko was substituted at half-time at the London Stadium and striker Alvaro Morata was replaced 10 minutes into the second half and both could be in need of a rest.
And Conte, who repeated their Chelsea side are rebuilding after the departures of the likes of John Terry and Frank Lampard in recent seasons, says it is important the summer arrivals are given time to bed in.
They added: "New players need a bit of time to adapt themselves to our idea of football, to adapt themselves in this league.
"This is not simple. The most important thing is to have the will to work and to try to improve every day."
When the Orlando Magic hired Rob Hennigan in 2012 as the youngest general manager in the NBA, they drew praise for taking a risk and hiring one of the brightest young minds in basketball.
Hennigan then turned around and traded franchise superstar Dwight Howard — and somehow clearly won a four-team trade for the ages. The assets the Magic received in the Howard trade set them up for a bright future with tons of trade bait and potential “lottery tickets” — high-upside players and draft picks that could prove very valuable with a good break or two. I mean, let's just look at the Basketball-Reference.com transaction report, as we italicize everything going to the Magic:
As part of a 4-team trade, the Orlando Magic traded Jason Richardson to the Philadelphia 76ers; the Orlando Magic traded Earl Clark, Chris Duhon and Dwight Howard to the Los Angeles Lakers; the Denver Nuggets traded Arron Afflalo, Al Harrington, a 2013 2nd round draft pick (Romero Osby was later selected) and a 2014 1st round draft pick (Dario Saric was later selected) to the Orlando Magic; the Los Angeles Lakers traded Christian Eyenga, Josh McRoberts and a 2017 1st round draft pick to the Orlando Magic; the Los Angeles Lakers traded Andrew Bynum to the Philadelphia 76ers; the Philadelphia 76ers traded Andre Iguodala to the Denver Nuggets; and the Philadelphia 76ers traded Maurice Harkless, Nikola Vucevic and a future 1st round draft pick to the Orlando Magic. Denver will send the lower of its two 2014 first round draft picks to Orlando.
Instead, the Magic find themselves mired in their fifth consecutive losing season under Hennigan. And their trade Tuesday of their best player, Serge Ibaka, to the Raptors for Terrence Ross and a late first-rounder highlights that this franchise is not winning now.
It's the latest in an ugly string of trades that essential equates to straight-up talent attrition. If the Magic had simply kept all the pieces they had acquired, they'd have a deep, young team that looks like an Eastern Conference version of the rising Utah Jazz. Instead, they have a mess.
That's the result of losing almost every trade you're in for 4½ years. The failure on the trade market has been compounded by free agency mistakes and low-upside drafting in a way that has the Magic staggering for an identity and slipping to the second-to-last spot in the Eastern Conference.
But we're here to talk about trades, so let's look back at every important deal they've made since Howard, in chronological order:
J.J. Redick to the Bucks
Traded Feb. 21, 2013, with Gustavo Ayon and Ish Smith, for Tobias Harris, Doron Lamb, Beno Udrih and cash.
How it looked then: This one was widely praised, especially because the positives of the Howard trade already were becoming obvious. Redick was viewed as not getting any better, while Harris had a ton of talent and immediately showed it off with a huge finish to the season.
How it looks now: Now that they've dumped Harris for nothing (see below), this one looks less than great. Redick kept getting better and now is one of the best shooting guards in the NBA, and Smith has carved out a nice niche as a premier backup point guard.
Grade: C+
Dario Saric to the 76ers
Traded June 26, 2014, as the No. 12 overall pick with a heavily protected first-rounder for No. 10 pick Elfrid Payton.
How it looked then: Like the 76ers, who didn't want Payton, put the squeeze on the Magic, who desperately did.
How it looks now: Saric is having a solid rookie season with plenty of potential left. Payton looks like a really good backup point guard. Right now he's the better player, but most people would take Saric if they had to do it again — even ignoring the pick that was essentially the Sixers taking back a future pick they owed.
Grade: C
Arron Afflalo to the Nuggets
Traded June 27, 2014, for Evan Fournier and Devyn Marble.
How it looked then: This move seemed to help both teams. Afflalo had developed into a very strong starting-caliber shooting guard and was returning to the Nuggets, while Fournier had a lot of potential.
How it looks now: Every rule has an exception. Fournier has been better than Afflalo, plain and simple, since this trade, as Afflalo has played for four teams in three years.
Grade: A-
Moe Harkless to the Trail Blazers
Traded July 14, 2015, for a 2020 second-round pick that probably won't even come over.
How it looked then: Absurdly frugal. Harkless was 22 and had shown promise before an injured third season.
How it looks now: Still absurdly frugal. Harkless might be the Blazers' third-best player, emerging as a committed defender and regular starting small forward. The Blazers are better than the Magic. The Magic's biggest position of weakness is small forward.
Grade: F
Channing Frye to the Cavaliers
Traded as part of a three-team deal on Feb. 18, 2016, for a 2016 second-round pick and Jared Cunningham (who was immediately waived).
How it looked then: Frye didn't fit with the Magic's future, but to get next-to-nothing for a valuable stretch-shooting big man was surprising. Mostly, people focused on the Blazers taking on Anderson Varejao's contract.
How it looks now: Frye has been revitalized with the Cavaliers and shown that they probably could have helped enough other contenders that the Magic might have gotten more for him.
Grade: C
Tobias Harris to the Pistons
Traded Feb. 16, 2016, for Ersan Ilyasova and Brandon Jennings.
How it looked then: The Magic made a salary dump and sent a 23-year-old talented scorer away for nothing.
How it looks now: Harris boosted their shooting percentages in Detroit and has become a very effective offensive combo forward. Ilyasova became trade filler, and Jennings left in free agency after the season. The Magic used almost the same salary they would have paid Harris to pay Jeff Green, who is much, much worse in the same role.
Grade: F
Victor Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis to the Thunder
Traded June 23, 2016, with Ersan Ilyasova, for Serge Ibaka.
How it looked then: Like an overpay. Oladipo had plenty of promise, and Sabonis was the No. 11 overall pick. Ibaka, meanwhile, was good enough to justify that cost except that they also are set to become a free agent after the season.
How it looks now: Tuesday's trade of Ibaka — as Oladipo and Sabonis both start for the playoff-bound Thunder — highlights how lopsided this deal was.
Grade: D
Serge Ibaka to the Raptors
Traded Feb. 14, 2017, for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-rounder.
How it looked then: Like the Raptors called the Magic's bluff on their confidence in re-signing Ibaka.
How it looks now: We'll see.
Grade: Not applicable yet, but probably not good.
The Northern Ireland Renewables Industry Group (NIRIG) will today publish a strategy to decarbonise the country's energy sector by 2050, while promoting economic development and keeping costs low for consumers.
The strategy will recommend a range of measures to provide long-term policy certainty, including setting the 2050 target for decarbonisation.
Related Stories Gaelectric man takes NIRIG reins
31 Jan 2014 Research is also being commissioned into setting an interim goal of 70% by 2030, NIRIG said.
“A review of the impact of Brexit on energy policy is needed urgently, along with a renewed focus on the skills and innovation that will build the systems of the future,” the group added.
NIRIG chair Rachel Anderson said: “There's an urgent need to plan for the post-2020 world in which clean energy will be an engine for economic growth.
“A more diverse, flexible energy mix will increase energy security, as well as generating cheap power for consumers. This brings enormous economic opportunities to Northern Ireland by attracting regional investment, promoting innovation and developing skills.”
Image: Pixabay
For the better part of a month, soccer fans have started their day by turning on the World Cup games, but fans will not have that luxury today. The World Cup is on a rare off day on what happens to be the July 4th holiday in the United States. Fans will have to wait until Friday, July 6th to see the next round of World Cup games.
The tournament is down to just eight teams: Uruguay, France, Brazil, Belgium, Sweden, England, Russia and Croatia. The quarterfinal matchups take place on July 6-7, and we will be down to just four teams after this weekend as we turn to the semifinals. It has been an exciting World Cup with three matches already going into penalty kicks since the Round of 16 began. We've also seen upsets with Germany, Argentina and Spain all exiting the tournament sooner than many expected.
Uruguay and France kick things off on Friday. According to OddsShark, France is favored in the odds at -104, while Uruguay is an underdog with +280 odds to get a victory. Brazil takes on Belgium Friday afternoon in one of the most intriguing matchups on the slate. Brazil is a slight favorite at +110, while Belgium has +235 odds to get an upset victory.
England and Sweden are the early game on Saturday. England was able to advance thanks a narrow victory with penalty kicks over Colombia. Both Russia and Croatia also needed penalty kicks to advance in their Round of 16 games. Croatia is a +122 favorite over host Russia, who has +240 odds to advance.
England has a difficult history when it comes to penalty kicks, but was able to put to rest any talk of a curse as they advanced against Colombia. It has been a World Cup of close matches, and some believe we are witnessing a historic tournament. Sports Illustrated's Grant Wahl explained how the England-Colombia finish was representative of what we have witnessed so far during the 2018 World Cup.
In the craziest World Cup of modern times, it makes perfect sense that even England would find a way to advance on penalties for once—even though Colombia had an advantage after three rounds. What a World Cup. An ill-tempered game that saw a Harry Kane penalty and another stoppage-time stunner (this time by Yerry Mina) went to a dramatic spot kick resolution that saw Kane convert their fourth penalty in four tries in Russia and Eric Dier hit their fifth-round kick for the win.
In a little over a week, a champion will be crowned in what has been an eventful month-long tournament. From a grueling group stage to advancing from the Round of 16, each of the remaining eight teams are three wins away from winning the World Cup.
Here's a look at the remaining World Cup schedule.
World Cup TV Schedule
Fences is less a film adaptation of the August Wilson play and more a chance for those that missed Denzel Washington and Viola Davis' Broadway run to see them work their magic together in these roles.
Choosing not to sprinkle some Hollywood over proceedings, it feels very much like a theatre experience, in the best possible way. Though, I will say that forgoing an intermission makes the feature that bit too drawn out.
Fence tells the story of Troy Maxson (Washington), a man living in the 1950s Pittburgh with their wife Rose (Davis) and their son Cory (Adepo) while their extended family come and go.
Working by day as a waste collector for the area, Troy spends their evenings discussing racial discrimination, lamenting their failed baseball career and drinking with their best friend.  They are bitter, proud, stubborn and – a rarity for a Washington role – unlikeable. But they are real; he's human, they have flaws, they try their best – though often misguidedly – and they hurt those they love.
Rose is their perfect counter; they are dignified, inspirational and a pillar of strength. They forgive, they love, they work hard, and they put their family first. For me, this is Rose's story more than Troy's, and it is Davis' film not Washington's in terms of performance.
Where the Academy surely has Davis' name already engraved on the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress, despite Washington's shock Screen Actors' Guild Award win (even more shockingly, their first ever) over Casey Affleck (Manchester By The Sea), the Oscar should not be theirs this year, though the nomination is well deserved.
Davis is simply stellar.
But Fences is not only an acting master class from Washington and Davis; every actor on the screen is brilliantly cast and performs to the top of their game, with Williamson in particular tugging at the heartstrings.
An insight into the human psyche; how love can bring out the best and worst in people, how trust can so easily be thrown away, and how we can take those we care most about for granted, watching Fences is often an emotional experience.
There's a universality to the Maxson's story that is sure to resonate with audiences everywhere and I found myself moved to tears more than once.
Sinead Brennan
Watch our interview with Viola Davis here:
Kelly, McCoy, Baalke latest to feel the NFL ax
hello
Denver Broncos coach Gary Kubiak waves as they walk off the field after the team's NFL football game against the Oakland Raiders, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Denver. The Broncos won 24-6. Associated Press
San Francisco 49ers coach Chip Kelly speaks at a news conference after the team's NFL football game against the Seattle Seahawks in Santa Clara, Calif., Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
San Diego Chargers head coach Mike McCoy reacts during the second half of an NFL football game against the Kansas City Chiefs, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in San Diego. Associated Press
Bono and the guys in U2 are big football fans, as in soccer.
So when they sang about "Sunday Bloody Sunday" and "New Year's Day," they had no intention of describing the end of the 2016 NFL season.
Yet, the firings of Chip Kelly and Trent Baalke in San Francisco, Mike McCoy in San Diego, and the resignation of Gary Kubiak for health reasons in Denver certainly rang true to those rock classics.
Usually, the axings take place the day after the regular season concludes. Except, of course, for the teams in a rush to get into the personnel market extra early, which in '16 were the Jaguars (Gus Bradley), Rams (Jeff Fisher) and Bills (Rex Ryan).
On Sunday, while other franchises were scrambling to make the playoffs or improve their postseason standing, the coaching carousel spun wildly in California. With Fisher already canned in Los Angeles, Kelly and McCoy became unemployed within an hour of each other.
Both moves were predictable, as was the release of Baalke, whose success as a GM with the 49ers now, it's clear, was dependent on how Jim Harbaugh molded and improved the players Baalke gave him. Baalke won a power struggle with Harbaugh, who headed to Michigan. The Niners became historically bad without him, and Baalke's choice of Kelly to work with such a weak roster looks worse than hiring caretaker Jim Tomsula after Harbaugh left. At least Tomsula went 5-11, three more victories than Kelly managed.
Indeed, their only wins in a 2-14 record came against the Rams, so maybe LA owner Stan Kroenke will turn to Kelly.
Don't count on it.
"Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary," 49ers CEO Jed York said in a statement. "The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team."
The new direction for the Chargers looks like it will be north a bit to become a tenant of Kroenke and the Rams in the new Inglewood, California palace that will open in a few years. McCoy's team lost its last five games and finished second for two straight seasons in the tough AFC West. Injuries tore it apart, too, but with the focus on whether the Chargers would move to LA, it was hard to judge what kind of job McCoy was doing.
Apparently Chargers chairperson Dean Spanos wants a totally fresh start when the club abandons its long-time home.
Which means both of the new teams in Los Angeles, which was without the NFL since 1995 until the Rams moved back last year, will be riding the coaching carousel.
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton? What about Bears coach John Fox?
Safe for another year are Todd Bowles and Mike Maccagnan, who the Jets are bringing back. And Cleveland coach Hue Jackson, despite a 1-15 record. And Marvin Lewis despite the meltdown in Cincinnati.
The saddest news comes from Denver. Never was there a question about Gary Kubiak returning after leading the Broncos to their Super Bowl win last February. But Kubiak's health issues forced them to step aside, disappointing fans, players and John Elway alike.
"We love Kube, we love how they treated us," said cornerback Aqib Talib. "We pray they get healthy."
Denver won't have any trouble filling Kubiak's spot. One of the hot candidates, for example, is Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, son of Mike Shanahan, who coached Elway to two Super Bowl championships.
Given how well Kubiak fit in the Broncos' family, such a hire makes a lot of sense.
Then again, sensibility isn't always a criterion in NFL coaching circles.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Rozner: Young American pals dominating golf
hello
Rickie Fowler watches their tee shot on the third hole during the third round of the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C.
Justin Thomas celebrates after the final round of the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C.
Rickie Fowler is quickly rising to the top of the charts of the "Best Golfer Never to Win a Major."
At the ripe old age of 28, he's certainly in the top three.
It's still a 5-iron from 44-year-old Lee Westwood, who has missed their chance. Westwood has 18 top 10s in majors, nine top 3s and three second-place finishes.
They will probably retire with the title.
Fowler already has eight top 10s, including four top 5s in 2014 when they finished second twice.
It has to happen sooner or later.
Fowler had an excellent chance to win three of the four this year, including over the weekend at Quail Hollow, when they used a big Sunday charge to get within striking distance. Just 3 shots back, it was another tie for fifth.
But rather than sulk about the PGA Championship, wonder why it hasn't happened or ponder the back nine on Saturday when they played the Green Mile -- the last three holes -- in 4 over par, hitting their tee shot on the par-3 17th short and in the water, Fowler hung around after their round Sunday and waited for their pal Justin Thomas to tap in on 18 and win their first major.
And this is nothing new.
This has become a thing on the PGA Tour, where the best young Americans -- the Brat Pack, if you will -- have become very good friends, and after trying to best one another on the course, to achieve the dream of a lifetime, they wait for their pals to walk up 18 and finish off tournaments.
Opponents on the course, these guys live together, travel together, take vacations together, rent houses together and then root for one another in groups if they can't win it themselves.
Among those who waited for Thomas to finish Sunday -- and then celebrated with them -- were Fowler, Jordan Spieth and Bud Cauley, the latter of which finished their round before Thomas even put a peg in the ground Sunday.
"It's a good rivalry between all the young guys," Fowler told reporters behind the 18th green. "We're all good friends. We all travel together. We all play practice rounds together.
"JT and I live right down the street from each other. It's only going to push me harder to go beat them up the next time we tee it up."
It's a scene that's been repeated over and over again, including at the Open Championship last month when so many of Spieth's friends met them behind the 18th green.
"It's awesome and I think they know I would do the same for them," Thomas said Sunday night. "It's a cool little friendship we have.
"I just didn't believe Bud Cauley stayed around. He's one of my best friends. We live together in Florida. I was about 10 minutes from going to tee off and they were walking off to go sign theirs scorecard.
"So they hung around for 18 holes, not knowing what could happen."
Many of them are referred to as the high school class of 2011. While you ponder that for a moment, there are currently 10 players on Tour from that class.
Thomas is in that group, as is Spieth, Ollie Schniederjans and Daniel Berger, to name just a few.
"We've been playing (against each other) since we were 12 or 13 years old," Spieth said earlier this year in Hawaii. "Whether we believed it was as hard as it is or not, we just chose to shrug it off, and (say) hey, 'We're just going to go to the next level and the next level.' "
This will be known as the "Tiger Wave," the players in their 20s and 30s who got into the game while watching a guy named Tiger Woods.
"I'd say it's because of him, honestly," Thomas said. "I think what Tiger did, you can't put into words what they did and continues to do for this game. I got into golf, as much as I did, watching them play in their early 20s and winning majors."
And now Thomas has won their first, with all those young Americans by their side to drink from the trophy after it was over.
"I think that kind of shows where the game is right now," said Thomas, who won back to back in Hawaii to start the year, carding a 59 at Waialae. "Obviously, we all want to win. We want to beat the other person.
"But if we can't win, we at least want to enjoy it with our friends. I think we'll all be able to enjoy this together, and I know it's going to make them hungrier, just like it did me."
Spieth and Thomas won majors this year. Spieth, Thomas and Fowler are all in the top 10 of the Official World Golf Rankings. And Thomas, Spieth, Fowler and Berger are all in the top 10 of the FedEx Cup Standings.
Those four have combined for 9 victories this season.
They are young, fearless and talented. They have taken over the game, and they are all friends.
It's a new era and a different way of viewing the world.
And for these guys, it works.
brozner@dailyherald.com
• Listen to Barry Rozner from 9 a.m. to noon Sundays on the Score's "Hit and Run" show at WSCR 670-AM and follow them @BarryRozner on Twitter.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — For the first time in five years, the state of Indiana has updated its Big Tree Register.
The Indiana Department of Natural Resources on Tuesday said the register is now available here. It's published every five years and lists the largest tree of every native species in Indiana.
Among the biggest trees in Indiana are a 155-foot-tall hickory bitternut in Perry County. It has a 130-inch trunk circumference.
State experts say the biggest trees are found in open areas like yards, fields or cemeteries because trees don't have to compete for water and sunlight and can grow to their largest potential.
Nominations for the register opened in 2015. Several species don't have entries because they haven't received nominations.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Janhvi Kapoor Was Quoted As Saying
"As for my Instagram, I used to have a private profile and then I was told I need to open it up, so I deleted everything to start from the beginning," said Janhvi Kapoor.
On The Work Front
Janhvi Kapoor is all geared up for the release of their upcoming debut movie Dhadak.  They are paired alongside Ishaan Khatter in the movie.
Full On Promotions
Janhvi Kapoor is all over the place promoting their movie Dhadak along with Ishaan Khatter. The duo was spotted in several malls all across Mumbai and shook a leg with the fans as well.
High Energy Janhvi
Going by the way how Janhvi Kapoor is promoting their upcoming movie, we can assume that they are taking their work seriously and is filled with high energy!
Grand Release Of Dhadak
Dhadak, which is a remake of the superhit Marathi movie Sairat, is all set to hit the theatres on July 20,2018.
Monday, July 2
Barnes County Senior Center Advisory Board meets at 9:30 a.m. and a whist tournament is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City Barnes County Public Library concert with Joe DeMasi is at 2 p.m.
Tuesday, July 3
Barnes County Senior Center pinochle is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City Barnes County Public Library kids movie “Finding Dory” will be shown at 2 p.m. and the Deconstruction Program is at 5 p.m.
Wednesday, July 4
The Valley City Barnes County Public Library is closed in observance of Independence Day.
Barnes County Courthouse will be closed in observance of Independence Day. The Sheriff and Barnes County Jail will remain staffed.
The Times-Record office will be closed and there will be no paper in observance of Independence Day.
Barnes County Senior Center is closed in observance of Independence Day.
An Independence Day celebration, featuring a parade, demolition derby and fireworks show, will be held in Sanborn.
Music in the Park featuring the Traveling Museum of Music will be held at 7:15 p.m. in Valley City's City Park. Attendees should bring their own lawnchair. In the event of inclement weather, the program will be relocated to the Vault Coffee Shop on Central Avenue.
Thursday, July 5
The Valley City Barnes County Public Library Make N Take Squirt Gun Painting is at 10:30 a.m. and Live Angry Birds is at 4 p.m.
Downtown Arts Market will be held in the Hansen Arts Park in downtown Jamestown from 5 to 9 p.m. More information can be found at www.jamestownarts.com.
Barnes County Senior Center supper night featuring BBQ chicken is at 5:30 p.m. There will be no entertainment.
Friday, July 6
Barnes County Senior Center bone builders exercise is at 9:30 a.m. and bingo is at 1 p.m.
The Valley City Barnes County Public Library Music and Movement is at 10:30 a.m.
Saturday, July 7
The Sheyenne River Valley Chapter of the North Country Trail Association will host a Lake Ashtabula Hike. Interested participants should meet at the Rosebud Visitors Center in Valley City at 9 a.m. to carpool to the Karnak High Bridge for a hike south to Sibley. Participants will have lunch on their own after the hike.
A spaghetti supper, silent auction, Norwegian auction and bake sale benefit for Bruce Lovell will be held from 5 to 7 p.m. at the Valley City Eagles Club.
Saturday, July 7 and Sunday, July 8
Summer Sodbusters Days will be held at Fort Ransom State Park.
The council voted Tuesday to hold a public hearing on the proposed ordinance during that meeting. As part of that motion, they voted to send out a 30-day written notice of the meeting to discuss the proposed ordinance changes to all local tobacco vendors.
The 30-day notice is required by law before any changes to the existing ordinance can be enacted, said City Attorney Charles Ramstad. However, the council is not obligated to approve the new ordinance at that time.
Ramstad also gave a brief overview of the proposed ordinance during Tuesday's council meeting, noting that it would put vaping products and e-cigarettes "on an equal footing" with tobacco products when it came to local regulation and enforcement.
Ramstad also cited several reasons why the ordinance needs to be looked at closely. They highlighted the fact that if the ordinance was put in place, someone under the age of 21 could, theoretically, get in trouble for buying cigarettes to sell at their business.
So far, only two cities in Minnesota, Edina and St. Louis Park, have put into place a measure like this. Four states, California, Hawaii, Maine, and Oregon have approved it.
Locally, the "Tobacco 21" initiative has been spearheaded by Becker County Energize and PartnerSHIP 4 Health; opposition has mainly come from vaping proponents. Several representatives from both sides of the sociological divide — sporting t-shirts that publicly proclaimed their views — were present at Tuesday's council meeting, but Mayor Matt Brenk elected not to take public commentary at that meeting, stating that the Sept. 12 hearing would be the proper venue to hear input on the proposed ordinance.
City councils in Frazee and Perham have also been part of the local Tobacco 21 push, which is part of a nationwide effort to prevent young people from getting hooked on tobacco.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Guns and bulletproof vests will be seen alongside the usual array of summer dresses and top hats as security is heightened at Royal Ascot.
The hugely popular event, which is attended by The Queen (although they may be forced to miss part of the event this year), will see an increased presence of armed and uniformed police in the wake of three terror attacks in London and Manchester this year.
Visitors to the event, which starts on Monday, June 19, and runs until Saturday, June 24, can expect to be searched on arrival and even inspected by police dogs.
A Royal Ascot spokesperson said: "As a major national event, we naturally take the security of our customers very seriously and are conscious of events around us.
"The security programme that is implemented at Royal Ascot is the product of the continued work and liaison with the police and security services.
"Every effort is being made to protect the safety of our guests and staff at this time, and in the context of recent events.
"This year there will be an increased presence of armed and uniformed police in the vicinity of, and on, site and additional security dog, bag and physical searching at all entrances with regular patrols across our site including the car parks.
"Customers, their guests and all visitors are advised to expect delays at entrances as a result and to plan their travel arrangements accordingly.”
TROY — Black History Month was ushered in in Troy at Lincoln Community Center on Thursday with a special program entitled, “The Next Generation.”
“This is our Black History Month kick-off,” confirmed executive director Shane Carter. “We always do it on February 1. What it's about and represents is the importance of black history in the community of Troy, and keeping the kids intact with their roots and their heritage. This is important for kids this time of year, so they understand where we come from, where we're going, and to remember the people who did so much for them.”
The program was put on by participating youth of the center's After-School Enrichment program, and included oral presentations on local black history, a skit that featured Martin Luther King's named used as an acronym, and a sign-language performance of “My Country ‘Tis of Thee.”
Carter themselves addressed the crowd with a bit of history on the center, which has operated in Troy since 1865.
“At that time, America was definitely very segregated, but Troy was progressive in that there was a building here that African-Americans could utilize,” Carter said. “We're fortunate that in 2018, we're still doing well, and have a lot of programs for kids of all colors and ethnicities. We try our best to be a true multicultural center.”
Carter also took a moment to acknowledge the recent passing of the center's former director, Alphas Wicker.
“He passed away on Monday at 9:30 a.m.,” Carter said. “He was the director here from 1971 until 2007. They were an inspiration to a lot of our lives. They sacrificed a lot for many people. They were responsible for getting child care up-and-running. They put in the handicap ramp to allow people to get into the building. It was sad that they passed, and we want to embrace them for all they did they for this community.”
Following the program, refreshments were served to those in attendance.
The program served as a lead-in for other upcoming Black History Month events, including a “Soul Food and Jazz” event held at Lincoln Community Center on Saturday, Feb. 24.
For more information, visit www.lcctroy.com, or find Lincoln Community Center on Facebook.
Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Left to right, Kylon Davis, Caleb Lanum, Sophie Lanum, Savannah Salas, Jayden Hackney, Orlando Savage, Nigel Lee, Jayden Dixon, Tayshaun Warner, Paishance Morton, and Jomarie Clements participate in a sign-language performance of “My Country ‘Tis of Thee” on Thursday at the Lincoln Community Center in Troy. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_MLKNextGen1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Left to right, Kylon Davis, Caleb Lanum, Sophie Lanum, Savannah Salas, Jayden Hackney, Orlando Savage, Nigel Lee, Jayden Dixon, Tayshaun Warner, Paishance Morton, and Jomarie Clements participate in a sign-language performance of “My Country ‘Tis of Thee” on Thursday at the Lincoln Community Center in Troy. Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Executive director Shane Carter assists Nasir Clements with an oral presentation on local black history on Thursday at Lincoln Community Center in Troy. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_MLKNextGen2.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Executive director Shane Carter assists Nasir Clements with an oral presentation on local black history on Thursday at Lincoln Community Center in Troy.
DENMARK – There are far more questions than answers in the disappearance of journalist Kim Wall, who hasn't been heard from since they boarded Peter Madsen's now-sunken submarine Thursday night on Denmark's Refshaleoen island.
The sub has since been raised, and Wall's body wasn't in it. Madsen isn't contesting a court decision to keep them in custody for up to 24 days as Danish police investigate, and while they have been charged with killing Wall by unknown means, their lawyer has denied they had anything to do with them vanishing.
The Local quotes a Sunday press conference with the Copenhagen Police deputy chief inspector, who said Madsen's story has changed, from initially telling officials they dropped Wall off at 10:30pm Thursday night on the island to another unspecified explanation since.
The Guardian reports Madsen says they spent about three hours on their Nautilus sub, the largest privately made one in the world at the time of its 2008 launch; the Swedish journalist, who divides their time between New York and Beijing, was doing a profile on Madsen.
The Local also picks up a report from a Swedish tabloid that cites a witness who said Madsen's sub was seen sailing without its lights on some two hours before Wall's partner reported the vessel as missing around 2:30am Friday.
“There was very nearly a collision” between the sub and a freighter, per the witness. The Washington Post describes Wall as accomplished—the London School of Economics and Columbia University grad wrote for the New York Times, Guardian, and Atlantic, among others—and recounts their travels to Pyongyang, Sri Lanka, and the Marshall Islands for stories.
Journalist Kim Wall remains missing: "Denmark should not be considered a dangerous assignment for journalists." https://t.co/GO8bBuK5RP — CPJ (@pressfreedom) August 12, 2017
This article originally appeared on Newser: They Vanished After Boarding Their Sub. Now, Their Story Changes
More From Newser:
WASHINGTON — The 2017 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee said ICAN was receiving the award for its “work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.”
Nobel committee president Berit Reiss-Andersen praised the work of ICAN at a time when tensions remain high over North Korea's nuclear weapons testing and as the Iran nuclear deal has been called into question by US President Donald Trump.
“Some states are modernizing their nuclear arsenals, and there is a real danger that more countries will try to procure nuclear weapons, as exemplified by North Korea,” Andersen said.
“Nuclear weapons pose a constant threat to humanity and all life on earth. Through binding international agreements, the international community has previously adopted prohibitions against land mines, cluster munitions and biological and chemical weapons. Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition.”
ICAN, a coalition of non-governmental organizations in 100 countries, said that it was a “great honor” to have been recognized for its role as a driving force behind the United Nations Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted on July 7 with the support of 122 nations.
The treaty prohibits a catalog of nuclear activity, including undertaking development, testing, production, manufacturing, acquiring, possessing or stockpiling nuclear weapons.
The United States, United Kingdom, France, Russia and China — the five permanent members of the UN Security Council, all of which have nuclear arsenals — did not participate in the treaty negotiations.
“The belief of some governments that nuclear weapons are a legitimate and essential source of security is not only misguided, but also dangerous, for it incites proliferation and undermines disarmament,” ICAN said in a statement. ” All nations should reject these weapons completely — before they are ever used again.
“This is a time of great global tension, when fiery rhetoric could all too easily lead us, inexorably, to unspeakable horror.
“The specter of nuclear conflict looms large once more. If ever there were a moment for nations to declare their unequivocal opposition to nuclear weapons, that moment is now.”
Beatrice Fihn, the organization's chief executive, was left stunned by the announcement, telling reporters they thought it was a “prank” after receiving a phone call from the Nobel Committee just moments before the announcement.
But they said the award of the prize to their organization was “hugely important” in the quest to abolish nuclear weapons.
“I think it's hugely important that we raise awareness of this issue and this treaty, the treaty on prohibition of nuclear weapons, has declared that kind of behavior illegal,” they told reporters in Geneva.
“The prize sends a very strong signal that this is unacceptable, you have to stop and you have to join the majority of states in the world that have concluded that this is unacceptable and illegal.”
 They are a professional musician who is making a name on the streets as a freestyle rapper. Tihei Harawira has ambitions of taking this art form all the way to the top. This week Te Kāea caught up with them on the street in Paihia.
"Paihia for me is like a real tourist attraction and meeting a lot of fans like how you saw with people from Australia and all around the world,” says Tihei. “I love entertaining my fans from Kaitaia to Paihia to Kerikeri to Otara everywhere."
Tihei shared with us that they suffer from autism and we also witnessed their amazing ability to immediately access information and facts, akin to having a photographic memory. It's a gift that proves very handy when making up lyrics on the spot for paying customers or as they call it “freestyling”.
They say, "I've only been busking for six years and in that time I've been to two touch world cups three state cups two Rarotonga Sevens tournaments and spent four years at music school. I've just passed a diploma for performing arts at MIT.”
In the short time we spent with them Tihei impresses a passing police officer with a rap on road safety. They then quotes significant events and personalities in Argentinian history along with rugby results to a passing tourist before totally impressing a local girl by including their birthday details in a tune.
Tihei says, "I've just released a book called "Real Raw and Relatable" as part of a combination of "Humans of South Auckland". I've released 12 music videos and a documentary called Tihei which made it to Air New Zealand and National Geographic and the Discovery Channel. And I've opened for the likes of Big Daddy & AD from New York City."
Tihei aspires to take their talent to the the top of the entertainment industry, "My destination is New York City. Definitely New York and I've been to Australia and it's a real good scene. Next year I'm doing a tour busk to the GC to Brisbane Sydney and I also want to go to Tasmania and Adelaide. What I like most about it (freestyle rap) is just giving it a try. I'm not everyone's favourite rapper I'm not the best I'm not the greatest I'm not number one. But you won't know until you give it a go and that's what I do."
'Suicide Squad' might just save comic book movies It's looking like anything but Suicide. After a summer of yawn-inducing sequels and universe-expanding films nobody wanted, the surprise hit of the summer may well arrive in theaters next Friday...
The only way to fix DC Comics movies is to fire Zack Snyder and Ben Affleck After disappointing box-office results and poor reviews for “Batman v. Superman,'' Warner Bros. reorganized the executives handling its DC movies. To me, that's like rearranging the deck chairs on the...
Valentino's star-spangled capsule collection is not for ordinary mortals The Justice League is about to become the Jealous League. Wonder Woman leaves their caped compatriots — Batman, Superman and the rest — in the fashion dust with Valentino's launch...
Lynda Carter: I'm not a female icon, Hillary is The upcoming “Wonder Woman” movie isn't out until June 2017, but Diana Prince is right here in New York this weekend. Lynda Carter, star of the '70s TV series, debuts...
Ben Affleck should direct a Batman movie, not star in one There's good news and bad news in Gotham City. The good news is that Ben Affleck reportedly is directing a stand-alone Batman movie. The bad news is that Ben Affleck...
Ben Affleck to direct Batman film, Warner Bros. chief says Warner Bros. chairperson and CEO Kevin Tsujihara confirmed they were moving forward with them in the director's seat Tuesday at CinemaCon.
‘Batman v Superman' is too smart for Marvel fans The verdict is in on “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice”: The critics say it's worse than leprosy. In fact, it's even worse than last year's “Entourage” (33 percent approval...
Hollywood's superhero problem Before Warner Bros. gets too carried away with the record-breaking box-office take of “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” over the weekend, the studio might want to take a breath....
If you're like many people, you tell yourself little money lies without even realizing it. These lies might justify spending or a lack of savings, or help you avoid dealing with money altogether. Regardless of the reason, they disconnect you from your finances and limit you now and in the future.
If you're telling yourself any of these money lies, it's time to take a good, honest look at your financial situation.
1. I just need to get through this rough patch
I hear this one a lot: You can't save until you've paid off your car repair or your daughter's braces or — enter any other reason here.
People who are always waiting to clear their latest hurdle before they get a hold on their finances never have control. Life is full of unexpected expenses. That's why it's important to contribute regularly to an emergency fund. Doing so will keep it ready for the next surprise.
2. I have plenty of time to contribute to my 401(k)
You might have 20, 30 or even 40 years before you plan to retire — but starting to save early lets you take advantage of compound interest and sets you up for financial success and freedom down the line. If you get in to the habit of putting a small amount of each paycheck into a 401(k), it will become second nature and you won't even notice the missing amount.
The longer you put off contributing, however, the harder it will be to start. Waiting too long to invest could cost you thousands of dollars, if not hundreds of thousands, in the long haul.
3. I deserve this
We all love to treat ourselves, and it's easy to overspend when you feel like you deserve something. Excuses like “I had a bad day at work” or “I deserve a break” can justify a nice lunch or a pair of shoes you might not normally purchase. This doesn't mean you should never splurge, but if it becomes too common a practice, it can put a big dent in your budget.
Getty Images It's easy to overspend when you feel like you deserve something.
4. When I have a better job, I can be more financially stable
Making more money doesn't always automatically lead to having more money. You can set yourself up for financial success with the resources you have right now. Start by living within your means, which means buying only things you can afford after paying your bills, paying down debt and contributing toward savings.
You may get raises in the future, but your expenses will likely also increase. If you always wait until you're making more money to become more financially stable, you'll always be waiting.
Lying is unhealthy in any relationship, even when you're doing it only to yourself. Be honest about your spending and savings so you can improve your money habits and have a better future.
More from NerdWallet:
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
Whether it's eating, drinking, clubbing or shopping, Birmingham has always had plenty of choice.
But exactly what's on offer has changed many times over the decades as businesses come and go.
Amazingly, you don't even have to go as far back as a single decade to see radical differences.
Within the past 10 years, Dome II has become O2 Academy and the NIA has been turned into the Barclaycard Arena, while the Vudu club is now the new home of Snobs.
And of course Grand Central has arrived, like a shiny silver spaceship landing on the site of the Pallasades and New Street train station.
Google's 'time machine' feature within its maps gives us a glimpse of how things have altered since the internet giant began capturing images of the UK in 2008.
So let's roll back the years for a snapshot of how Brum has transformed in that time.
What are your memories of the shops, bars and restaurants of previous years?
Thai Orchid restaurant in Waterloo Street - now steakhouse Viva Brazil
Former Midland Bank building in Bennett's Hill - now trendy bar Cosy Club
Former Barclays banks in Bennett's Hill - now Ask Italian
Hays recruitment agency offices, Waterloo Street - now Beefeater Bar + Block
Sound Bar, Corporation Street - now American diner Celebz
Viet An restaurant (in former Yates Wine Lodge building), Corporation Street - now Boston Tea Party trendy cafe
Birmingham New Street station (seen from Station Street) - now entrance to Grand Central and its flagship John Lewis store
Birmingham New Street station and the Pallasades - now part of Grand Central redevelopment
Autocentre, Alcester Road, Moseley - now Italian restaurant Prezzo
...And here's Centenary Square before and after the Library of Birmingham was built
Rani Mukerji Would Love To Star With The Khans All Over Again!
"I'd love to do a film with them again; because my learning, right from the beginning of my career, has been through them. I respect them immensely and for who they are today."
Pure Talent Maintained Their Stardom
"It's not normal to maintain their stardom for so many years. There definitely has to be something in them which is why they are ruling even today," said Rani Mukerji.
SRK, Salman & Aamir Are Special!
"There's something special about Shahrukh, Salman and Aamir and nobody can deny that. More than that, the fact that they are so sincere towards their craft and their work; which is something you have to learn."
Learning With The Best
"As an actor, it's not about working with a co-star. It is about what all you take back working with them. And I've learnt a lot working with the Khans," Rani Mukerji summed it up.
On The Work Front
Rani Mukerji is gearing up for the release of their upcoming film Hichki, where they play the role of a school teacher who suffers from Tourette Syndrome. The film is all set to hit the theatres on March 23, 2018.
Rumor the German shepherd has become America's top dog.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, Rumor was picked as best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club on Tuesday night.
Rumor became just the second German shepherd to win the nation's most prestigious pooch parade, joining the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987. Rumor retired after a near-miss at Westminster last year, but they returned a month ago to give it another try.
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song “Rumor Has It.” This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said earlier in the day that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
It's time to reclaim the art of the hobby Earlier this year, a Ted talk by statistician Lux Narayan went viral. The talk discussed Narayan's ambitious, heart-warming project to analyze 2,000 obituaries printed in the New York Times. Some...
'Adulting' classes prove millennials' nitwit parents are to blame For a few years now, evidence has been accumulating that millennials contain within them a weird combination of grandiosity and inability to leave the house — they're self-absorbed and global-thinking,...
Now you can go to 'Adulting School.' Yes, really It's not that hard to figure out how to fold a fitted sheet. Google it and you'll get more than 2 million results. There are more than 35,000 results on...
How To Binge Watch A Netflix Series Like An Adult We're all guilty of binge watching shows on Netflix. However, it's time we all grew up and learned to binge watch like an adult. That's right. Close the laptop. Back...
Adulting Is Eating Oatmeal For Every Meal Recently, a 25 year-old Yelp employee was fired from their job after publicly posting that the company wasn't paying them enough to buy groceries. We've all been there. Adulting is...
Millennials Tell Us Their New Year's Resolutions For 2016 We asked some millennials to share their New Year's resolutions with us. From cutting back on social media, to doubling down on social media, they're ready to make the life-changing...
Dungeons And Dragons Player Surrenders By Taking A Nap This D & D group was in the middle of a live stream when they noticed that one player, Kargol the Fighter, was fast asleep. Waving the white flag is...
Scientists Suggest It's Time To Stop Worrying So Much About Worrying This video from “The Science Of Us” really puts a positive spin on our collective anxiety issues. Scientists from Canada found a correlation between generalized anxiety and higher IQs. According...
Millennials Explain How Health Insurance Works Learning how to be an adult is hard. Luckily, these millennials have at least one adult thing figured out (sort of). Here they are explaining how health insurance works. Take notes,...
Three years after their divorce from Shweta Rohira, actor Pulkit Samrat says they believe in love but is unsure if they still have faith in the institution of marriage. Pulkit had married long-time girlfriend Shweta Rohira in November 2014 but they split a year later.
When asked whether they still have faith in the institution of marriage, Pulkit told PTI, "I don't know. In love, definitely (I have faith), but I don't know if that certificate means something right now where I stand. So I don't have a comment on that. But maybe later..."
The actor was speaking at the trailer launch of their film, Veerey Ki Wedding..
The Fukrey actor said being single, they would now grab unconditional love from wherever it is coming from, including their pet.
"Someone asked me yesterday, how are you going to celebrate this Valentine's Day as a single (man). I said I'd rather be with my dog because that's a hundred per cent, sure-shot guaranteed affair that'll last forever, nothing else will. Wherever you get unconditional love, just grab it."
The film also stars Kriti Kharbanda, who most recently featured in Shaadi Mein Zaroor Aana opposite Rajkummar Rao.
The title bares an uncanny resemblance to the forthcoming Kareena Kapoor Khan starrer Veerey Di Wedding.
Pulkit said there should be no confusion between the two films.
"There were five Bhagat Singh films, which released together. They had a similar plot as well. Here, only the title is similar. The makers had the title already and then the other one got announced... Both are different films."
When asked about their Valentine's day plan, Pulkit said, ''Someone asked me yesterday, how are you going to celebrate this Valentine's Day as a single (man). I said I'd rather be with my dog because that's a hundred per cent, sure-shot guaranteed affair that'll last forever, nothing else will. Wherever you get unconditional love, just grab it.''
Coming back to Veerey Ki Wedding, the film is scheduled to be released on March 9. It also also stars Satish Kaushik, Supriya Karnik and Yuvika Choudhary. (With inputs from PTI)
Also Read: ALMOST CONFIRMED! Sonam Kapoor Is Hiding But They Are Getting Married To Anand Ahuja In June
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
CCSD selected seven first-year teachers for the 'New Educators of the Year' award (CCSD).
As a part of Teacher Appreciation Week, the Clark County School District selected seven first-year teachers for the 'New Educators of the Year' award.
The teachers were surprised with presentations in their classrooms as they taught to students by the Board of Trustees, representatives from the school, the district's Human Resources Division and even their family members, according to a CCSD media release.
“The New Educator of the Year celebration is the highlight of our year,” said Coordinator of Employee Onboarding and Development Devin Heintz. “It's an honor to recognize the new talent in the Clark County School District along with their administrators, colleagues and families.”
The educators received a gift basket, valued at over $900, filled with school supplies and gift cards from Las Vegas businesses.
Each teacher that was selected was picked for one of seven categories. More than 1,000 first-year educators were eligible for the award, the release said.
The winners are listed below:
Javier Alegria – Math teacher at Northwest Career and Technical Academy. Alegria is the NEOY winner for the High School category. Alegria's impact at the school can be seen in the number of students who stay after school to get tutoring assistance to improve their math skills. Alegria has also been praised by parents for their quick response and efforts to make them a part of their child's education.
Jodi Eggleston – Math teacher at Lied Middle School. Eggleston is the NEOY winner for the Middle School category. Growing up in a family that owned a number of tutoring centers, Eggleston has been a teacher since they were a student herself. After raising a family, Eggleston started working as a substitute teacher. They enjoyed the experience so much, they decided to complete the requirements to become a full-time teacher.
Elsi Hernandez – Second-grade teacher at Clyde C. Cox Elementary School. Hernandez is the NEOY winner for the Elementary Primary category. Hernandez has had an interesting journey to the classroom. After starting as a parent volunteer, they then moved into substitute teaching before completing the requirements to become a full-time teacher. In addition to their teaching duties, they are also a member of the School Organizational Team.
Lisa Magee – Resource and English Language Arts teacher at Spring Valley High School. Magee is the NEOY winner for the Special Education category. Magee has drawn praise for the energy they bring to the classroom and their dedication to making sure students complete their assignments and projects that are required as part of the International Baccalaureate program at the school. They joined CCSD through the Alternative Route to Licensure program.
Bani Maita-Perez – Third-grade teacher at Gwendolyn Wooley Elementary School. Maita-Perez is the NEOY winner for the Elementary Intermediate category. Maita-Perez expressed their love of teaching and care for the students in their class. That feeling is evident in the praise they have received by working to build strong relationships with their students and their parents. The rapport will continue next year when they move to fourth-grade, and many of the same students will be in their class.
Nicholas Paxton – School psychologist at Ernest Becker Middle School, Howard Wasden Elementary School and Burk Horizon School. Paxton is the NEOY winner for the Related Services category. Paxton's two main passions are their love of sports and psychology, and they use both of those to help students through their work at school and their volunteer work as a baseball coach. Paxton provides services to students at three CCSD schools.
Ross Takahashi-Brummer – Art teacher at Doris French Elementary School. Takahashi-Brummer is the NEOY winner for the Specialist category. A graduate of Green Valley High School, Takahashi-Brummer has worked with students on multiple campus projects with students that symbolize them as an individual and a part of a larger collective. They have also used drawings, gestures and Google Translator to make refugee students feel comfortable in class.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Merger, mosquitos, money: Cronin on the issues facing DuPage
hello
Merging two county offices, expanding the fight against mosquitoes and avoiding a property tax increase are some of the key issues DuPage County officials expect to face in 2017.
County board Chairman Dan Cronin recently shared their view of the coming year, the seventh of their administration, with the Daily Herald.
Cronin said 2016 was challenging for DuPage because of the "climate of uncertainty" created by the budget stalemate in Springfield.
"Funding sources are always a source of anxiety for us because we don't know what's certain and what's not," they said. "We have to fulfill our mission here in that climate. We were able to come up with a balanced budget. But it was very, very difficult."
Balancing the county's budget for next year will be even harder, they said.
While the county has kept its property tax levy flat for nine straight years, Cronin says they don't know if that will continue in fiscal 2018.
"Raising taxes is not really something I even want to think about," they said. "But as we go down this path, everything will be on the table."
One option Cronin says they absolutely won't consider is pursuing home rule power.
Home rule would give the county additional powers of regulation and taxation. DuPage's non-home rule status is one reason Fitch Ratings downgraded the county's credit rating to AA+ from AAA in September.
"We're not going to try to become home rule," Cronin said. "We're comfortable being a government of limited power and limited authority."
Instead, Cronin said the county needs to be more aggressive about doing more with less.
The county already is working to save taxpayers money by entering into partnerships with the Forest Preserve District of DuPage County.
The entities, for example, worked together on a recent tree removal project along Naperville Road. They also pursued an information technology initiative and cooperative buying opportunities.
The forest preserve reported more joint opportunities are being explored, including tree assessments, naturalized plantings, mowing, trail and pavement maintenance and sewer cleaning.
"There has been a good deal of functional consolidation -- working together, shared services," Cronin said. "The progress on working together has been pretty good."
There's also talk of a countywide strategy to battle mosquitoes. Now, DuPage has dozens of municipalities, townships and service districts targeting the insects.
In 2013, a mosquito abatement task force advised exploring whether DuPage's nine townships should oversee all of the county's abatement efforts. But that idea would require the forest preserve district to become involved.
Meanwhile, the forest preserve district, which owns about 12 percent of the land in DuPage, refused to spray insecticides to kill adult mosquitoes because those products could kill other insects.
"There was a deep-rooted culture there where they didn't want to address mosquito abatement through some of the techniques that we were promoting," Cronin said.
But Cronin says "significant progress" has been made in the county's discussions with the forest preserve. They said an announcement about countywide mosquito abatement could be made during the first quarter of the year. Cronin wouldn't elaborate, but said it would require state legislation.
"We may see some fruits of that labor by the end of the year or the beginning of 2018," they said.
Another proposal state lawmakers will be asked to consider is merging the county clerk's office with the DuPage Election Commission.
The election commission would become a division of the clerk's office. A five-member Board of Election Commissioners would set policy, hold meetings and receive public comment. The county clerk would be chairperson.
"I'm excited about this new model for the election commission," Cronin said.
Cronin said the plan will provide "significant" savings for taxpayers if the merger becomes a reality. It also would pave the way for the county to "run a better election," they said.
A public hearing about the merger proposal will be held after the Jan. 10 county board meeting.
Cronin said he's confident the county will have a positive year.
"We are leading the way for smart government, for consolidated government, for shared services," they said. "We embrace our role as leaders in that regard."
‘Twin Peaks' cast: Where are they now? Showtime announced on Monday that it will produce new episodes of the groundbreaking TV show “Twin Peaks” to premiere as a limited series in 2016 — 25 years after the...
Meredith to publish new mag for Hispanic moms Meredith, which is scuttling Ladies' Home Journal as a monthly after the current issue, said Tuesday that it plans to publish a new magazine aimed at second-generation Hispanic moms. The...
FCC to create web fast lane, threatening 'net neutrality' The FCC said Wednesday it would propose new rules that allow Internet service providers to charge companies a premium for access to their fastest lanes on the Internet. The new...
Sunday night television is getting geeky Nerds everywhere have emerged from their winter hiding places now that “Game of Thrones” is back — and it appears that the rest of TV wants to make your Sunday...
You gotta ‘Believe' when Bo raises the roof on NBC This is what happens when you “Believe” in New York City. This first-look image from Sunday's episode of the NBC drama features the extraordinary powers of series protagonist Bo (Johnny...
Don't Miss: Shriver documents poverty, 'Believe' in NBC newbie Believe (Sunday, 9 p.m., NBC) Raised by a small group known as the “True Believers,” the orphaned youngster Bo (Johnny Sequoyah) has been safeguarded for years from harmful outsiders —...
Expectations for 'Believe' soar high going into premier Expectations are always high for a new TV show, especially so when it has the creative pedigree of NBC's “Believe” — which is co-created by Oscar-winner Alfonso Cuarón (“Gravity”) and...
Duke now favorite to win NCAA title; Loyola nearly 1-in-5 to reach Final Four
hello
Loyola guard Marques Townes leaps while celebrating the team's 63-62 win over Tennessee Saturday in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Dallas. Associated Press
What a weekend. The top seed in the tournament, No. 1 Virginia, became the first No. 1 seed to ever get knocked off by a No. 16 seed (UMBC). The other top seeds in the South region, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 Tennessee and No. 4 Arizona, also lost. No. 1 Xavier lost in the round of 32 on Sunday night, as did No. 3 Michigan State in the Midwest region.
Cinderella also made their mark, as No. 11 Loyola advanced, along with another double-digit seed in No. 11 Syracuse. Both are in the Sweet 16 with chances of 19 and 4 percent, respectively, to make the Final Four. The Orange can see their Final Four chances increase greatly if they can get by No. 2 Duke, the current title favorite with a 27-percent likelihood, in the Sweet 16.
So, who's favored to move on to the Final Four? Heading into Thursday's Sweet 16 games the top four contenders are Duke (62 percent), Villanova (50 percent), Gonzaga (46 percent), Kentucky (38 percent).
As March Madness unfolds, we're providing updated win probabilities for every team in the tournament.
Sunday results
No. 5 West Virginia beats No. 13 Marshall
Elite Eight: 26% |Final Four: 10% |Finals: 3% |Title: 1%
The Mountaineers went on a 19-0 run in the first half giving West Virginia a 97 percent win probability, which they maxed out at 100 percent, naturally, by the game's end. They will face No. 1 Villanova in the Sweet 16, an opponent that lowers their chance to make the Final Four from 11 to 10 percent.
No. 9 Florida State upsets No. 1 Xavier
Elite Eight: 24% |Final Four: 8% |Finals: 2% |Title: 1%
The Seminoles outscored Xavier 31-14 down the stretch with PJ Savoy hitting a three-point shot with a little over a minute to play to give Florida State its first lead of the second half. After the win, Florida State's chances to make the Elite Eight ballooned from 9 to 24 percent. The Seminoles will face No. 4 Gonzaga in the next round.
No. 9 Kansas State beats No. 16 UMBC
Elite Eight: 34% |Final Four: 14% |Finals: 5% |Title: 1%
Barry Brown led Kansas State with 18 points - eight as the ballhandler during the pick-and-roll - and helped end UMBC's reign as the ultimate bracket buster. With none of the top four seeds remaining in the South, their Final Four chances move up from 1 to 14 percent. They will face No. 5 Kentucky Thursday.
No. 5 Clemson upsets No. 4 Auburn
Elite Eight: 40% |Final Four: 11% |Finals: 4% |Title: 1%
Auburn shot just 26 percent from the field and 22 percent from three-point range, making it easy for No. 5 Clemson to move on to the Sweet 16, where they will face No. 1 Kansas. Still, the Tigers' Final Four chances rise from 7 to 11 percent.
No. 7 Nevada upsets No. 2 Cincinnati
Elite Eight: 59% |Final Four: 29% |Finals: 13% |Title: 4%
The Bearcats looked like they had this one in the bag but then Nevada went on a 14-0 run, followed by a 7-0 run late in the game to punch its ticket to the Sweet 16 in stunning fashion. There they will meet No. 11 Loyola Chicago.
No. 7 Texas A&M upsets No. 2 North Carolina
Elite Eight: 31% |Final Four: 10% |Finals: 3% |Title: 1%
The Tar Heels were outworked from the beginning and hit just 6 of their 31 three-point attempts (19 percent), leading to an Aggies victory. Texas A&M will now face No. 3 Michigan in the Sweet 16.
No. 11 Syracuse upsets No. 3 Michigan State
Elite Eight: 13% |Final Four: 4% |Finals: 1% |Title: 0%
Coach Jim Boeheim runs the zone defense more than any other college team (94 percent of the time) and on Sunday it proved to be too much for the Spartans to handle despite Michigan State beating Syracuse on the offensive boards 29 to 7.
Syracuse's Elite Eight chances rise slightly after the win from 9 to 13 percent, and the Orange will face No. 2 Duke in the Sweet 16.
No. 2 Purdue beats No. 10 Butler
Elite Eight: 65% |Final Four: 29% |Finals: 14% |Title: 8%
The Boilermakers needed every minute to end Butler's Cinderella bid. Vince Edwards was solid in the low post, scoring two points and drawing two fouls on four possessions plus seven points on three possessions in isolation. Purdue's chances to make the Elite Eight rises from 58 to 64 percent.
- - -
Saturday results
No. 3 Michigan beats No. 6 Houston
Elite Eight: 68% |Final Four: 35% |Finals: 18% |Title: 8%
Freshman Jordan Poole hit a last-second three-point shot to send the Wolverines into the Sweet 16, giving them a 50-50 chance at the Elite Eight (it was 38 percent before the game), pending the outcome of No. 2 North Carolina and No. 7 Texas A&M.
No. 4 Gonzaga beats No. 5 Ohio State
Elite Eight: 75% |Final Four: 46% |Finals: 26% |Title: 13%
Gonzaga got out to a quick 15-0 lead while hitting 6 of 9 shots and saw Zach Norvell Jr., a red shirt first-year student, score 28 points - six three-point shots - and grab 12 rebounds.
No. 3 Texas Tech beats No. 6 Florida
Elite Eight: 35% |Final Four: 13% |Finals: 4% |Title: 2%
Texas Tech makes the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2005, when Coach Chris Beard was an assistant to the legendary Bobby Knight. Florida, meanwhile, falls short of the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2010. They will face No. 2 Purdue in the Sweet 16.
No. 1 Kansas beats No. 8 Seton Hall
Elite Eight: 59% |Final Four: 21% |Finals: 10% |Title: 5%
Kansas won, but Seton Hall's Angel Delgado had a big night, scoring 24 points with 23 rebounds, making them only the fifth player in 40 years to have more than 20 points and rebounds in an NCAA tournament game, joining North Carolina's Tyler Zeller (2012), Wake Forest's Tim Duncan (1997), Maryland's Joe Smith (1995) and Houston's Hakeem Olajuwon (1983).
No. 11 Loyola Chicago upsets No. 3 Tennessee
Elite Eight: 40% |Final Four: 19% |Finals: 7% |Title: 1%
Sister Jean, the team chaplain for Loyola Chicago, called this upset and the Ramblers did not disappoint. Aundre Jackson had 16 points, four rebounds and an assist to help Loyola Chicago reach the Sweet 16 for the first time since 1985. Their chances to make the Elite Eight rises from 8 to 29 percent pending the outcome of No. 2 Cincinnati and No. 7 Nevada on Sunday.
No. 5 Kentucky beats No. 13 Buffalo
Elite Eight: 66% |Final Four: 38% |Finals: 20% |Title: 7%
Coach John Calipari saw a true team effort on Saturday with four players - PJ Washington, Hamidou Diallo, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Wenyen Gabriel - reaching double figures in getting the Wildcats to the Sweet 16. And now that UMBC knocked off Virginia, Kentucky's chances to make the Final Four gets a little better, going from six to 32 percent.
No. 2 Duke beats No. 7 Rhode Island
Elite Eight: 86% |Final Four:62% |Finals: 40% |Title: 27%
Atlantic Coast Conference player of the year Marvin Bagley III scored a team-high 22 points with nine rebounds and fellow first-year student Wendell Carter Jr. added 13 points to help earn Duke its 26th trip to the Sweet 16. More importantly, after No. 7 Texas A&M upset No. 2 North Carolina, the Blue Devils' championship hopes to soar.
No. 1 Villanova beats No. 9 Alabama
Elite Eight: 77% |Final Four: 50% |Finals: 29% |Title: 20%
Villanova hit 17 three-point shots en route to an easy 81-58 victory over Alabama, increasing the Wildcats' chances of making the Elite Eight.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Former athletes and a Florida developer are teaming up for a good cause.
Furniture and household items are being moved out from the Estates at Acqualina, a Sunny Isles Beach resort undergoing a massive renovation, and donated to two Florida foundations.
Laura and Jorge Posada's foundation for Puerto Rico have joined Derek Jeter's Turn2 foundation to get the donated household items to hurricane victims in Puerto Rico, Miami and Key West.
Posada and Jeter were teammates for years while playing baseball for the New York Yankees.
“Now I can also say that I am Derek Jeter's teammate because we are working together to benefit all those who were affected by the natural disasters,” Laura said.
“I'm going to donate furniture to families who were affected in the keys and also donate furniture to families from Puerto Rico to a newly located to the Miami area,” added Jeter said.
“Now we want to construct, and how about people who have lost it all?” Jorge said. “So this is another step in our rebuilding part.”
More than 125 pieces are being donated by the estates at Acqualina.
This as the developers begin demolition to build the new estates on property where another Yankees legend, Babe Ruth, vacationed and put on the map.
“It's only fitting that these two modern day legends continue a Yankee tradition by leading us all to community service consistent with the values of their organizations,” said Jules Trump, Developer at Acqualina.
Furniture and appliances are being moved out and sorted, and they are going to be shipped out to Puerto Rico.
Families should be receiving them by the beginning of next year.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Chicago White Sox have drafted former Indiana basketball coach Tom Crean's son Riley in the 35th round.
Riley, a right-handed pitcher, is headed to Indiana.  They are also Michigan football coach Jim Harbaugh's nephew.
The Chicago White Sox also took right-hander Chance King, the son famed TV newsman Larry King, in the 39th round. The elder King, a longtime Dodgers fan, tweeted: “One of the greatest thrills of my life was learning my son Chance has been picked by the @whitesox in the 39th round of the #MLBDraft2017!!”
Chance King played at IMG Academy in Florida and is from Beverly Hills, California
The draft began Monday night with Minnesota taking California high school shortstop Royce Lewis with the No. 1 overall pick.
A suspect with ties to one of Russian President Vladimir Putin's top henchmen was charged Sunday in connection with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. Zaur Dadayev, who...
CBS and 60 MINUTES should be ASHAMED for the extremely propagandistic profile they did last night with Saudi strong-man Mohamed Bin Salman, the man who if not assassinated could rule Saudi Arabia (making it Salman Arabia) for much of this century.
The Saudis are spending huge sums on Public Relations. CBS did it's part just as MBS begins a never-before two-week jaunt throughout the U.S. There is no doubt a major back-story to how this fluff piece came about and how much money has changed hands between those associated with and owning CBS and what backroom deals were made. The Salmans couldn't have asked for better propaganda; and this appeared to be a journalistic story from one of the premier American news programs.
There was a thin attempt to briefly raise issues involving human rights, Yemen, and the Crown Prince's own extreme financial corruption — very thin. But there was NOT A WORD about:
The unprecedented billions — more than 100 in fact — the Saudis are pumping into American war-arms manufacturers and the tremendous help they are providing to Trump.
The Saudi role in igniting and perpetuating the horrible Syrian Civil War.
The dastardly Saudi role in bringing about the military coup in Egypt and financing that junta police state.
How the Saudis have aided the royal Bahrainis sending their own troops and special forces into that land.
Israel with which MBS is now in alliance plotting with the Zionists and Neocons to control the region at any cost and to crush Iran one way or another.
Why and how the Saudis have threatened to take over Qatar by coup or force.
And why and how MBS has house arrested the former Crown Prince as well as their own mother.
And what should be of great importance to Americans, there was not a word about the extreme and still-expanding role the CIA, along with the Pentagon, in keeping the Saudis, as well as the Hashemites, in power, using all kinds of cut-outs and long on-the-take personalities and institutions.
The Middle East is today far more bloody and unstable than ever before in history; and headed toward a regional war far more devastating than any before. MBS, now heading what they are transforming into Salman Arabia, has come to America for the next two weeks. At least the “independent” media and academics should be focusing on all the things mentioned above rather than what the panoply of Saudi p.r. hacks are shoveling.
Deputy Mayor plans meeting to address Ebola concerns City workers are starting to gear up for Ebola. First Deputy Mayor Anthony Shorris will meet Monday morning with the Municipal Labor Committee and officials from the NYPD, FDNY and...
Deputy mayor: charter expansion could lead to 'privatized' school system A massive expansion of charter schools could lead to the “privatization” of public education, Mayor de Blasio's top deputy warned Monday — even as the mayor themselves was saying charters...
Microsoft Releases Updates To Mitigate Intel's Flawed Chip Fixes
Intel's first attempt at mitigating two major vulnerabilities in its microprocessors led to PC reboot and behavior problems, so Microsoft has come out with Windows patches to fix Intel's fixes.
Microsoft's updates are aimed at Windows Server users as well as consumers with Windows 7, 8.1 and 10. Designed to prevent problems related to Intel's flawed patches for the Spectre vulnerability, the Microsoft fixes must be downloaded manually from the company's Windows Update catalog. They do not apply to Meltdown, the other major Intel chip bug.
Following reports of issues with its initial fixes, Intel last week advised hardware and software vendors and partners to stop rolling out those patches to customers. Microsoft's patches are designed to resolve problems in machines that have already received the Intel patch and to prevent unpatched devices from installing Intel's patch.
While year-end financial results released last week show Intel enjoyed record earnings in 2017, the company could yet see long-term fallout from the Spectre and Meltdown hardware bugs. Further fallout could likely be in relation to reports that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich sold millions of dollars' worth of personal stock before the public was made aware of the vulnerabilities, and that Intel notified a select group of customers, including Chinese tech firms, about the bugs before informing U.S. officials.
Software and Firmware Updates Required
Upon announcing its patches on Friday and Saturday, Microsoft said affected customers will also need to deploy processor microcode, or firmware, updates through their device manufacturers. Microsoft added that it was also working on mitigations to prevent Intel-related problems with its Internet Explorer and Edge Web browsers.
"While Intel tests, updates, and deploys new microcode, we are making available an out of band update today, KB4078130, that specifically disables only the mitigation against CVE-2017-5715 -- 'Branch target injection vulnerability,'" Microsoft said in its patch announcement. "In our testing, this update has been found to prevent the behavior described."
Intel's initial patch for Spectre was found to causes unexpected reboots and "other unpredictable system behavior" in some devices that could also lead to corruption or loss of data.
Intel is "working around the clock to ensure we are addressing these issues," Navin Shenoy, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, said in an update last week.
Questions about Who Intel Notified of Bugs
In other developments related to Spectre and Meltdown, which also affect many CPUs made by ARM and AMD, The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday that Intel's initial disclosures about the vulnerabilities were made to "a small group of customers, including Chinese technology companies, but left out the U.S. government."
Even before that news emerged, Intel and other technology companies were already under scrutiny for working quietly behind the scenes to resolve the chip-level flaws without notifying the public. On Wednesday, members of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee sent letters to Intel, Amazon, AMD, ARM, Apple, Google, and Microsoft expressing concern about "the information embargo instituted by the limited number of companies originally informed about the vulnerabilities in June 2017."
Several different groups of independent researchers discovered Spectre and Meltdown last year, but their work was not publicly disclosed until earlier this month. However, there is no evidence to date that either vulnerability has been exploited by hackers in the wild, according to Intel, Microsoft, and other companies.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Announces Retirement of Series A Preferred Shares
EAST PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Finjan Holdings, Inc. ( NASDAQ : FNJN), a cybersecurity company, today announced that it has achieved its strongest quarter in its public company history with $25 million in revenues for the first quarter of 2017. Additionally, as of April 10, 2017, the Company has retired its entire $10.2 million Series A Preferred Stock financing led by Halcyon Long Duration Recoveries Investments I LLC ("Halcyon LDII").
"Our $25 million in revenues during the first quarter of 2017, surpassed the $18.3 million in revenues for the full year in 2016. Our strong financial performance in 2016 and the first quarter of 2017 has enabled us to pay off our Series A Preferred financing in less than one year. This financial success is a testament to several years of implementing a focused IP licensing and enforcement strategy by our experienced team," said Michael Noonan, Finjan Holdings' CFO. "Looking ahead, we are on track to achieve full year profitability in 2017. With near-term litigation catalysts, a strong licensing pipeline, and recurring revenue through our Finjan Mobile subsidiary, we are well positioned for continued growth and positive cash flow. We look forward to providing shareholders with a more in-depth update after we file our 10Q for the period ending March 31, 2017."
ABOUT FINJAN
Established nearly 20 years ago, Finjan is a globally recognized leader in cybersecurity. Finjan's inventions are embedded within a strong portfolio of patents focusing on software and hardware technologies capable of proactively detecting previously unknown and emerging threats on a real-time, behavior-based basis. Finjan continues to grow through investments in innovation, strategic acquisitions, and partnerships promoting economic advancement and job creation. For more information, please visit www.finjan.com.
Finjan® is the registered trademark of Finjan Holdings, Inc
All Finjan regulatory filings are available on the Securities and Exchange Commissions (SEC) website www.sec.gov, and can also be found at ir.finjan.com/all-sec-filings.
Follow Finjan Holdings, Inc.:
Twitter: @FinjanHoldings
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/finjan
Facebook: facebook.com/finjanholdings
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Except for historical information, the matters set forth herein that are forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, Finjan's expectations and beliefs regarding Finjan's licensing program, the outcome of pending or future enforcement actions, the granting of Inter Partes Review (IPR) of our patents or an unfavorable determination pursuant to an IPR or other challenges at the USPTO of our patents, the enforceability of our patents, the cost of litigation, the unpredictability of our cash flows, our ability to expand our technology and patent portfolio, the continued use of our technologies in the market, our stock price, changes in the trading market for our securities, regulatory developments, general economic and market conditions, the market acceptance and successful business, technical and economic implementation of Finjan Holdings' intended operational plan; and the other risk factors set forth from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and the Company's periodic filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or upon request from Finjan Holdings, Inc. All forward-looking statements herein reflect our opinions only as of the date of this release. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Finjan Holdings undertakes no obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation, to update forward-looking statements herein in light of new information or future events.
Biden has some regrets not running for president Former Vice President Joe Biden said they regret that they are not the president but said the decision not to run was right for their family. “I regret that I...
Joe Biden shuts down 'wiseass' Bill Ackman after tasteless joke Talk about bad table manners. Hedge fund billionaire Bill Ackman got into a testy exchange with Joe Biden at a private dinner in Las Vegas last month, making a snarky...
Biden was crushed by 'silent rebuke' from Obama Vice President Joe Biden seriously considered throwing their hat in the ring of the 2016 presidential campaign, but ultimately decided not to after the death of their son, Beau Biden,...
Joe Biden honors late son Beau at Plaza luncheon “He mentioned their son Beau and said they miss them terribly. They took a moment to pause, pivoted to their granddaughter and said [that] they were a ‘proud, obnoxious grandfather,' ”...
Hunter and Hallie Biden try really hard not to be seen together The pair had left Hallie's nearby home in separate cars. They entered a drugstore and left at separate times.
Ex claims Hunter Biden blew money on hookers, drugs The accusations, filed last week by Hunter's soon-to-be-ex-wife Kathleen Biden, offer a peek into the sordid, big-money accusations being flung behind the scenes in the popular veep's squeaky-clean-seeming family.
Inside Hunter and Kathleen Biden's divorce Joe Biden's daughter-in-law Kathleen filed for divorce from Hunter Biden last December, citing that their "conduct creates situations that are unsafe or traumatic for the parties' children."
At a news conference Tuesday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said there was “no reason to suspect any national security element to this attack.”
While the country was trying to make sense of the “horrific tragedy,” they added, “we cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business.”
- Advertisement -
Law enforcement officials in Canada and the United States who have been briefed on the case told NBC News that the leading theory appears to be mental illness and not terrorism, although that could change.
Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was in Toronto on Monday for a meeting of G-7 security ministers. They later told reporters that the killings did not appear to be terror related.
Authorities provided few details about Minassian and said they were not previously known to police.
Courtroom sketch of suspect Alek Minassian from their initial appearance on April 24, 2018.John Manthanull
A spokesperson for Canada's National Defense told The Associated Press that they were a member of the Canadian Armed Forces from Aug. 23 until Oct. 25, 2017, but did not complete their recruit training and asked to be voluntarily released.
Their home in the town of Richmond Hill was cordoned off Tuesday while officials continued their investigation.
The law enforcement officials said Minassian had once been involved in an online discussion about Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old gunman who killed six people in 2014 near Santa Barbara, California.
Rodger, who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, was described by police as a loner who was unhappy about a lack of sexual experiences with women during college.
Canadian and U.S. officials familiar with the probe said investigators were looking through social media posts that may be connected with Minassian to determine whether they were associated with an online community known as “incel,” or “involuntary celibate” — made up of men who are sexually frustrated that they cannot be with a woman.
Reddit reportedly banned one such community last year because some members advocated rape.
Amid Monday's rampage in Toronto, which occurred at about 1:30 p.m. ET, witnesses described a white van apparently rented from Ryder swerving back and forth between the sidewalk and the road. The vehicle sped through crowds at about 30 mph, the witnesses said. Besides those killed, police said 15 people were also injured.
The majority of the victims have not been identified. John Flengas, the acting EMS supervisor at the Sunnybrook Health Sciences Center, which received 10 people, called the scene “pure carnage,” reported CTV News.
Petersburg's Hand of Fate to produce Ill. bicentennial beer
hello
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. -- A Petersburg brewer has won the Illinois Bicentennial Craft Beer Competition.
Hand of Fate Brewing Co. will now create the recipe and brew the official beer for the Prairie State's bicentennial, set to kick off in late fall.
Gov. Bruce Rauner announced the results Sunday at the Illinois State Fair .
Rauner says he's thrilled for Hand of Fate and is "proud of the booming Illinois craft brew industry." They say there are more than 180 craft brewers in the state. That's more than double the number in 2013.
Hand of Fate owner and brewer Mike Allison says it's an honor to be "part of Illinois history and represent our industry."
A panel of three expert judges in a blind taste test and fair visitors sampling 19 varieties chose the winner.
Mukti's Spinster Party
After a rather confusing episode and mind blowing twist of Smaran getting lovey-dovey with Inaya, and Jeff inviting stripper for Mukti's spinster, Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan thrilled the fans to a new level altogether.
Nandini Gets To Know The Real Reason For Manik Denying Them Proposal
We all could see Nandini pulling their sleeves up to fix thing between them and Manik when they come to know about the real reason behind Manik's denial on the proposal.
Mukti's Unique Spinster Party
A bachelorette without gate crashers is never a bachelorette, boys of Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan gate crashing Mukti's spinster party is the best thing that one can find on the internet today. Generally, spinster parties are supposed to be crazy and exciting, but Mukti's spinster was a different story to tell.
Manik & Nandini Get Closer
We all know Manik and Nandini love each other and fans got a jist of their bond during the bachelorette. On the other hand, Zubin seems a little devious during bachelorette and they're giving a cold shoulder to the stripper seemed like they somehow knew the stripper.
Zubin's Blast from the Past
We know everything about Mukti as well as the others, but there is not much known about Zubin. This reminds of Jeff's advice to Mukti about giving the marriage a second thought, although we know that Jeff loves Mukti and has an emotional space for Mukti as Jeff is disinterested in guys.
What's Zubin Hiding?
What is it that Zubin is hiding, does Jeff know something about Zubin that Mukti doesn't or they just wants to break the marriage so that they could pursue Mukti.
Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan 3
The chemistry between the two Charlie and Barkha is a result of their off screen sisterly relationship with each other. Who knows what we might come across in the show in near future? Well, it's Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan always with a twist.
A former home of author Walter Scott at Clovenfords is on the market for offers over £1.25m.
Ashiestiel House offers four reception rooms, seven bedrooms and seven bath or shower rooms, two secondary bedrooms, a one-bedroom gardener's cottage, outbuildings, garage, trout fishing rights on the Tweed and more than 10 acres of land.
Author Walter Scott.
It was last marketed summer as part of a 900-acre estate for offers over £5.5m.
It's a grade-A listed stately home dating back to the 17th century.
Edinburgh-born Sir Walter, alive from 1771 to 1832, lived there from 1804 to 1812, writing The Lady of the Lake, Marmion, The Lay of the Last Minstrel and some of Waverley there.
So fond of the estate was he, according to some, that had they been able to buy it, they would not have moved to Abbotsford, near Tweedbank, in 1812.
Another view of Ashiestiel House at Clovenfords.
The house was painted by Sir Walter's friend JMW Turner in the 1830s as an illustration for Marmion.
Since 2011, Ashiestiel House has undergone a complete refurbishment project including rewiring, re-roofing of the main part of the house and installation of a new plumbing and new central heating system, double-glazed windows and four-oven electric Aga cooker.
The house is being marketed by estate agent Savills' Edinburgh office, and Peter Strang Steel there said: “Ashiestiel House has an extraordinary history and an exceptionally beautiful setting.
“Quite apart from its status as a significant Scottish country house and its connections with one of our greatest writers, the superb quality of the refurbishment lavished upon it by the current owners, is quite outstanding.
“With 10 acres of grounds and the option to acquire further properties on the estate if desired, Ashiestiel is likely to cause a great deal of serious interest from far and wide.
“Scott's eight years at Ashiestiel were among the happiest of their life. Indeed, the writer Theo Lang surmises that had Scott been able to purchase the property, ‘overhanging the Tweed and situated in a wild, pastoral country', the later ambitious project of Abbotsford might never have been realised.”
Lang writes: “The study was both their dining and writing room, in which were composed the Lay of the Last Minstrel, The Lady of the Lake, and Marmion, as well as about a third of Waverley.”
They add: “Much of Marmion was penned from the Shirra's Knowe, a wooded knoll overlooking the Peel and Glenkinnon Burns, and the river walk towards Elibank Tower was Scott's own favourite Sunday walk.”
For details, go to search.savills.com/property-detail/gbedrsedr160070 or call 0131 247 3738.
A onetime Vogue staffer has been ​arrested and charged with stealing more than $50,000 from renowned model and former Vogue creative director​-at​-large Grace Coddington, sources told The Post.
Dublin-born Yvonne Bannigan, who worked as an assistant for the flame-haired catwalk and fashion icon before they were arrested, rang up $53,564 in unauthorized purchases on the former editor's credit card, according to court documents and a law enforcement source.
Bannigan ran up the obscene tab before they were arrested in April 2018, the criminal complaint​ alleges​.
She's also accused of selling property belonging to Coddington — identified in court papers as “Informant 1” — on online luxury consignment store TheRealReal, and kept the $9,000s of commission for herself.
The 25-year-old​ says on their LinkedIn ​page that before they worked for Coddington, they interned at ELLE ​magazine.
Bannigan also appeared in a Teen Vogue spread alongside Coddington in Sept. 2016.
The former fashion assistant faces felony charges of second and third-degree grand larceny.
“We believe there's been a misunderstanding which we hope will be sorted out,” attorney Michael Cornacchia said. “She has prior no record, and she's a naturalized U.S. citizen.”
“She didn't do anything wrong,” they added.
State schools could benefit from the same freedom to run their affairs as independent schools enjoy, says Loretto School Headmaster, Dr Graham Hawley.
The Headmaster of one of Scotland's leading independent schools has claimed years of government interference in the state education system has left teachers feeling they “can't be trusted.”
Dr Graham Hawley says the aim of their school is to "put the child right at the heart of education".
Dr Graham Hawley, Headmaster of Loretto School in Musselburgh, a coeducational boarding and day school, said no other profession comes under similar state interference and scrutiny, leaving highly skilled professionals with the impression that the state doesn't trust them to do their jobs.
They argued that the government should shift focus from becoming involved in day to day education affairs, and instead set its sights on the robustness of the national exam system.
They said: “It's rare to go more than two or three years without some sort of changes imposed by the state, whether it's to the exam system or the curriculum.
“I think education is arguably more impacted from politicians than other areas of life.
Loretto School is the country's oldest boarding school
“The outcome is a sense that teachers or the teaching profession is perhaps not trusted to the same extent by state and government as other professions.”
Dr Hawley, who runs the 600 pupil independent school, said controversial new proposals to hand state school head teachers more power to run their own affairs echoed the highly successful independent school model, and could give new freedom to focus on the needs of pupils.
Last month Scottish Education Secretary John Swinney unveiled their plans to give head teachers control of their schools' management and staffing structure, budgets and curriculum.
The proposed changes echo the tried and tested independent school system, where head teachers work with boards of governance to run their school in a way that responds directly to their pupils' needs.
However while greater autonomy for state schools has been broadly welcomed, there have been concerns among some that the new system would propel senior school staff into the firing line, making them personally responsible for turning the tide of Scotland's ailing education system and deflecting criticism for poor exam results from the Scottish government.
Dr Hawley's comments came as the International Council of Education Advisers (ICEA) warned the Scottish Government against “becoming too focussed on changing the structure of the education system when, arguably, the more important aspects are the culture and capacity within the system.”
Dr Hawley added: “Our aim at Loretto School is to put the child right at the heart of education. For that to work well there has to be a good relationship between the school and parents, with the child in the middle.
“It seems to me that if you add an additional body to that – politicians, the state, government - you lose touch with the child. The school and parents see the child day to day and understand what their needs are.”
Last year Loretto School ranked in the top five schools in Scotland for A Level results, and is in the top seven per cent of schools nationally for its value-added scores.
While their school operates under the English exam system of A Levels and GCSEs, Dr Hawley said colleagues working in the Scottish system feel the government's efforts should focus on the SQA and ensuring examination marking is more robust.
“That's something the state should play a role in,” they added, “but day to day curriculum and the hiring of staff should be within control of head teachers.
“As a profession there's a feeling that there's greater input, interference and constant change that other professionals don't experience.
“A natural consequence is a sense that government doesn't feel that teachers and head teachers can just get on with the job of teaching, and they are restricted to a large extent by frequent government initiatives, red tape and bureaucracy that draws resources away from business.”
Loretto School in Musselburgh, East Lothian is one of Scotland's oldest independent schools. School open mornings will be held on Saturday, September 16 for the Junior School, and Saturday, September 30 for the Senior School. Visit www.loretto.com for details.
Scientists have created a robotic arm to translate spoken words into sign language gestures so that deaf people can understand what is being said.
ASLAN stands for Antwerp's Sign Language Actuating Node – and the robot can be 3D printed from 25 pieces of plastic, meaning it costs as little as $560 to make.
The robot is called ASLAN and works by receiving information from a local digital network, then checking for updated sign languages from all over the world.
Erwin Smet, 57, who is responsible for the students who created ASLAN, said: “This will change life for the deaf community.”
“What we have seen in real situations is that there is a real gap and barrier between the deaf community and the real world – ASLAN can reduce that barrier.”
“The amount of hours of help that the deaf community can get via translators etc is really limited.”
“I see ASLAN as something being put in deaf people's backpacks – they can carry it with them, to lectures, to anywhere – there is a need for this.”
Erwin explained that this robot is unique because of the low-cost nature of it and because it can be recreated anywhere by anybody who can use a 3D printer.
They said: “We started some years ago, with the idea that students who are not able to hear, could use some help in everyday life to communicate.”
“It should be something that is reliable, cheap and gives you the opportunity to program it with different languages.”
“We started with small steps – with just one hand, and then the wrist, and then the elbow too.”
“We began with characters, like individual letters in the alphabet. Then we looked at how we could translate the human hand simply into mechanics.”
“We didn't need every single joint in the hand, so we went for 16 joints in total – all the research was done by masters students, to give them the opportunity to learn and design at the same time.”
“This is a low-cost robot arm, that, when fully developed, can change the lives of all people who use it.”
Erwin Smet, from Antwerp, Belgium, foresees ASLAN assisting some of the 70 million people who rely on sign language, within the next five years.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Broadway Gold Mining Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: BRD) ( OTCQB : BDWYF) ( FRANKFURT : BGH.F) ("Broadway" or the "Company") announces assay results from drill holes C17-04, C17-05 and C17-06 of its 2017 surface drilling campaign at its 100%-owned Madison copper-gold project in the historic Butte-Anaconda mining region of Montana, USA.
Highlights from C17-05 include:
129-foot section grading 1.47% copper and 0.42 grams per tonne (g/t) gold between 479 feet and 608 feet including a 48-foot interval grading 2.13% copper and 0.18 g/t gold including a 21-foot interval grading 2.83% copper and 0.99 g/t gold. Visible native copper was noted throughout the entire 129-foot interval.
Individual three-foot samples from the interval ranged from a low of 0.234% to a high of 7.015% copper with 36 of the 43 samples returning values in excess of 0.5%.
In addition, an 18-foot interval returned 1.64 g/t gold and 0.04% copper and a second 24-foot interval returned 0.60% copper and 0.02 g/t gold.
Highlights from C17-04 include:
24-foot section grading 1.17 g/t gold and 0.05% copper between 267 feet and 291 feet with gold values ranging from 0.037 to 2.79 g/t gold.
12-foot section grading 0.81 g/t gold and 0.20% copper and between 360 feet and 372
Highlights from C17-06 include:
39-foot section grading 0.71 g/t gold and 0.001% copper and between 379 feet and 418 feet with gold values ranging from 0.092 to 1.878 g/t gold.
Assay Results Summary
Hole From To Interval Copper Gold (ft) (ft) (ft) (m) (%) (g/t) (oz/t) C17-05 479 608 129 39.3 1.47 0.42 0.035 including 524 572 48 14.6 2.13 0.18 0.004 including 566 587 21 10.1 2.83 0.99 0.143 C17-05 353 371 18 5.5 0.04 1.64 0.272 419 443 24 7.3 0.60 0.02 0.051 C17-06 379 418 39 11.9 0.001 0.71 0.086 C17-04 267 291 24 7.3 0.50 1.17 0.006 C17-04 360 372 12 3.7 0.20 0.81 0.001
The complete assay results for the intervals can be found on the current exploration page of the Company's website. The true thickness of the copper zone has not yet been established.
Hole C17-05 was collared on Section 16 as shown on the drill location plan with an objective to target copper mineralization 36 metres below C17-01 (previously announced returning 156 feet of 1.01% copper). The main 117-foot copper interval between 479 feet and 596 feet hit a jasperoid zone containing native copper and copper oxide minerals and first observation of chalcocite, followed by a 12-foot section between 596 feet and 608 feet characterized as an epidote - hedenbergite through epidote - diopside - garnet skarn zone. A second copper interval between 419 feet and 443 feet higher up in the hole was found and characterized as a jasperoid gossan zone containing copper oxides. The 18-foot gold interval between 353 feet and 371 feet was found within a 24-foot-thick polylithic breccia and limestone.
Hole C17-04 was collared on Section 17 as shown on the drill location plan with an objective to target the jasperoid zone. The copper interval in C17-04 was contained in a 12-foot jasperoid zone with no visible copper mineralization noted in the core. We believe that C17-04 appears to have missed our target and just caught the top of the jasperoid zone. As detailed in the previous news release, the jasperoid zone appears to begin approximately 300 to 400 feet below surface. The gold interval higher in the hole was contained in the lower 24 feet of a 60-foot-thick polylithic breccia and limestone.
Hole C17-06 was collared on Section 15 as shown on the drill location map with an objective to target the jasperoid zone below C17-07. This deeper hole intersected a series of epidote and epidote/diopside/garnet skarn zones but did not intersect the jasperoid. The 39-foot gold interval from 379 feet to 418 feet was located in the epidote skarn with disseminated pyrite.
The surface drilling results delivered from six holes to date continue to confirm the presence of native and oxide copper mineralization including some chalcocite copper minerals over significant widths in areas west of the main underground workings. Management is pleased with this relatively new information collected as the previous operators did not sample and assay these skarn zones and sections for copper and gold. Rather, they focused more on high-grade gold mining extraction from the underground 600-foot level. The next three surface holes of 12 drill holes remaining have been logged, sampled and shipped to ALS Minerals Laboratory in North Vancouver, British Columbia for analysis.
Broadway has also completed drilling of six underground holes. Assay results will be released once received and reviewed, with two of the holes already at the lab.
The drill is currently idle at C17-19 waiting on the completion of a down-the-hole geophysical survey due to the presence of semi and massive sulphides visually identified in a number of underground and surface drill holes. The survey known as Mise ala Masse will assist management in tracing the sulphide zone(s) for targeting future drilling. The survey will also assist with the interpretation of the deep IP survey completed late last year. Results of the Mise ala Masse survey will be released once completed.
All analyses were completed at the ALS Minerals Laboratory in North Vancouver, British Columbia, an ISO/IEC 17025:2005 certified facility. Broadway is utilizing a program of third-party standards and blanks inserted at regular intervals through the sample stream as its QA/QC program. AK Drilling, Inc. of Butte, Montana is the contractor performing the surface drilling programs.
Sample Preparation and Quality Control
Supervision, organization and splitting of drilling core samples were undertaken by company personnel. Samples were collected at three-foot intervals from half core samples. Samples were catalogued by Broadway geologists and stored in a secure location. Certified reference standards were placed in the sample stream of each drill hole at random intervals. Blank material was also inserted at random intervals. Samples were packed into rice bags, zap strapped and securely stored until they were turned over to the local trucking company for transport to the ALS Minerals Laboratory in North Vancouver, B.C.
Laboratory Quality Assurance/Quality Control
Quality control samples from the lab include numerous control blanks, duplicates and standards. Reference standards used include OREAS-904, OREAS-45b, OGGeo08 and PGMS25. No issues were noted with analytical accuracy or precision.
Assay Techniques
Three different assay procedures were designed by ALS Minerals for the samples, based on the presence of copper sulfides or oxides, and native copper. The standard assay procedure of Au-ICP21 and Cu-ICP61 was applied to most of the samples. Au-ICP21 is a 30 gram fire assay with an ICP-AES finish. ICP61 is a 4 acid digestion of a 1 gram sample with an ICP finish. Samples with visible copper mineralization received a Cu-OG62 copper analysis, a four acid digestion of a 0.5 grams sample with ICP-AES finish. OG62 has a copper range from 0.001 to 40%, while the ICP61 analysis has a copper maximum range of 10,000 ppm. Samples with visible native copper received a duplicate Cu-OG62 analysis that included a WSH-22 procedure where the pulverizers are cleaned with barren material after every sample. Over-limit copper values from the ICP61 analyses received an OG62 procedure to determine the final Cu grade.
Qualified Person
R. Tim Henneberry, P.Geo., a Director of Broadway and a Qualified Person as defined by NI 43-101, has reviewed and approved the technical information contained in this news release.
About Broadway Gold Mining Ltd.
Broadway Gold Mining Ltd. is a resource company focused on development-stage projects with unexploited exploration potential. The company owns a 100% interest in the Madison copper-gold project located in the Butte-Anaconda mining region of Montana, USA. The Madison project is permitted for exploration and contains a past-producing underground mine that Broadway has refurbished. While actively expanding known copper and gold zones that remain open for development in the mine's perimeter, the company's exploration program has identified new anomalies across its extensive land package that provide compelling drill targets that are believed to be associated with large-scale porphyry mineralization.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange Inc. nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of The TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for their response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for their ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... they will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on their resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said they were acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of their own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in their remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left their business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
Fr. Ignatius on the contrast in today's readings between the letter of the law in the old covenant and the spirit of Christ and Their Gospel in the new covenant.Ave Maria!Mass: Wednesday 10th Week of Ordinary Time - Wkdy1st: 2co 3:4-11Resp: psa 99:5, 6, 7, 8, 9 0Gsp: mat 5:17-19
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,433) Homily (5,493) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,130) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,141) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (518) Promo (14) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (813) Fi News (383) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (293) Ave Maria Meditations (1,249) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (309) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (329) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (54) Fatima 100 Years (0)
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
It was 16 years ago when Erik Weihenmayer climbed 29,000 feet to the top of Mount Everest and it was more than 30 years ago when they went blind.
Weihenmayer is known an extreme adventurist, traveling around the world testing and pushing their limits. Their moto in life is ‘No Barriers.' Weihenmayer says, they will never let their blindness become a barrier in their life.
“I was trapped in this little prison. I think you gain a certain sense of empathy for people and their barriers and it goes well beyond blindness it goes to all of humanity. People who struggle with physical barriers but also invisible barriers and those are sometimes the worst ones.”
After becoming the first blind man to climb Mount Everest, Weihenmayer wanted others dealing with their own barriers to face the uncertainty of a new adventure.
Weihenmayer says, “when you compare yourself to others it becomes de-motivational, like why should I try. It becomes another barrier, that guy climbed Everest, I could never do that. And that becomes a barrier it becomes like an excuse as to why you shouldn't pursue what you want to do.”
In 2004, Weihenmayer along with a few others created the 'No Barrier Summit', where people with all abilities come together to help each other tear down the walls that have been holding them back. Weihenmayer says, “watching them do that and going through a transformative experience where those walls come down is like the most powerful thing you'll ever encounter in life.”
Almost a decade after No Barriers was created, Weihenmayer decided to take on another extreme adventure, except this time it was an idea that seemed nearly impossible. They decided to kayak 277 miles through the class 9 white waters of the Colorado River.
Weihenmayer explained, “it was one of the hardest things I have ever done, just because it was so overwhelming, I sort of felt like it was sensory overload.”
After 6 years of practicing, they finally accomplished their dream and says, “life is about climbing, it's about ascending, it's about moving forward and trying to evolve and grow and transform and challenge yourself to the day you die.”
Bloomingdale delays stormwater project near Indian Lakes
hello
A proposal by Bloomingdale officials to use 34.4 acres of open space near Indian Lakes Resort to address flooding concerns has been placed on hold. Daily Herald file photo
Lingering questions about Indian Lakes Resort have forced Bloomingdale officials to delay a planned stormwater project for the area.
The village purchased the southernmost part of Indian Lakes in 2007 to preserve that 34.4 acres as open space. Officials have since envisioned using the land between Meadowlark Road and Cardinal Drive for an additional benefit: flood control.
The plan is to transform the site into a passive park with a trail, landscaping, parking lot and several ponds to alleviate flooding.
Mayor Franco Coladipietro said the village was going to look for ways to pay for the estimated $4.5 million project.
But now the work is on hold because a developer wants to build hundreds of houses for empty nesters on roughly 190 acres that used to be Indian Lakes' golf course.
"We didn't start the next step of how to fund it because this all happened," Coladipietro said Monday.
Village Administrator Pietro Scalera said it would be unwise for Bloomingdale to proceed.
"The hope is we'll be able to move forward with the process to determine what will happen on the golf course," Scalera said. "Then that will allow us to move forward with our project."
So far, it's unclear when the village will review developer K. Hovnanian T & C Homes' proposal to rezone the course and build 535 ranch-style houses for residents 55 and older.
Frustrated by the delay, First ILR LLC, which owns the 223-acre Indian Lakes property along Schick Road, recently joined with K. Hovnanian to sue the village. They are asking a DuPage County judge to order Bloomingdale to review the project's preliminary plan.
Village officials insist a review can't be done because of K. Hovnanian's rezoning request. They say final engineering is needed for a rezoning.
K. Hovnanian, however, doesn't believe it should be required to do final engineering at this point.
Meanwhile, officials say having a golf course didn't stop yards and streets from flooding around Indian Lakes. Bloomingdale prevented the problems from getting worse by spending $4.9 million to buy the 34.4 acres and protect it from development.
"You've got all that open space right now," Coladipietro said "We still need this project in order to alleviate some stormwater issues."
Two women are fighting for their lives after their car crashed into a lake in Hamilton Township, New Jersey.
A 40-year-old woman was driving a 1998 Subaru Impreza eastbound on S. Broad Street near the Rt. 195 east exit ramp around 9 a.m. Saturday when they lost control and struck a guard rail. After striking the rail, the vehicle continued to accelerate as it drove across the median, traveled across westbound S. Broad Street and into Gropps Lake where it submerged.
The two women were trapped inside the vehicle until responding firefighters extracted them. Both victims were taken to Capital Health System-Fuld where they are both in critical condition.
Officials are investigating the cause of the crash. If you have any information, please call the Hamilton Police Traffic Unit at 609-581-4000. You can also leave an anonymous tip with Hamilton Police at 609-581-4008.
BUCKSPORT — Singer-songwriter Stesha Cano and The Wicked Freakin' Jerks will be performing on Wednesday, Aug. 16, from 5:30-7 p.m. at the Lighthouse Arts Center, 86 Main St. in Bucksport.
The concert is part of the town's Wednesday on Main summer event series.
Cano has been making music in multiple genres since they stepped on the scene in 2005. Singing jazz standards, rhythm and blues or modern pop, they breathe life into every syllable. Ever expanding and refining their sultry, soulful sound, and after a season in the hallowed jazz halls of New Orleans, Cano and their band create tight, playful sounds, rife with improvisation and joy.
The suggested donation is $10.
For more information, call Paula Kee at 266-7999 or visit www.bucksportwom.com.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
2:20 2 teens charged with murder in death of Sam Poss
1:00 $50 million downtown project
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
SOUTH EASTON, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Pressure BioSciences, Inc. ( OTCQB : PBIO) ("PBI" or the "Company"), a leader in the development and sale of broadly enabling, pressure cycling technology ("PCT")-based sample preparation solutions to the worldwide life sciences industry, today announced that Mr. Joseph L. Damasio Jr. joined the Company as its Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") on April 10, 2017.
Mr. Damasio has over 20 years of finance and accounting experience, most recently as Finance Director at Nelipak Packaging, a private equity backed medical packaging manufacturer with over $100M in global annual sales. Before joining Nelipak, Mr. Damasio held various financial positions at CP Bourg, IQE KC, and Kopin Corporation. Prior to Kopin, Mr. Damasio was employed by Pressure BioSciences, Inc., first as Accounting Manager (2007), then as Controller (2008), and finally as Vice President of Finance and Administration (2011). Prior to joining PBI, Mr. Damasio was a senior accountant at BearingPoint, Inc. (formerly KPMG Consulting) and an auditor at PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLP. Mr. Damasio began their financial career with NEN Life Science Products Inc., a subsidiary of PerkinElmer Inc. Mr. Damasio earned a bachelor's degree in accounting, with honors, from the University of Massachusetts. They hold an MBA and MSF from Boston College and is a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts.
"The Company has developed and is beginning to implement a comprehensive fiscal plan that we believe is both achievable and sustainable, while supporting continued growth," said Mr. Damasio. "Among its many goals, the plan calls for an up-list to the NASDAQ stock market, the addition of personnel in key areas, a strong focus in and expansion of sales and marketing, and a march towards profitability. I look forward to being part of the senior management team at PBI, and am grateful for the opportunity to help define the Company's future."
Mr. Richard T. Schumacher, President and CEO of PBI, commented: "We are delighted to have Joe re-join the senior management team at PBI. During their five years away, Joe gained a wealth of knowledge and experience that we believe will help us significantly as we look to accelerate the Company's growth on our path to profitability and long-term success. Welcome back, Joe."
About Pressure BioSciences, Inc.
Pressure BioSciences, Inc. ("PBI") ( OTCQB : PBIO) develops, markets, and sells proprietary laboratory instrumentation and associated consumables to the estimated $6 billion life sciences sample preparation market. Our products are based on the unique properties of both constant (i.e., static) and alternating (i.e., pressure cycling technology, or PCT) hydrostatic pressure. PCT is a patented enabling technology platform that uses alternating cycles of hydrostatic pressure between ambient and ultra-high levels to safely and reproducibly control bio-molecular interactions. To date, we have installed over 250 PCT systems in approximately 160 sites worldwide. There are over 100 publications citing the advantages of the PCT platform over competitive methods, many from key opinion leaders. Our primary development and sales efforts are in biomarker discovery, drug discovery and design, and forensics. Our products are also used in other areas, such as bio-therapeutics characterization, soil & plant biology, vaccine development, histology, and counter-bioterror applications.
Forward Looking Statements
Statements contained in this press release regarding PBI's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, or predictions of the future are "forward-looking'' statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the Company's current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and other reports filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any of the information included in this release, except as otherwise required by law.
For more information about PBI and this press release, please click on the following website link:
http://www.pressurebiosciences.com
Please visit us on Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter.
Final push for Moore and Jones in Alabama Senate race
hello
FILE- In this June 21, 2016 file photo, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., listens at a U.S. monetary policy meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington. Most statewide Republican officeholders in Alabama say they're voting for Roy Moore for U.S. Senate. But the state's senior U.S. senator, Shelby, didn't vote for Moore. Associated Press
Pastor Arthur Price Jr., preaches during a 16th Street Baptist church service, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Birmingham, Ala. Price told the mostly black congregation that Alabama's U.S. Senate election is too important to skip. "There's too much at stake for us to stay home," Price said of Tuesday's election. Associated Press
Democratic senatorial candidate Doug Jones, leaves after speaking at a campaign rally Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Birmingham, Ala. Associated Press
FILE - In this Dec. 5, 2017 photo, former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally, in Fairhope Ala. Alabama voters pick between Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones on Tuesday. Associated Press
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. -- Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
And while Trump themselves didn't campaign in the state after Moore was hit with allegations of sexual misconduct, the president recorded an audio message for robocalls that went to voters on Monday - underscoring the importance to Trump's agenda of keeping the seat in Republican hands.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
"This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for," Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign "is on the right side of history." At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is "at a crossroads" and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to "create conflict and division."
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
"Elect a responsible man to a responsible office," Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. "I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom," said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, "will be a whole new bottom."
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another "distinguished" party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
"Everyone has to vote their convictions," said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. "My conviction is he's the right man for the job."
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands "on the word of God." Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them "defeat the elite," a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
"If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold," Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones "a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer," the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. "Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda," the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor. Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as "the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore."
-----
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
YouTube
A father's frantic journey to get their daughter to safety during the recent Las Vegas shooting was captured on video inside of a taxicab. CBS 8 News in Vegas uncovered the amazing story of a taxicab driver assisting the father and driving into harm's way to locate their daughter, Ashley Movil.
As seen in the chilling dashcam footage, the father gets into a taxi driven by John Zerquera-Jimenez and immediately tells them Movil is in danger and they need to get to them
Movil and their husband were at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival Sunday, where a shooter killed 58 people and injured almost 500 more after opening fire on the concert crowd from a 32nd-floor hotel room at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.
“I've got to get my daughter,” the man says to Zerquera-Jimenez, warning them that it may be dangerous. “Hurry up, there's a shooting going on there. Please, get me there as fast as you can … You've got to do whatever you've got to do.”
At one point, the father speaks on the phone with Movil, telling them to remain calm and to meet them at a Motel 6 near the chaotic shooting scene. As Zerquera-Jimenez continues driving, the father tells them that he's going to give them some extra money on top of the fare for the good deed. But Zerquera-Jimenez rejects the offer, explaining the gesture wasn't necessary.
“No, no, no, man, I'm a father too, I can do that for free,” they say.
As they arrive at the Motel 6, a camera pointing out of the windshield shows Movil and their husband sprinting to the car as others flee around them. A large group of people comes up to the taxi with the couple, and the driver encourages them to load up as many people as possible inside of the vehicle.
“Thank you, I don't know you but I love you,” a female voice says before Zerquera-Jimenez speeds away.
Watch the dramatic video below:
After helping the group to safety, Zerquera-Jimenez told KHON2 News that they went back and helped another group of five people.
The next day, Movil sent the driver a text message and expressed them gratitude.
Hi John, it's Ashley. Thank you so much for being so brave to come toward the shooting to rescue us. You are a hero and my family and I will always be grateful for your bravery that night.
Zerquera-Jimenez told KHOUN2 News during the interview that they felt “at peace” for coming to the rescue.
A similar incident occurred for another Vegas taxi driver. The Yellow Checker Star employee arrived at the the shooting scene and offered a hand, as seen on their vehicle's dashcam. With shots audible in the background as they try to find out what's going on, the driver approaches a group of people looking for help. They offer to load up as many people as possible and take them wherever they needed to go.
“We've got a guy shot in the corner,” a male's voice can be heard as a woman asks the driver if they can take them to the hospital.
The group of people cram into the car as the unidentified driver takes them to the medical facility.
Watch the video below:
Investigators are still searching for a motive in the shooting, which they say was committed by 64-year-old Stephen Paddock. Police say Paddock fired into the crowd of more than 22,000 people for about 15 minutes before they turned the gun on themselves and committed suicide.
Springfield business person, Harry Cooper, has died. They were the third generation owner of Harry Cooper Supply Company on Sherman Parkway near Chestnut Expressway.
According to the City of Springfield, Cooper was the primary donor and namesake for Cooper Park, including the Lake Country Soccer Fields, Killian Sports Complex and Cooper Tennis Complex. They also purchased the Springfield Lasers pro tennis team for the Park Board in 1996.
The Springfield-Greene County Park Board said Monday park officials and the Springfield Lasers are “deeply saddened” by the passing of their longtime benefactor and friend.
Springfield Mayor Ken McClure said they send their condolences to Cooper's family and friends.
According to McClure, “Harry was a good man who set a great example for business and civic engagement in our community. They did so much for Springfield and will be missed. Their legacy, however, lives on.”
Cooper was 91-years-old.
FILE - In this Oct. 10, 2010 file photo, Israeli author and journalist David Grossman reacts after receiving the peace prize of the German booktrade, in Frankfurt, Germany. Grossman has won the Man Booker International Prize for their novel “A Horse Walks Into a Bar.” The award was announced Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in London. (AP Photo/dapd, Thomas Lohnes, File)
The Associated Press
Israeli author David Grossman has won the Man Booker International Prize for their novel "A Horse Walks Into a Bar."
The award was announced Wednesday in London.
Grossman beat out five other finalists, including fellow Israeli author Amos Oz for the counterpart to Britain's prestigious Booker Prize. Grossman's novel is about a failing standup comic and their final performance.
The award has a prize of 50,000 pounds ($64,000) that is split evenly between Grossman and translator Jessica Cohen.
The prize was previously a career honor, but changed last year to recognize a single book in a bid to increase the profile of international fiction in English-speaking countries.
Last year the prize was awarded to "The Vegetarian" by South Korea's Han Kang.
The Vegas Golden Knights have a few extra days to rest and figure out who their opponent will be in the Western Conference Finals. Fans also have a few extra days to start budgeting for tickets, which will be expensive.
"Well, whoever it's going to be is going to be one heck of a team. They finished with more points than we did," General Manager George McPhee said on Monday. "May not be a bad thing to start on the road, this time around. Something a little bit different."
[RELATED: Golden Knights advance in Stanley Cup Playoffs after Sharks victory, 3-0]
From a hockey standpoint, the Golden Knights aren't afraid of the Winnipeg Jets or Nashville Predators. The Golden Knights have a winning record against both teams in the regular season.
From a ticketing standpoint, prices will almost certainly be higher if the Winnipeg Jets beat the Nashville Predators on the road in Game 7. Canadians love hockey, and Canadians love Las Vegas. Jets fans are expected to buy as many tickets as they can.
"They're a relatively new franchise as well, not too many years before the Vegas expansion they rejoined the league and they sold out their tickets relatively quickly. I mean it was something like 15 minutes they sold out their season," said Toby Baptist, the director of operations for LasVegasTickets.com.
"Not to knock on San Jose that we just played but it's a weekend in San Jose versus a weekend in Vegas. They're probably much happier to see us than they are to go to San Jose."
The Golden Knights have already had the most expensive tickets in the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Baptist said they think the price to get in will be approximately $400. "Just to get in" means you might not even have seats.
"There are standing room only, there are standing room obstructed view," they said. "I think there's even some standing room no view."
The Nashville Predators will host the Winnipeg Jets for Game 7 on Thursday.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Capistrano Dispatch
A 34-year-old San Juan Capistrano woman pleaded guilty on Monday to federal charges of embezzling more than $1.5 million from their Orange County consulting business clients, which include small business owners in San Juan Capistrano and San Clemente.
Elizabeth Jane Mulder, who also goes by “Lizzie,” was the “owner and operator of Mulder Financial Consulting—a financial services company that provided accounting, tax and bookkeeping services,” according to the U.S. Attorney's Office. Mulder pleaded guilty to “wire fraud and subscribing to a false income tax return for failing to disclose the misappropriated funds to the Internal Revenue Service.”
Mulder spent the money they embezzled in a variety of ways—from renting a home in Laguna Beach, to purchasing cosmetic surgery, vacations and horse rentals, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
“In total, Mulder's fraudulent scheme resulted in the theft of approximately $1,538,771 from several Orange County-based businesses, including JAC Wines in San Clemente, Kurtz-Ahlers & Associates in San Juan Capistrano and Andra Builders, Inc. in Costa Mesa,” officials said.
According to the Laguna Beach Police Department, other businesses that were impacted by the embezzlement include Toni & Guy Hair Salon (Newport Beach), Bella Pilates (San Clemente) and California Print 2 Copy (Irvine).
“On January 26, 2016, LBPD Economic Crimes Detectives began a fraud investigation against Elizabeth Mulder, a resident of Laguna Beach,” LBPD officials said. “The investigation began when a Laguna Beach business owner identified Mulder as their accountant and alleged that Mulder embezzled $200,000 from their wine business, JAC Wines.”
The U.S. Attorney's Office reported that Mulder stole the money from small business clients by gaining the trust of the business owners. Mulder then convinced their clients to make checks payable to “Income Tax Payments,” promising them that those payments would satisfy their outstanding IRS tax obligations and would be forwarded to the appropriate tax authority. Instead, Mulder deposited the checks into a bank account they created and used the funds for their own personal expenditures.
Mulder is scheduled to be sentenced by U.S. District Judge David Carter on Oct. 16. They face a statutory maximum penalty of 23 years in prison and a fine of $350,000.
The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, IRS Criminal Investigation, and the Laguna Beach Police Department, Investigations Division.
“Christ in the Passover” presentation Today, 6:30pm at West Independence United Methodist Church, Fostoria. Free.
(419-894-6454)
Blood Donation Drives Tomorrow, Noon-6pm at Parkview Christian Church (SR12E) and Friday, 11am-5pm at St. Mark's United Methodist Church. Walk-ins welcome, or make an appointment at: www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Blood Donation Drive on Friday, 11am-5pm at Vanlue High School. Walk-ins welcome, or make an appointment at: www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
The Columbus Grove High School spring musical “The Drowsy Chaperone” will be presented on Friday & Saturday, 7pm each evening. General admission $7, Reserved seating $10. Call the high school office for tickets.
(419-659-2156)
Blood Donation Drive on Saturday, 8:30am-2:30pm at Trinity Lutheran School, Jenera. Walk-ins welcome, or make an appointment at: www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Blood Donation Drive on Tuesday, March 27, 8:45am-1:45pm at McComb High School. Walk-ins welcome, or make an appointment at: www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Quarterly meeting of the Blanchard Valley Chapter of the Battle of the Bulge Association on Thursday, March 29, 1pm at Kathy's Korner Restaurant, Arcadia. Meeting to include lunch and a presentation on the Tuskegee Airmen. All veterans and their families are welcome.
(419-435-3588)
Blood Donation Drive on Thursday March 29, 12:30-5:30pm at Pandora United Methodist Church. Walk-ins welcome, or make an appointment at: www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
The annual Easter Musical Drama “No Greater Love” will be presented on Thursday & Friday, March 29-30, 7pm and Saturday, March 31, 2pm at Upper Room Church of God (W Bigelow Ave). Free, advance tickets required – call to RSVP.
(419-422-8017)
Blood Donation Drive on Friday, March 30, 9am-3pm at the Hancock County Red Cross office (Fair St). Walk-ins welcome, or make an appointment at: www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
All-you-can-eat Fish Fry on Friday, March 30, 5-7pm at the Forest VFW and American Legion. Cost $10, carry-out available. Proceeds benefit their scholarship fund.
(419-722-3289)
3rd annual “Spring Into Health” Health Fair on Thursday, April 5, 10am-1pm at Good Shepherd Home, Fostoria. Health information for every member of the family, all ages. Lunch available.
(419-937-1801)
Dinner & Gospel Sing on Saturday, April 7 at the South Side Restaurant (S Main St) and Sunday, April 8 at the Iron Skillet Restaurant, North Baltimore. Dinner at 5pm, music at 6pm.
(419-934-5456)
“YOU-nique: God's Special Possession” Interdenominational Women's Conference on Saturday, April 14 at Camden Falls Conference Center, Tiffin. Guest speaker, music, fellowship, more. Cost $28, includes lunch and continental breakfast. Presented by Women ACT (Acclaiming Christ Together). Call for reservations.
(419-448-4812 or 419-448-9852)
“Walk a Mile In Them Shoes” to benefit Open Arms Domestic Violence and Rape Crisis Services on Saturday, April 28, 10:30am at Riverside Park, with a Kickoff Party on Friday, April 27, 5-7pm at The Gathering (Cost $20, call for tickets). To register as a walker, team or volunteer, visit: www.OpenArmsFindlay.com
(419-420-9261)
“Color Me Happy” Walk & 5K to fight the stigma of mental illness on Saturday, May 19 at Riverside Park. Registration at 9am, walk/run at 10am, family events until 3pm. Registration $45/Adults, $10/Age 6-12. Sponsored by NAMI of Hancock County. For info: www.NAMIHancockCounty.org
(419-425-5988)
The Findlay “Great Strides” Walk to cure Cystic Fibrosis will be Sunday, May 20 at Riverbend. Check-in at 1pm, walk begins at 2pm. For info: www.CFF.org/GreatStrides
(248-269-8759)
On the one-month anniversary of the horrific massacre of 14 students and three teachers at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas high school in Parkland Florida, students at more than 3,000 schools around the country left their classrooms Wednesday to rally in support of protecting students from gun violence.
Starting at 9 a.m. March 14, cable television broadcast the images of tens of thousands of students on the East coast pouring out of hundreds of schools chanting “This is what democracy looks like,” and “We will not be silent.”
Right at 10 a.m., nearly the entire student body of the Forest Park Middle School in near west suburban Forest Park followed suit, trekking out to the school's playground for a 40-minute rally.
The event was primarily intended to call for an end to gun violence. But there were also calls for an end to bullying by students, a desire for allowing kids to just be kids and not have to worry about “adult issues” like lethal firearms, and demands that elected officials take substantive actions to protect students.
One of Wednesday's rally organizers, eighth-grader Ryan Taylor, held up a sign that read, “We are District 91. We want change.”
Another student organizer, Ariel Smith, spoke first, opining, “There is no reason for assault rifles. (They) just cause destruction, whether you're at a concert or in church or in school.”
Bemoaning a society that “hasn't learned anything” from the tragic litany of school shootings, they asked, “What will it take? How many people have to die?”
One girl mourned the unexpected and violent end to so many young lives, saying, “They weren't able to finish their lessons. Instead, they finished their lives there.”
“I shouldn't have to worry about things that are adult matters,” they said.
In a not so veiled slap at President Donald Trump, one boy said, “Many of our elected officials aren't doing anything about it except tweeting.”
“Those kids who were killed, they didn't know that day was going to be (their last day),” said another.
Alice Goodman stood off to the side with several other adults, watching their niece Ariel Smith stand with their fellow rally organizers. They said they were proud of their niece's willingness to stand up and give voice to what they believed in.
“I feel that this is awesome,” Goodman said. “She's been really active in it, and really excited about it. They just kind of took the lead and put this together.”
Principal Joe Pisano was also pleased with their student's project. They said they were approached by several eighth-grade students in the days following the shooting in Florida. Six students, Kayla Chandler, Ryan Taylor, Ariel Smith, Ian O'Connor, Aaliyah Bailey and Anaya Marks, worked with Pisano to plan, organize and publicize the event.
“This was all their idea, their thing,” they said. “With some guidance and coordinating with some of their teachers.”
Pisano, a former Social Studies teacher, called the student's interest in expressing their views on school shootings “a teachable moment.”
While the day was widely referred to nationally as a “walkout,” the Forest Park students organized a rally in cooperation with school authorities.
“They thought just walking out and not really saying anything would confuse the message,” Pisano said. “
The six rally organizers spent hours planning the rally over lunchtimes and writing speeches. On Tuesday they spent more than an hour after school making antiviolence posters for display at Wednesday's rally.
“There was a lot of passion involved in that,” Pisano said. “When you see the passion that the students had … to create something and share that with their peers and involve the whole school community, was an opportunity, it was a teachable moment for them.”
“This was an opportunity for them to express their first amendment right. And this is what democracy looks like.”
Pisano said they were pleased both with the concept and execution of the rally.
“I give 'em an A,” they said. “I thought they did a really, really great job.”
— Forest Park students rally in support of Florida victims —
Hina, Vikas, Rocky & Priyank
The two foes-turned-friends along with Rocky and Priyank Sharma had fun and also went for a movie. Priyank and Hina's friend, Luv Tyagi was missing as they were busy in Delhi!
Hina Watched Padmavat With The Trio
Hina was quoted by BT as saying, "Vikas and I have met outside the house many times. We even watched Padmaavat along with Ro (Rocky) and Priyank. Vikas and I could never get along inside the house."
Vikas Saw Hina As Their Competitor; What About Shilpa?
Hina also says that Vikas saw ONLY them as their competitor! Well, did they forget to mention Shilpa? It has to be recalled that both Hina and Vikas seemed insecure about Shilpa's popularity (fan following), especially after the Mall Task.
Hina Says…
"He (Vikas) told me that they saw only me as their competition and I took it as a compliment. We are like-minded people and we knew that we will bond well outside the house and now we are."
Hina Is In Touch With Priyank & Vikas!
"We couldn't connect on 'Bigg Boss' because we were in a competitive zone. However, that doesn't mean that we can't be friends outside the house. They call me and we are in touch with each other. I am in touch with Priyank as well."
Rocky & Vikas
Vikas and Hina's boyfriend, Rocky too, bonded well, and the trio has been catching up regularly. Hina added, "Vikas is very close to Ro and relates to him. In fact, Ro told them in front of me that they were their favourite player."
Hina Wants To Slap Luv!
Regarding Luv, Hina told another entertainment portal, "I am so angry at Luv, I want to slap them right now. In fact, yesterday only when I was talking to him, I told them that you are very busy and you've become a celebrity and all, ha?"
Luv Wants To Become A Commoner Again!
They further added, "But they said I am actually trying to become a commoner again from the celebrity that I've become. But never mind ya, they are keeping really busy so yes I need to get my hand over them and meet up."
“I still just wake up and I just feel injured, you know? I'm not like, ‘oh I got bit by a shark,' just like ‘my foot's hurt.' That's all I t…
Istanbul's Atatürk Airport (IST) is scheduled to close in 2018, when a giant new airport for Istanbul opens.
Under the guidance of TAV Airports, the concessionaire for 17 years, Atatürk has grown to be one of the busiest airports in Europe, with the incumbent national carrier Turkish Airlines establishing a hub there over the last decade to rival the one at Dubai for regional and even global dominance.
This report looks at the present and (limited) future growth trends at IST, local airport statistics, how it matches up to other airports across a range of metrics, at what remains of construction activities there and at its ownership.
It also considers what the future might hold for TAV, since half of its earnings are set to disappear.
Rolling Meadows Alderman Jerry Hill dies
hello
First-term Rolling Meadows Alderman Jerry Hill, whose family was among the city's first residents, has died, officials said.
Hill, 64, who was elected Ward 2 alderman in April, died at home Sunday night, Mayor Len Prejna confirmed Monday. A cause of death was not immediately released.
"Jerry was a lifelong Meadows guy," Prejna said. "Rolling Meadows was in their heart. It was 'Rolling Meadows first.' They just loved this city and its citizens."
Prejna said they and Hill developed a close friendship during the past year, after Prejna -- the former Ward 2 alderman -- decided to run for mayor, and Hill ran unopposed for Prejna's seat on the city council.
Monday, Prejna looked back fondly on times golfing with Hill, and going out to dinner with their wives. They lived six houses away from each other in Ward 2, which is on the city's north side.
But the mayor also praised Hill for the acumen they brought to city finances, developed during a 35-year career at ComEd.
"He just had a brilliant mind," Prejna said. "'Ok, Jerry, you just read through 500 pages. Can you break it down for the mortal man?' Jerry was the type that could take any situation and digest it and bring it down to a simpler form."
Hill's family was among the original residents of Rolling Meadows in the 1950s.
Some two decades ago, they were chairperson of the city's zoning board of appeals. They also served on the city's Diamond Fest committee, and as a youth coach for Rolling Meadows boys baseball and football, according to their candidate profile in a city newsletter last spring.
Retired from ComEd, Hill enjoyed golf and bowling, saying in the profile their favorite place in town was the old bowling alley where they worked in high school and college. It was where they said they met several Rolling Meadows residents, many who remained friends over the years.
Hill was also a co-owner of thoroughbred racehorses, and enjoyed afternoons at Arlington International Racecourse with friends and family. They spent many summer weekends cruising the lake with family at their place in Wisconsin, according to their obituary.
In recent years, they were a frequent presence at city council meetings, speaking during public comment about the fire stations relocation proposal and Dominick's site redevelopment.
Prejna said the council's committee of the whole meeting Tuesday night would continue as scheduled.
Hill is survived by their wife, two children, three grandchildren and several brothers and sisters.
Visitation is scheduled from 3 to 8 p.m. Thursday at Meadows Funeral Home, 3615 Kirchoff Road. The funeral begins at 9:30 a.m. Friday from the chapel to St. Colette Parish for a 10 a.m. Mass. Interment is at St. Michael the Archangel Cemetery in Palatine.
Carbon offsets, charitable sponsorship, sustainable building materials, food shelter donations…the number of possible directions for a conversation on sustainability and corporate social responsibility is almost unlimited. And the folks who tuned into Twitter for #CSRshareDay on April 23 to tweet and share their ideas and best practices hit all these topics and more.
Missed the 24-hour event? You can still go to Twitter and search for #CSRshareDay to read and retweet the posts. Positive Impact Events, the Manchester, U.K.–based organization behind the event, had a goal of reaching 2 million people with the #CSRshareDay tweets.
Here are some of our favorites.
MONTREAL — A man who threw a projectile at Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard at a vigil for victims of the Orlando massacre has pleaded guilty to assault charges.
Esteban Torres was charged after throwing the object at Couillard during a gathering in Montreal's gay village in June 2016 to pay homage to the 49 victims gunned down at a gay night club in Florida.
Torres, 20 at the time of the assault, spoke to the crowd and later tossed an object at the premier, who was not injured but was quickly taken from the area by their security team.
The object in question wasn't recovered, but Torres said at the time it was a ball of paper.
The young transgender rights activist had another charge of disturbing the peace conditionally stayed.
Torres returns to court on Oct. 20.
The Canadian Press
Image copyright Alan Lewis-Photopress Belfast Image caption Margaret and Malachy Goodman left court together following their acquittal
A 59-year-old woman has been cleared of firearms offences linked to the 2014 murder of Belfast man Edward Gibson.
Margaret Goodman walked free from Belfast Crown Court after a prosecuting barrister offered no evidence.
It has also emerged their husband Malachy was acquitted of murdering Edward Gibson at the same court last year.
Mr Gibson was shot in the thigh and stomach in an alley in the Divis area of west Belfast on 24 October, 2014.
The 28-year old was taken to hospital but died from their injuries the following day.
For the first time it can be reported that Malachy Goodman, 61, had been due to stand trial for the murder but was acquitted last May after a jury was directed to return not guilty verdicts due to identification issues.
Image caption Edward Gibson died in hospital from gunshot wounds
Mrs Goodman, of Ballymurphy Parade, Belfast, had been charged with possessing a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life.
The mother of seven and grandmother of 20 also denied the charges and was due to face trial in Belfast.
But after the jury was sworn in at their trial, prosecuting QC David McDowell told them: "On the evidence available, we have come to the conclusion there is no reasonable prospect of a conviction, and we offer no evidence in respect of all three counts."
Judge Geoffrey Miller told the court that in such circumstances, defendants were "entitled to have their names cleared by the jury", and directed the supervisor to return not-guilty verdicts against Mrs Goodman.
Judge Miller then told Mrs Goodman they were free to leave the dock, and they left the court with their husband.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Learner drivers will be allowed on Britain's motorways, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling has announced.
A law change will mean novice motorists can take lessons on motorways with an approved driving instructor in a dual control car from next year.
It is hoped this will provide a broader range of real life experiences and better prepare learners for independent driving when they pass their test.
Mr Grayling said: "The UK has some of the safest roads in the world and we want to make them even safer.
"Younger drivers are up to seven times more likely to be killed or seriously injured compared with drivers over 25 and lack of experience is an important factor.
"Allowing learners to drive on motorways in a supportive environment will help them develop a practical understanding of how to use motorways safely before driving independently."
The Department for Transport consulted on the measure earlier this year and received "wide support" from learner drivers and driving instructors.
Learners are currently not allowed on motorways until they have passed their test.
The Government hopes the new legislation will be passed by Parliament next year.
RAC road safety spokesperson Pete Williams said some drivers find it "daunting" to use motorways for the first time.
"Giving learners the option to gain valuable experience on our fastest and busiest roads should further improve safety and enhance the confidence of new drivers," they said.
AA president Edmund King described a lack of motorway experience as the "Achilles heel" of learner driver tuition.
They went on: "Almost half of motorists know friends or family who avoid driving on motorways. Fears have increased since the introduction of smart motorways without hard shoulders."
But road safety charity Brake warned that the new measure does not go for enough to improve driving standards.
Its director of campaigns Jason Wakeford said: "Rather than allowing learner drivers on the motorway, there should instead be a requirement for all newly-qualified drivers to receive mandatory lessons, including on the motorway, once they've passed their test.
"There needs to be much wider reform to the learning-to-drive system, including a minimum learning period and restrictions for newly-qualified drivers, such as a late night curfew."
US cereal company Post Holdings has agreed to buy British brand Weetabix from China's Bright Food Group in a £1.4 billion (€1.65 billion) deal that will expand its international business, the companies have said.
The deal will add the Weetabix, Alpen and Barbara's brands to a portfolio of cereals including Honey Bunches of Oats and Grape-Nuts.
It will allow for expanded distribution of Post products in a number of international markets, while expanding Weetabix and Barbara's in North America.
"Combining together two category leaders continues our strategy of strengthening our portfolio in stable categories and diversifying into new markets," said Rob Vitale, Post's CEO, in a statement.
Weetabix is Britain's second-largest ready-to-eat cereal maker overall, and Weetabix is the nation's top-selling brand.
The sale marks the end of Chinese ownership of Weetabix after state-owned Bright Food took control of the company from Lion Capital in 2012 amid a major overseas push stretching from Australia to Israel.
Bright agreed to buy a 60% stake in Weetabix in 2012 from private equity firm Lion Capital in a deal that valued it at £1.2 billion.
Baring Private Equity Asia subsequently bought Lion's remaining stake in 2015.
Post said the deal will immediately add to its adjusted operating profit margins and its free cash flow, excluding one-time transaction expenses.
Post also affirmed its 2017 outlook and reported financial results for the second quarter ended 31 March.
It posted net sales of $1.25 billion and a net loss of $4m.
The sale did not signal the end of Bright's international ambitions, Shanghai-based Bright spokesperson Pan Jianjun said.
"This is a part of our internationalisation strategy. Selling assets enables us to better expand. Going forward Bright will stick to our overseas push," they said.
Reuters reported in January that Post Holdings, the No 3 US cereal company, was among four interested parties vying for Weetabix, a business founded 85 years ago.
Bright hired Goldman Sachs to run an auction for the well-known British brand less than five years after the Chinese company agreed to take control of it, with sources familiar with the matter saying Bright had struggled to crack the Chinese market, where many consumers tend to eat hot breakfasts.
Weetabix had earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of £130m in 2016.
Mexican students developing Spanish-Mixtec translator app
Mexico City, May 29 (EFE).- Students at Mexico's National Polytechnic Institute (IPN) are developing a mobile device application that will translate from Spanish to Mixtec, thus contributing to helping preserve that indigenous language.
The institution said in a communique that designing “MixtecApp,” which is compatible with the Android operating system and does not require an Internet connection to be used, took a whole year of research into the Mixtec language plus six months of programming.
After typing a word in Spanish into the app and pushing the “Translate” button, MixtecApp takes care of the rest, filtering and determining if there are orthographic errors. If the word has been entered correctly, the equivalent in the Indian language is displayed.
IPN said that Mixtec is the indigenous language with the fourth-largest number of speakers in Mexico – behind Nahuatl, Maya and Zapotec – and the 700,000 people who speak its more than 40 variations live mainly in the states of Oaxaca and Guerrero.
According to the National Commission for the Development of Indigenous Peoples (CNDI), “the loss of a language means a considerable deterioration for universal culture, since it implies the disappearance of the world view, the cosmogony and the traditional knowledge of a human group.”
There are 68 native languages in Mexico, of which 14 are in danger of disappearing.
The IPN says that in Mexico there are a total of 456,620 Mixtec Indians living in the states of Oaxaca, Guerrero, Baja California, Puebla, Sinaloa, Veracruz, Baja California Sur, Sonora, Morelos, Mexico, Mexico City and Hidalgo.
The project being undertaken by Ernesto Hernandez Bernal and Leo Zuriel Hernendez Castillo, students at the IPN's Superior Mechanical and Electrical Engineering School, seeks to contribute to increasing communication among more and more people.
Ron Burkett spent the last 10 years traveling the country as a corporate trainer for Safety-Kleen. They began to notice that there was one company that was finding success everywhere they went.
“I kept seeing these Dickey's open, and there were lines out the door,” said Burkett. “I found the food was good, I mean they really have good food.”
Dickey's has more than 600 locations open nationwide, though this is only the fifth location in Tennessee.
Burkett and their wife moved to Lebanon five years ago from Dallas, TX. One of the reasons Dickey's was so attractive to Burkett was the beef brisket the company serves.
“Here in the south all barbecue has pulled pork,” said Burkett. “It's hard to get good brisket. When you're coming up out of Texas, those people know how to do brisket.”
When they made the decision to open a location in Lebanon, the company sent them to Dallas for their Barbecue University, a month-long training program that teaches potential franchise owners how to run the store and cook the meats.
Although they don't have any further experience in a restaurant setting, Burkett plans to use their years of business management to put together a good team that can help get Dickey's going.
“I've been managing businesses for other people for my entire career,” said Burkett. “I have the expertise. I don't have any restaurant experience other than Pizza Hut when I was a teenager. What I find is it's a team effort and that's what my strong suit is; I build teams. I can't do it all by myself, I have to have a team of people to help me with this.”
Dickey's is currently undergoing construction with a gran opening scheduled for Sept. 8 barring any setbacks. There is a month of activities planned for when the restaurant does open.
“We don't do the big spectacular grand opening,” said Burkett. “We do a month of soft openings every weekend. We'll have firefighters' night, things of that nature.”
For more information on Dickey's Barbecue Pit and a full menu of what will be offered at the restaurant, visit the website at dickeys.com.
At The NAFA 2018
Most recently, Dulquer Salmaan was in New York and Toronto for the NAFA (North American Film Awards 2018). The actor had won the award for the Best Actor (Popular) for their performances in the films Solo and Parava.
The Groupfie
Earlier, a star-studded groupfie was doing the rounds on social media. In the selfie, which was posted through the Facebook page of Trisha, you can see Dulquer Salmaan, Trisha, Parvathy, Manju Warrier, Tovino Thomas, Vijay Yesudas and Manya.
Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram & Others
Now, a short video clip taken from NAFA 2018 has been doing the rounds on the internet. This particular video features Dulquer Salmaan, along with Kalidas Jayaram and others grooving to the tunes of a super hit Bollywood song, while they came together on stage. Any guesses on the song?
Lungi Dance
Well, Dulquer Salmaan is seen grooving to the tunes of the song Lungi Dance, from the blockbuster Bollywood movie Chennai Express. Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram, Neeraj Madhav, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Gopi Sunder etc., came together on stage and each one of them are seen dancing to the song. Vijay Yesudas who sung the song joined them as well.
WINNER of the Best White Rice category goes to…
JASMINE SUNWHITE
DID YOU KNOW… Rice is gluten and cholesterol free and provides crucial energy to the body?
When it comes to a sumptuous meal of rice and accompanying dishes, you'll want to be eating good-quality grains. Jasmine Sunwhite rice, which is well-loved for its superior quality and fragrance, will surely satisfy your taste buds. Imported from Thailand, once the husk is removed, the rice is packed immediately and shipped to ensure hygiene and quality. Jasmine Sunwhite rice comes in 2kg, 5kg and 10kg packs – you'll love its subtle floral fragrance and fluffy texture when cooked. It's delicious when eaten with side dishes, or even to make the family's favourite chicken rice. Aside from its aroma, Jasmine Sunwhite rice packs in essential nutrients such as calcium, protein, fibre, vitamins B1 and B2, potassium, and sodium.
Illustration by Tim O'Brien
“You can't say ‘hit job' in here.”
I was six months into my tenure as the editor of the New York Observer, and I was schooling my publisher, Jared Kushner, on why ordering up a slam of someone who had crossed their family in business didn't pass the journalistic smell test.
Kushner, in an earlier meeting, had asked for a hit piece on an official at Bank of America, and was now in my office to check on how the story was coming together. I had spent the previous weeks trying to avoid the subject with him, knowing full well that the Observer was never going to pursue a story about an anonymous banker whose only sin was running afoul of the Kushner family.
ICYMI: Former gossip columnist says there's one fact about their past relationship with Trump that's tough to admit
But they were pressing the issue. Finally, in that office meeting in the spring of 2010, I told them the piece was not going to happen, that talk of a “hit job” was a textbook definition of malice, and that I considered the issue closed.
Kushner, then a 28-year-old journalism novice who had so far been deferential to my news judgment, pursed their lips, paused a beat, and ended the conversation.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Thus began the unraveling of my relationship with the man who would become one of the most important advisers to one of the most press-hostile presidents in American history.
A year after that conversation, I would be tossed out, one of five editors at the Observer in the 10 years Kushner served as publisher. My case wasn't helped when I was quoted in a blog post calling the place a “shitshow” under Kushner and their business-side team.
ICYMI: The first reporter to arrive at Vegas gunman's house has covered the story in many ways–except one
Throughout Donald Trump's campaign and into their presidency, I have looked back on my short tenure at the Observer for signs of the anti-press fervor I can only assume Kushner has shaped. How did this socially ambitious real-estate developer, who bought a beloved Manhattan weekly and counted Rupert Murdoch as one of their personal heroes, end up helping to guide an administration that has made the vilification of anyone associated with journalism a central plank? Did Kushner simply inherit the “fake news” mantra from their father-in-law, or did they have a hand in creating it? Were there hints during their tenure at the Observer of what was to come?
It didn't take long at the Observer for me to figure out that Kushner didn't have much respect for the people on their payroll who were reporters. Several times during my time there, when reporters were due merit raises, I went to them in their office building on Fifth Avenue in Midtown—which they bought at such a premium that they nearly broke the family business—for approval to raise their salaries.
The numbers were tiny, sometimes as little as $3,000 or $4,000 per year. But they meant a lot to the people who were getting them, who often were struggling to stay afloat in New York City. At the time, Kushner and Ivanka Trump were newly married, kidless, and living in an enormous loft apartment in lower Manhattan that had the feel of very fancy corporate digs. I didn't spot a single family picture or memento, and the fridge was stocked like a college student's, with cartons of takeout food and little else. When I would approach Kushner about raises for the staff, they would almost always balk, pointing out that if we didn't boost their pay, there was a line of replacements willing to work for the same salary or less. Journalists, in their mind, were essentially interchangeable, and easily replaceable. The fact that they were so poorly paid was evidence, in their mind, that what they did or how they did it could not possibly be that important. On a couple of occasions, they reversed course, pulling the plug on pay raises he'd approved—and that I'd already let the staffers know were coming. (CJR asked Kushner, through a spokesperson, for comment on the issues raised here, and they did not respond.)
I came to believe that Kushner wanted the Observer to succeed not because they believed in what it was, but because they needed it as a bullhorn for their own business interests.
While they are, on the one hand, right—journalism is a notoriously low-paying profession, and there are more willing reporters than there are jobs—his dismissive and even condescending attitude toward the people they had chosen to employ didn't fit with their emerging public persona as a hip, young progressive Manhattan player. Years later, I would recognize that same disdain for journalists coming from their father-in-law, amplified a thousandfold.
Most weeks, Kushner not only didn't read the Observer, they didn't appear to read anything else, either. I never knew them to discuss a book, a play, or anything else that was in the Observer's cultural wheelhouse. Their circle of friends was fairly limited, largely tech executives and other successful business people, a smattering of celebrities, and a coterie of much older successful men, people like Rupert Murdoch, financier Ron Perelman, and the public relations impresario Howard Rubenstein.
Even politics seemed to lie outside their area of interest. Every week, Kushner and I held a conference call with the Observer's editorial writer, who would pitch ideas for the paper's two main editorial slots. These ideas usually touched on state, local, or national politics. Kushner almost never showed any interest in what tended, at the time, to be the hottest and most pressing issues of the day.
They bragged that they never read The New York Times, though they did seem to care what was in the New York tabloids and The Wall Street Journal.
ICYMI: Newspapers are using two troublesome words to describe the Las Vegas shooting
At the time, their father-in-law showed a similar cluelessness. Very early in my tenure, I was asked by Kushner to meet with Donald Trump, as a courtesy visit. I went to Trump Tower, navigated the series of outer offices that surround Trump, and met the future president, who was sitting behind their desk, hands folded, in an office completely dominated by framed magazine covers of himself. I had the impression that they had spent a minute composing himself, even posing himself, before I stepped in.
I didn't entirely know why I was there, and nor, it seemed, did he. They had no words of advice or insights about the Observer or journalism, no thoughts on the news of the day, no story tips. It was clearly a ring-kissing visit, and the fact that I showed up meant the deed was done. “We love Jared,” they repeated, concluding our very short meeting.
While Kushner didn't remotely care about the content of the paper, they cared desperately that it be seen as a financial success. While that is essentially every publisher's job, their interest in turning the business side of the Observer around seemed rooted more in bragging rights than in any commitment to the paper itself. They also made it clear that, compared to their day job of buying and selling real estate in New York City, this journalism stuff wasn't exactly heavy lifting; they treated it as a sort of annoying hobby. (The irony, of course, is that Kushner never was able to replicate the success of Arthur L. Carter, the paper's founder and previous owner. As for their real-estate success, that has been overshadowed by severe debt problems at their flagship on Fifth Avenue—the building where we'd have our weekly meetings—and some critical stories about rough tactics their company used to force out people who were late in paying their rent.)
You can hear echoes of Kushner's attitudes toward the press in Trump's obsession with the “failing” New York Times, a notion that is inaccurate but that echoes Kushner's singular focus on the Observer's bottom line, often to the detriment of the quality and integrity of the paper they were supposed to be shepherding.
I came to believe that Kushner wanted the Observer to succeed not because they believed in what it was, but because they needed it as a bullhorn for their own business interests. The episode with the banker “hit job” was only the most egregious of many more minor examples of them using the paper to prop up themselves and their family, ranging from a dubious annual listing of the top people in New York real estate (which was dominated by their clients and business partners) to favorable treatment for other people in their business circle. Other former editors of the paper have weighed in with their own stories about Kushner's attempts to use the paper to settle scores or reward cronies, including an effort by Kushner to get a critical piece into the Observer about a lender who was taking a tough line in renegotiating debt on the Fifth Avenue tower. The story never ran.
Journalism for them was transactional, an attitude their father-in-law seems to share. “I give you ratings and Web traffic,” Trump seems to fume, “and this is how you treat me?” In the end, Kushner, too, seemed to have decided that they had wrung all they could out of the Observer, and that owning a newspaper with a staff of recalcitrant journalists was more trouble than it was worth. By the time they left the paper, it had given up any pretense of being independent of the Kushner family, or of Donald Trump, and its presence as a feisty independent voice in New York journalism had disappeared.
There's a deep and complicated family history at play. Given their family's backstory, it never made sense to me why Kushner owned a newspaper at all. Their father, Charles, had been sent to prison for, among other things, trying to coerce their brother-in-law not to cooperate with federal investigators by secretly taping them with a prostitute, then mailing the tape to their sister. The case was a cause célèbre in New Jersey (the US Attorney on the case was Chris Christie), and the family long blamed the press for aiding in Charles Kushner's downfall.
Jared and their family are extremely close, and it was clear that their father's travails had a big impact on him. (Charles, whom Jared talked to frequently while the father was imprisoned in Alabama, popped in often during my meetings with Jared on Fifth Avenue. I remember this because Jared would refer to them as “daddy,” which I found strange. I also later learned that Charles was behind the “hit job” story, which explained in retrospect why Jared was so persistent about pursuing it.)
Given this background, why would Jared choose to buy a newspaper, of all things? Was their poor treatment of reporters some sort of revenge for the press's treatment of their father?
I came to view this family drama as almost Shakespearean, and gave up trying to make sense of why Jared did what they did. But these questions came back to me when I began to see Jared showing up at their father-in-law's primary rallies around the country, spouting the kind of conservative populist message that I'd never heard come out of Jared's mouth. When I knew them, Jared and Ivanka were hanging out with Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore, not trying to keep immigrants out of the country.
Initially, I chalked up their devotion to their father-in-law to family loyalty, a deep and unshakeable trait that runs through both the Kushner and Trump clans, and one that is quite admirable.
But there also was something familiar about the anti-media rants we were hearing from Trump. They brought me back to those two very difficult years at the Observer, and the frustration of working for a paper owned by a man who had no respect for or interest in journalism or the people who practice it. In fact, their view was the opposite, a deep suspicion and derision of journalism and reporters, an impression burned into them by a painful family trauma. In their view, journalism's utility lay only in what it could do to polish their image or enrich their coffers or those of their family.
And it dawned on me then that Kushner and their father-in-law weren't so far apart after all. Both had used the media, quite successfully, for their own ends. Now the press had become more trouble than it was worth, and both felt perfectly fine tossing it aside.
It reminds me of a story often told by a writer then working for the Observer, who met Kushner, the man who signed their paycheck, for the first time at a cocktail party. The two of them chit-chatted until Kushner, in mid-conversation, turned and walked away. They had, they told the writer, found someone more important to talk to.
TRENDING: An analysis of Vegas shooting headlines reveals unsettling trends
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Kyle Pope is the Editor-in-Chief and Publisher of the Columbia Journalism Review.
Jeff Spicer / Getty Images ID: 10526489
The Labour MP for Vauxhall, Kate Hoey, has strongly defended themselves after being told of threats of deselection from their local party and criticism from political opponents over their strong support for Brexit.
Several members of their local party have expressed their disapproval of Hoey's support for Brexit to BuzzFeed News, and all the individuals we spoke to said they felt they were likely to be deselected in 2018. The Liberal Democrats' prospective parliamentary candidate told us they have been contacted “every week” by lifelong Labour voters who are now considering switching to the Lib Dems.
However, Hoey has issued a firm rebuke to their critics, saying any opposition to the government's recent Brexit bill on their part would have been deeply hypocritical, and that the Lib Dems “will find that the majority of people, even if they voted Remain, have accepted the result and just want to move on”.
Despite their support for issues like fox-hunting and grammar schools and a frosty relationship with the Labour council, Hoey was always well-liked by the local party until recently.
“Kate has always been a bit of an individual, a bit of a maverick; there's always been rows within the party locally because they take some very unusual positions … but up until the referendum, they were relatively well-supported,” a senior figure in the local party said.
They added: “I've never seen anything like this before, it really is unprecedented. She's taken a position which is completely at odds with the local membership, but it's not just that it's completely at odds, it's the fact that she's been rubbing it in their faces.”
Hoey has been an MP since winning a by-election in 1989, and was always Eurosceptic. “I have always made my anti-EU views completely clear to my constituents during all the general elections I have fought since being elected 28 years ago,” they said. “My election address in 2015 was quite clear that I wanted a referendum and that I was anti the EU.”
Them name was floated in early 2016 as a possible Leave campaign chief. It didn't end up happening, but they became a highly publicised figure in the movement, even joining then UKIP leader Nigel Farage on their Brexit flotilla down the Thames.
The stunt was clearly a sore point for Labour members in Vauxhall, which subsequently voted overwhelmingly to stay in the EU – it was mentioned, unprompted, by everyone interviewed for this story.
“The issue is that she's not just been Leave, but aggressively Leave, given their appearances with Nigel Farage,” one activist said. “It's the way she's conducted themselves more than anything else; Kelvin Hopkins and all the other Leave Labour MPs haven't been on a boat with Farage.”
The boat wasn't a one-off; in an interview with The Guardian in January 2016, Hoey defended Farage's party, saying the idea “that anybody in Ukip is a racist is just nonsense” and mentioning “the kind of Guardianista attitude to UKIP which has not done any good up in the northeast or northwest of England”.
This may explain why they have been so unapologetic about their views. One Lambeth member complained that at the last local Labour party meeting Hoey attended, “she was asked repeatedly to apologise for their actions … and they didn't.”
Dan Kitwood / Getty Images ID: 10527794
The main bone of contention for local members appears to be that many feel Hoey let them down over their stance on the rights of Europeans living in the UK when they didn't vote for an amendment to the Article 50 bill that would have clarified their legal status in the country.
“People were particularly outraged about that, because they have said quite explicitly in Labour party meeting[s] that they would seek to try and protect the rights of EU residents living in Vauxhall, of which there are a lot,” a councillor said.
“There's a big Portuguese population, a big Polish population, and people are very worried about their future and if they're going to be able to stay, and all of that. People are very angry.”
Hoey nevertheless stood by their decision, telling BuzzFeed News their decision had more to do with parliamentary process and the behaviour of other EU countries.
“This was a short bill and like others in Labour Leave I decided that the bill should not be amended,” they said. “The amendment on EU citizens' rights to stay was not being tabled in the appropriate bill.”
“It is a pity that other EU countries, notably Germany, were not prepared to agree [on] a mutual agreement on our British citizens in the EU before we even got to Article 50,” they said, adding: “There is not a single MP in parliament who would ever support EU citizens being sent back but we need to protect British citizens in the rest of the EU.”
However, the uneasiness also comes from just how pro-Remain Vauxhall is; a whopping 78.6% of EU referendum voters in Lambeth, the borough in which the seat is located, voted Remain – the highest proportion in London and one of the highest in the country.
This, members feel, was at least partly due to their campaigning. “A lot of volunteers who've got full-time jobs and don't do it for a living were working themselves into the ground to try and keep us in Europe,” a councillor said.
They added: “I've been copied into emails from residents attacking them over Europe, which I'd never had before, and a lot of councillors are getting the same thing at the moment.”
Others mentioned that active party members weren't the only ones getting frustrated with the MP. According to another councillor, “A lot of people who aren't politically active have started posting on things like residence groups about how angry they are.”
If the trend continues, Hoey may lose their main line of defence against Labour members who want them gone, which is that they are popular in the constituency – they won in 2015 with a majority of over 10,000.
Them favourable status among the community can be explained by the circumstances in which they were elected; the Labour party was bitterly divided in the late '80s, with the hard left seeking to take control wherever it could.
Lambeth was a hard left stronghold and, a councillor said, “She got their original support in the constituency for taking on the council when the council was run by the loony left; they were imposed centrally in a by-election as a moderate figure.”
Those days are long gone and the Labour council is much more centrist than it used to be, but “she never really moved on from that”, the councillor said.
The electoral threat now comes from outside the party, and from the Liberal Democrats in particular. The Lib Dems are fiercely pro-European and have decided to focus on appealing to people who voted to remain in the EU.
Naturally, Vauxhall has become a target. The Lib Dems have been inundating residents with leaflets, including some showing a picture of Hoey on a boat with Farage. Some Labour councillors are worried they might lose their seats, while others think that by 2020, the Lib Dems may even win the seat in parliament.
Wpa Pool / Getty Images ID: 10527825
“Ms Hoey is a politician who chose to campaign alongside Nigel Farage and who has refused to condemn their racist and divisive style of campaigning,” said George Turner, the Lib Dems' prospective candidate for Vauxhall, adding that they intend to “hold Kate Hoey to account over the contempt with which they have treated their constituents over the biggest political issue of our time”.
But Hoey does not feel threatened. “If they [the Lib Dems] would put their energy into for example fighting the libraries closures and the shortage of affordable housing and the potential closure of the local bus station at Vauxhall, that might help them win more votes than Brexit,” they said.
Turner isn't the only one plotting, however. In the background, Labour members have started organising to get rid of Hoey in 2018, when the local party is due to pick its candidate for the next general election.
Though there have been unsuccessful attempts at deselecting them in the past, these members now feel that a line has been crossed and they won't be able to get the support of a majority within the local party.
“Kate has always had a contingent of people, and that's why she's survived deselection attempts before and she's managed to hold them off,” a member said, “but this is having annoyed a lot of people – everyone's had enough.”
In order to select another candidate, all the wards in the constituency will need a trigger ballot, which is effectively a vote of no confidence in the MP. If over 50% of those voting are in favour of opening the selection process, there will be an open race.
Unions are also given a vote and could theoretically stop their deselection, but according to a senior source with knowledge of the situation, “She's quite well-liked by the CWU, the communications union, but the rest of the unions don't have anything to do with them – I don't think the unions will ride to their rescue.”
The other issue could be that like the party nationally, Vauxhall Labour is very divided, even beyond Hoey. The local party backed centrist Liz Kendall in the 2015 leadership contest and Corbyn challenger Owen Smith in 2016, but also includes figures from Labour's left like Laura Parker, Corbyn's political secretary.
“There's a lot of talk in the Labour party about Momentum being the stir behind deselections, but I don't think that's going to happen in this case – the right and the left want to get rid of her,” a councillor said. “I hope, for the good of the party, that they stand down, because they will be deselected without a shadow of a doubt.”
Everyone BuzzFeed News spoke to agreed that a deselection in 2018 is very likely, even if the local party's different wings can't agree on a candidate before then. “It's a broad church, but it's pretty much the one thing that's united us,” one person said.
It's unlikely, however, that Hoey will go down without a fight. “I believe in democracy so anyone who wants to challenge me has the right to do so,” they said. “I look forward to the next general election.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – President-elect Donald Trump has returned to New York after spending the holidays at their Mar-a-Lago Resort in Palm Beach.
Mr. Trump will be briefed this week by intelligence officials on links between Russia and cyberattacks aimed at interfering with the U.S. election. During their annual New Year's Eve bash, the President-elect said he's still not convinced that Russia was responsible and they alluded to having insider information that they would share in the next few days.
Well, I just want them to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge,” said Trump. “Hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else. I also know things that no one else knows.”
Congressman Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, expressed their disbelief. On a weekend talk show they said all of the members of the intelligence committees in Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, have no question that the Russians were involved. They added that the only one who does question their involvement is Trump.
Over the weekend, President Barack Obama ordered their team to modernize technology at the White House, including new computers and faster internet. But the upgrade may not win over Mr. Trump who say no computer is safe.
“It's very important, if you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old fashioned way,” said Trump.
Early Monday Morning, 35 Russian diplomats and their family members ordered out by the Obama administration returned to Russia.
Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump's incoming White House Press Secretary, suggested the move may have been unfair.
“I mean you look at 35 people being expelled, two sites being closed down, the question is, is that response in proportion to the actions taken,” questioned Spicer.
Republican John McCain has scheduled a Senate hearing on Russian hacking for this Thursday. Members of Congress on both sides have vowed to hit Russia in the pocketbook– with broader economic sanctions.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Tokyo Smoke has partnered with Partisans, the world-renowned architecture and design firm behind Bar Raval and the Grotto Sauna, to reimagine the classic pipe, creating two wholly innovative takes on the ubiquitous cannabis accessory. Widely regarded as the destination for impeccably designed smoking products, Tokyo Smoke's collaboration with Partisans marks its next step in elevating the smoking experience and pushing the boundaries of the industry. The Io Water Pipe and the Crater Pipe demonstrate how cannabis products can combine art and functionality. Created using 3D printers, the pipes are a conceptual, functional and aesthetic take on the pipe or bong and are rendered in either porcelain or stainless steel. Launching just in time for 4/20, the products will be available at Tokyo Smoke retail locations and online.
The pocket-sized (3.5") Crater Pipe was named for the lunar terrain it emulates, with perceptible divots and linear details reminiscent of the surface of the moon visible in both the black ceramic ($135 USD) and brushed stainless steel ($315 USD) finishes. The larger Io Water Pipe was named after one of the innermost moons of Jupiter; the astrological object with the least amount of water of any known object in the solar system -- a nod to the water pipe's meticulous design. 'Io' was also the name of Zeus' mortal lover who ascended to interact with the deity, and therefore an appropriate homage for Tokyo Smoke's latest collector's item that elevates the everyday and facilitates transcendence. The Io Water Pipe will also be available in black glazed ceramic ($565 USD) and stainless steel ($10,000 USD). The stainless editions of both pipes will be available in store and online from April 20, while the ceramic pipes will be available to pre-order from April 20.
"I've had the true pleasure of watching Partisans and Alex Josephson change the world through visionary design, and the chance to collaborate was a dream," said Alan Gertner, Co-founder and CEO, Tokyo Smoke. "Creating these unique products in partnership with Partisans affirms our mission to offer customers artful and stylish experiences, and demonstrates how Tokyo Smoke is making its mark on the evolving cannabis industry."
"When Alan approached us about re-thinking the bong, we gladly indulged. We wondered why there is so little intrigue, subtlety, or mystery to these functional objects. In essence, a pipe or bong is simply a channel for air to pass through and fundamentally, that relationship can take any shape or form," said Alex Josephson, Co-founder, Partisans. "Our goal was to create objects inspired by the more abstract aspects of smoking. And why limit the materiality to typical glass pipes? We decided that for a high design company like Tokyo Smoke, we should use a decidedly 21st century technology to produce these pieces of art. After all, the best forms of art always implement new tools and materials."
About PARTISANS: Partisans is an interdisciplinary creative studio whose award-winning projects include the design for Toronto's Union Station revitalization, acclaimed restaurant Bar Raval and the recent accolade of the 2016 European Product Design Award for their Gweilo light. Called the design firm "taking over Toronto," the firm has also captured international attention.
About Tokyo Smoke: Tokyo Smoke is an award-winning lifestyle brand that brings sophistication and design to the cannabis space. With immersive experiences and designer retail spaces selling coffee, clothing and designer products, Tokyo Smoke is developing an international reputation as the go-to destination for luxurious, creative offerings within the industry. With the recent completion of Series A funding, resulting in $3 million in raised capital, as well as recently acquiring fellow designer cannabis brand Van Der Pop, partnering with Aphria ("Aphria") and developing Nesta Brands (a brand expansion company bringing the best cannabis products to the Canadian market) together with Chuck Rifici and Ian Rapsey, Tokyo Smoke continues to be the leading Canadian brand in the cannabis space. Tokyo Smoke will expand into the U.S. market in spring 2017.
Instagram: @tokyosmoke @partisansarchitecture
Facebook: /tsmokecoffee /PARTISANARCH
Twitter: @tokyo_smoke @partisanarch
Tokyosmoke.com partisanprojects.com
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/18/11G136074/Images/Crater_SM-01965f076e92abb79071ad5ef2a5f187.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/18/11G136074/Images/TS-006_Waterpipe_Stainless_TOP_01-5c784210978f84a5bc99620aede701b2.jpg
The group wants “impartial, honourable, independent and credible” investigation into the allegations.
The post Group writes Attorney General, lists allegations against Buhari administration officials appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
When it comes to fashion sense, Jacqueline Fernandez has always upped the game with their elegant dressing style. The leggy lass recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour. Off course, the teenage girls couldn't get enough of the Sri Lankan beauty's gorgeousness and seemed to be quite inspired by them
The Race 3 actor opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all their performance.
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits, Jacqueline took to their social media saying, "One outfit, many ways!! from Falguni Shane Peacock Ayo Henderson #DabanggTour #DabanggReloaded".
Looking at this, many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too.
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations. It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked them to be such an inspiration. Check it out here-
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for their style quotient or their killer dance moves. The actor is currently leaving no stone unturned in treating their fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour.
The actor will be travelling to different countries during their 21 days Dabangg tour schedule.
Meanwhile, Jacqueline Fernandez who is currently basking in the glory of the blockbuster run of Race 3, is witnessing an upward trend on their Instagram, clocks 19.6 M followers. A source revealed, "Jacqueline has been interacting and posting to their fans extensively. Them interaction growth has been in excess of 45 per cent in the past 3 months. That is a phenomenal rise."
On the work front, Jacqueline Fernandez will be next seen in Sushant Singh Rajput's Drive and Salman Khan's Kick 2.
Click here if you are having trouble viewing the slideshow on a mobile device.
ALAMEDA — Jon Gruden didn't want to wax poetic on their first day back on grass for fear of crying.
Two decades after their first offseason with the Raiders, Gruden was commandeering the practice field in Alameda again. Pacing through stretching lines, chiding players and barking orders, Gruden returned to their element for the first day of veteran mini-camp after almost a decade in the broadcast booth.
“This field has always been a laboratory for a coach. That's where we earn our pay, I think,” Gruden said Tuesday. “We gotta develop this team. We gotta learn a lot about them quickly. We got a lot of things to teach, a lot of areas to improve. It was fun to be out there.”
After owner Mark Davis fired Jack Del Rio shortly following the 2017 season finale, players were asked about Gruden potentially becoming Oakland's next coach after reports surfaced the move was likely. Some knew them for their Super Bowl ring in Tampa, some for their rah-rah personality and football knowledge, some just as the color commentator on Monday Night Football.
On Tuesday, they finally got to see Chucky orchestrate a practice on grass with formations and balls and somewhat-live action after being infiltrated with pre-conceived notions about the head coach for months.
“It's great, the energy level that they bring is amazing,” new Raiders wide receiver Jordy Nelson said. “And somehow I think he's consistent with it day in and day out which is pretty impressive. That's fun, and I think we'll feed off that. I think that's why we were successful today in our tempo and what we accomplished today. He's bringing the energy and it feeds down to the rest of us.”
Gruden wouldn't delve into their feelings about a day they had marked on their calendar for quite some time, but they didn't shy away from making jokes. Asked about their Raiders gear, Gruden poked fun at their “wanting to throw the game back to 1998” comment from the NFL Combine that gained traction in media circles around the league, a comment he's since claimed was blown out of proportion.
“I got some new stuff. I like the old, plain stuff, the 1998 stuff,” Gruden smirked. “Somebody gave me a hat with a blacked-out logo. I said, ‘Get that the hell out of here.' I want the old logo. I'm really proud of being here. I'm proud of the tradition of the Raiders. We are gonna try to restart and bring it back to teams that Raider fans are proud of.”
Some, like quarterback Derek Carr, have pre-existing relationships with Gruden. They met in 2014 during Carr's draft preparation and have stayed close since.
While a vast majority of Raiders received their first dose of the on-field edition of Gruden Energy Punch Tuesday, Carr saw a man just being themselves back where it all started.
Related Articles Jordy Nelson: 3 things the new Raiders wide receiver said Tuesday
Raiders' Gruden explains signing of Daryl Worley
Watch: Ex-Cal QB Goff goes back to school, pranks players who think he's a jerk
How Reggie McKenzie gets along with their ‘bowling ball of butcher knives'
Raiders exercise fifth-year option on Amari Cooper “I've known them now for four or five years and I'll say this, he's never changed,” the quarterback said. “He's been the same guy all the time with me. He's hard on me, they push me, they challenge me. It's everything I want because it's everything I do for myself. I push myself, I challenge myself. At the same time he'll say, ‘I love you man.' You know how they feel about you so when they push you, you don't care because you want to do anything for him.
“You want to go through a wall for him. I think our team feels like that. You can feel a little bit of difference around them and it's really cool.”
NEW YORK (AP) — One of the social media posts resembled a wanted poster or a missing-persons flyer: Photographs of men were arranged in rows, seeking their names and employers.
But the Facebook post wasn't circulated by law enforcement in the search for a suspect or by relatives looking for a missing loved one. It was an example of ordinary people trying to harness the power of social media to identify and shame the white nationalists who attended last weekend's violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A Twitter account dedicated to calling out racism identified people who attended the rally using photos culled from the news and social media and listed their places of employment and other information. The account with the handle YesYoureRacist was created by Logan Smith of Raleigh, North Carolina, who said their followers grew from around 64,000 on Saturday to more than 300,000 Monday afternoon.
“I'm a white Jewish man. So I strongly believe that white people in particular have a responsibility to stand up against bigotry because bigotry thrives on silence,” they told The Associated Press. “It requires good people standing by and doing nothing.”
A website created Sunday dedicated itself to collecting the names, social media profiles, colleges and employers of people photographed at the rally. At least one person has lost their job as a result.
Together, the efforts showed that angry online groups can be used to renounce racism as well as promote it.
“The goal with online shaming is very short term and driven by people's desire to feel as if they are fighting back and having an impact,” said Brian Reich, who's written several books on digital communications, behavior and political influence. “They are afraid, appalled and they want to stop it.”
But is it helpful? Reich said those behind these efforts “are arguably fanning the flames,” giving attention to a group — white supremacists — that feeds on attention.
___
THE END OF ANONYMITY?
Nicholas Brody, professor of communications at the University of Puget Sound, said the events show that in the age of social media, “nothing is really anonymous anymore.”
People attending a white supremacist rally decades ago may have had the comfort of knowing that their schools, employers and disapproving family members probably wouldn't find out about their activity.
These days, not only can information be quickly and widely shared, but a lot of data is available about people on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Image searches and facial-recognition technology, meanwhile, can make it relatively easy to identify people online. Smith said they called out the people pictured in photos from the rally through a combination of tips from former classmates and others and online sleuthing.
But the method isn't foolproof. In 2013, users of Twitter and the website Reddit wrongly accused a man of being a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing. Reddit later apologized .
Hill posted a season-best 1:56.43 in the 800 for second place behind UT-Martin's Leonel Perez.
Knight finished sixth in the 110-meter hurdles in 16.16, placed fifth in the long jump with a mark of 21-7.25 and was fifth in the triple jump with a mark of 43-4.25. Scott posted a mark of 44-3.5 in the shot put and 128-6 in the discus, finishing fifth in both events.
The men's 4x100-meter relay team placed third in 42.90 while the “B” team was sixth in 43.54 and the 4x400-meter relay finished third in 3:28.79.
Craft led the Cumberland women's team, taking fifth in the triple jump with a mark of 38-6.25, while Barnett finished fifth in the discus with a mark of 109-5 and was eighth in the shot put at 38-6.
Cumberland will compete again in two weeks at the Mid-South Conference Championships on April 28-29 in Williamsburg, Ky.
Payment processing provider announces new flat-rate option to offer proprietary technology and services to micro-merchants as well
ORLANDO, FL--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Fattmerchant, a payment processing provider offering transparent pricing and innovative technology, today announces its expanded offerings and new plans to now accommodate low-volume micro-merchants. The company's revamped pricing structure guarantees a flat rate of 2.9 percent per transaction, meaning merchants can always anticipate processing costs each month. The new options are rolling out on Fattmerchant's new website where merchants can better understand the usability and personalization of each solution.
"Regardless of size or transaction volume, we believe every business should not only have access to affordable payment processing, but also have a supportive team with their company's best interest in mind at all times," said Suneera Madhani, CEO and founder of Fattmerchant. "Our new pricing structure now allows us to offer our unique technology and straightforward customer support to low-volume merchants who may not have had prior access to these types of services."
For micro-merchants transacting less than $7,000 per month, Fattmerchant's new option ensures a fixed rate per transaction with no over-paying. Fattmerchant also continues to offer its subscription-based membership to those with mid-to-high transaction volumes that are looking to access the true cost of interchange set by the credit card companies. With the subscription model, merchants transacting more than $7,000 per month benefit from a flat monthly fee starting at $79, with no markups on top of the interchange for each card.
Fattmerchant does not charge additional fees and requires no contracts for all available payment plans. Businesses using Fattmerchant have access to a variety of solutions, including online, mobile, API, terminals, integrations and shopping carts. With an in-house tech team, merchants receive 24/7 technical support from actual people, not automated machines. There are also no statement, batch, or annual fees, and users can expect next-day funding with their own merchant accounts.
"Every great community is powered by small businesses that work hard and offer unique products or services to their customers, and we want to do the same for them. Our flat rate model gives all merchants the ability to fully customize a pricing plan that fits their needs," continued Madhani. "We are confident we can meet the needs of any merchant by offering fair, transparent and simple processing to every business."
If you would like to learn more about Fattmerchant's new pricing model, please visit www.fattmerchant.com/pricing.
About Fattmerchant
Fattmerchant is a merchant service provider offering unlimited payment processing with unmatched customer service. Suneera Madhani, CEO of Fattmerchant, founded the company in 2014 after working in the credit card processing industry for years, wanting to sell a product that customers would be excited about. Fattmerchant offers plans for every business and brings the human touch back to payment processing.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Oregon's top federal prosecutor said Friday the state has a “formidable” problem with marijuana overproduction that winds up on the black market and that they want to work with state and local leaders and the pot industry to do something about it.
U.S. Attorney Billy Williams convened the unprecedented summit of influential federal law enforcement representatives, state officials and marijuana industry scions after Attorney General Jeff Sessions withdrew an Obama administration memo that had guided states with legalized weed on how to avoid federal scrutiny.
The meeting included representatives from 14 other U.S. attorney's offices, the FBI, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the U.S. Forest Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Nine U.S. attorneys attended in person, including those from California, Washington, Colorado, Idaho and Nevada.
Williams sought to calm fears among pot growers that their office would target legal growers in Oregon, but said the market has a problem that must be addressed. Everyone needs a “bottom-line answer” on how much excess marijuana is being produced and how much is being smuggled out to other states where weed remains illegal, they said.
The surplus attracts criminal networks and generates money laundering, drug violence and environmental contamination from pesticides and draws down water supplies in rural communities, they said.
“Here's what I know in terms of the landscape here in Oregon, and that is, we have an identifiable and formidable marijuana overproduction and diversion problem,” they said.
Williams added: “And make no mistake about it, we're going to do something about it.”
Oregon Gov. Kate Brown, a Democrat, thanked Williams for their “pragmatic approach” but also sought to tamp down fears that legitimate marijuana businesses would be targeted.
“In Oregon, we like to come together around a table and tackle these challenges and (we) call it the ‘Oregon way' — that we work collaboratively to solve problems here,” they said, adding that Williams told their Oregon marijuana businesses are “not targets of law enforcement.”
There is general agreement that some marijuana from Oregon does wind up in other states where it isn't legal. Still, it's hard to say if pot smuggling has gotten worse in Oregon — where illicit pot farmers were thriving long before recreational legalization — or how much of the marijuana leaving the state filters out from the legal side.
Williams laid out their plans for the unprecedented event in a recent newspaper column, saying Oregon has a “massive marijuana overproduction problem” that is attracting cartels and criminal networks and sparking money laundering, violence and environmental woes.
The column came shortly after Attorney General Jeff Sessions last month rescinded an Obama administration memo that outlined the steps states with legalized cannabis could take to avoid scrutiny under federal law, where marijuana remains illegal.
“In sum, I have significant concerns about the state's current regulatory framework and the resources allocated to policing marijuana in Oregon,” Williams wrote in The Oregonian, adding the summit and the state's response to their concerns would “inform our federal enforcement strategy.”
Darwin Roberts, a former federal prosecutor in Seattle who also worked on marijuana issues as a senior official in the Washington Attorney General's Office, said they aren't surprised to see Williams' concerns. But they added the Justice Department is in a tough spot: If it shuts down states' marijuana programs, it will drive that activity back to the black market, where neither the feds nor state authorities have the resources to deal with it.
“The Justice Department clearly is unhappy that the states aren't doing more to stop marijuana activity outside the state legal system,” Roberts said. “I suspect that for DOJ to allow the states to keep making money off legal marijuana, DOJ will want to see a real commitment of state tax dollars to law enforcement efforts against black market growing and trafficking heading out of state.”
In their column, Williams said law enforcement in 16 other states have reported seizing marijuana from Oregon and postal agents have intercepted more than 2,600 pounds of pot in outbound packages and over $1.2 million in associated cash.
Related: Jeff Sessions' letter to Oregon gov cites “pervasive illicit cannabis cultivation”
Advocates dismiss the idea that legalization has caused a spike in black markets sales. It's just that now, because it's legal, it's much easier to track it back, they said.
“When I moved to Oregon in 1979, cannabis was a billion-dollar crop then, so the notion that this is somehow caused by legalization or by the medical program is something that's misplaced,” said Leland Berger, an attorney who specializes in marijuana cases.
“When it's intercepted out of state it's easier to document where it came from, but I'm a little disappointed that it's viewed as a new and huge problem.”
States that have legalized marijuana for recreational and medical use have taken varying approaches to satisfying federal law enforcement priorities, in an effort to pre-empt raids or even a Justice Department lawsuit that could undermine the newly regulated markets. They've also adjusted their approaches as their markets matured.
Oregon voters approved the sale of recreational marijuana in 2014, and it became legal the following year. The state has allowed medical marijuana since 1998.
It now has about 900 licensed recreational growers, with more than 1,100 licenses awaiting approval and no cap on the number of licenses it will grant. Another roughly 25,600 growers in the state produce cannabis for medical marijuana patients. More than 500 retailers are licensed to sell recreational weed, with nearly 250 applications pending.
Washington launched recreational sales in 2014, the same year as Colorado. It started off with relatively low caps on the number of licensed retail marijuana stores and for the size of grow operations. Both measures were designed to prevent an oversupply of cannabis that might make its way into the black market.
As its industry grew, Washington merged its unregulated medical market with the strictly regulated recreational one. It now has more than 500 licensed retailers, though not all are operating, and nearly 1,200 licensed growers.
In Oregon, the medical and recreational marijuana industries still operate separately, although the number of medical pot dispensaries has dropped precipitously as retailers move toward the more lucrative recreational cannabis sales.
Oregon did not cap the number of pot producers, virtually guaranteeing an overproduction problem, said Seth Crawford, a former Oregon State University professor who's an expert on marijuana economics and cannabis policy. Crawford now runs an industrial hemp seed company.
Coupled with Oregon's small population — 4 million people total — and its reputation as a prime cannabis-growing location on a par with Northern California, a surplus was predictable here, Crawford said. They estimated Oregon growers produce up to three times the amount of marijuana that the state can absorb legally each year.
“You created this huge industry that has nowhere to put its product,” Crawford said.
“If you were an investor and you had just dropped $4 million into a (marijuana) grow and you had thousands of pounds of flower that was ready to go but you had nowhere to sell it … if you want any of your money back, the only thing you can do is sell it on the black market,” they said. “It was a system designed for failure.”
Oregon has begun taking steps to address diversion to the black market. The state will soon require medical marijuana growers to adopt a seed-to-sale tracking system that it uses for recreational marijuana. It is also allowing medical growers to sell some of their surplus to wholesalers for sale in recreational dispensaries as medical pot shops dry up.
At a recent meeting of a medical marijuana advisory commission, members identified the pot surplus leaving Oregon as its No. 1 priority. Lawmakers are also taking the issue seriously: A bill last year to allow the governor to enter into sales compacts with other marijuana states didn't make it to a vote, but there is interest in reviving the idea.
Those in the industry in Oregon are cautiously optimistic about the summit.
“It's a brand-new industry operating legally under state law and illegally under federal law — and that's hard to balance. That's one of the purposes of this summit. Let's talk about it,” said Anthony Taylor, president of Compassionate Oregon, which advocates for medical marijuana patients.
“I think everybody realizes it's a discussion that needs to happen.”
Associated Press writer Gene Johnson in Seattle contributed to this report.
Follow Gillian Flaccus on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/gflaccus
A motorcyclist killed in a deadly crash early Sunday morning on East Flamingo Road near the northbound entrance to Interstate 15 had been identified.
According to the Clark County Coroner's Office, 52-year-old Keith Allen Welshiemer died in the crash.
Trooper Travis Smaka said NHP were notified about the crash at 1 a.m.
Welshiemer had a green light and entered the intersection before the driver of a Cadillac pick-up truck ran a red light and collided with him, Smaka said.
The driver of the pick-up had been identified as 47-year-old Juan Valtierrez, according to NHP.
Smaka said Welshiemer was redirected into a nearby taxi cab.
Welshiemer was transported to UMC Trauma and was pronounced deceased upon arrival, according to NHP.
NHP said Valtierrez was treated for minor injuries at UMC Trauma before being arrested.
Valtierrez was booked into the Clark County Detention Center for several charges, including driving under the influence, reckless driving resulting in death or substantial bodily harm, resisting a public officer and driving with a suspended license, according to NHP.
Stay with FOX5 for more story updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
After ending the previous session mixed, stocks are seeing notable weakness in morning trading on Friday. The major averages have all moved to the downside, extending the pullback seen earlier in the week.
Currently, the major averages remain firmly in negative territory but off their lows of the session. The Dow is down 275.53 points or 1.1 percent at 25,911.18, the Nasdaq is down 56.41 points or 0.8 percent at 7,329.45 and the S&P 500 is down 21.52 points or 0.8 percent at 2,800.46.
Concerns about higher interest rates are weighing on Wall Street after the Labor Department released a report showing stronger than expected job growth and a jump in wages.
The report said non-farm payroll employment surged up by 200,000 jobs in January after climbing by an upwardly revised 160,000 jobs in December.
Economists had expected employment to increase by about 180,000 jobs compared to the addition of 148,000 jobs originally reported for the previous month.
The Labor Department said the unemployment rate came in at 4.1 percent in January, unchanged from the three previous months and in line with economist estimates.
Meanwhile, the annual rate of growth in average hourly employee earnings accelerated to 2.9 percent in January from an upwardly revised 2.7 percent in December.
"Given companies such as WalMart have credited Trump's tax cuts as a way for them to afford higher worker pay we suspect we will see the wage numbers pick-up further," said James Knightley, Chief International Economist at ING.
They added, "Consequently, it will need a big shock to prevent the Fed from hiking in March, but it could happen in the form of a damaging government shutdown should politicians fail to resolve their differences."
A negative reaction to quarterly results from big name tech companies like Apple (AAPL) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL) have also contributed to the sell-off.
Energy stocks are showing a substantial move to the downside on the day amid a steep drop by the price of crude oil. With crude for March delivery tumbling $1.14 to $64.66 a barrel, the S&P Energy Index is down by 3.3 percent.
Exxon Mobil (XOM) is posting a steep loss after the energy giant reported fourth quarter earnings that came in below analyst estimates.
Gold, computer hardware and housing stocks have also come under significant selling pressure amid broad based weakness on Wall Street.
In overseas trading, stock across the Asia-Pacific region turned in yet another mixed performance on Friday. Japan's Nikkei 225 index slumped by 0.9 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index rose by 0.5 percent.
Meanwhile, the major European markets have all moved to the downside on the day. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has fallen by 0.7 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are both tumbling by 1.5 percent.
In the bond market, treasuries have moved sharply lower following the upbeat jobs data. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is up by 6.8 basis points at 2.841 percent.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
The NFL concussion crisis has hit the league's helmet makers where it hurts: in the wallet.
Riddell, a leading manufacturer of football helmets for the past 85 years, has been struggling without success to sell itself in recent months despite its market dominance, sources told The Post. Ditto for No. 2 Schutt Sports, which recently canceled an auction of the company that makes helmets for NFL stars like Cam Newton and Julio Jones.
One big obstacle is Leonard Marshall, the former New York Giants great who is leading a class-action suit on behalf of 4,500 former NFL players against Riddell, alleging the company until 2002 had not properly informed players about the risks of concussions despite knowing better.
The legendary lineman says they got a call in July from possible suitors, who offered them cash and an equity stake in the company in exchange for dropping their suit.
“I've spoken to people interested in purchasing Riddell and they have asked me to set aside my claim,” Marshall told The Post.
“I am not going to drop my lawsuit because I am part of a much bigger picture,” said Marshall, who is most famous for their brutal 1991 hit that knocked Joe Montana out of the 1991 NFC championship game.
“I feel like there are too many bodies in this for me to withdraw and relieve them of liability,” they said.
Marshall's lawyer Jason Luckasevic, originator of the NFL concussion lawsuit, declined to name the prospective bidder for Riddell, although they revealed it was a firm that primarily manufactures equipment for other sports.
Luckasevic said they aren't worried that BRG Sports, the privately owned parent company of Riddell, will go bankrupt if their clients win their suit.
“Riddell has insurance that should cover litigation,” even if it ends up being $500 million, they said.
Still, insiders say the legal battle is a major cloud hanging over the helmet makers' future, even as the NFL's own liabilities are expected to cross the $1 billion mark. The federal case against Riddell in Philadelphia is ongoing, and plaintiffs are angling to move it to California in search of a bigger judgement. Discovery in the suit is expected to begin next year.
“Take away concussions and these helmet makers would be much more valuable,” a source who considered buying one of the businesses said.
Private equity firm Fenway Partners, whose previous investments have included diamond seller Harry Winston, bought Riddell in 2004. It now owns Riddell through BRG, which in recent years has sold off most of its other assets including Easton-Bell helmets.
Riddell this June named quarterback legend Peyton Manning as a strategic advisor and pitchman.
“Riddell has been for sale forever and can't find a buyer,” a source close to the situation said. “They want to sell Riddell because Fenway needs to close its fund.”
Meanwhile, Platinum Equity-owned Schutt has been for sale through the Park Lane investment bank seeking about $40 million, two sources said.
But Schutt cancelled the auction a few months ago after Riddell countersued it in a dispute over patent infringement.
Riddell is the biggest football equipment maker with about $200 million in sales, and Schutt is second with $55 million.
Platinum bought Schutt in 2010 out of bankruptcy for $28 million, so it is free of the concussion liabilities that burden Riddell.
Still, suitors also have bigger-picture concerns about the popularity of football, sources said.
The market for helmets for varsity high school football on up is stable, but the number of players from 8 to 12 years old has decreased as kids move more to flag or protected flag football, the source close to the situation said.
Riddell, Fenway Partners and Park Lane declined comment. Platinum did not return calls.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
For children born of wartime rape, peacetime doesn't always bring relief or an end to violence. These children often endure continued brutality.
This finding comes from a new study of children born to mothers abducted, held captive, and sexually violated by members of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA). Joseph Kony led this rebel group during the civil war in northern Uganda from 1986 to 2007.
Because the perspectives of children born of wartime rape has gotten little attention, researchers from McGill University joined forces with Watye Ki Gen, a collective of women whom the LRA abducted and held in captivity. Together, they interviewed 60 children and young people born within the LRA and currently living in northern Uganda. Participants in this study were between the ages of 12 and 19 at the time of the interviews. Many had spent their formative years in captivity, ranging from a few months after being born to seven years.
“Life is hard here because people stigmatize us…they have turned their hate against us…”
To supplement interviews and focus groups and to enable participants to express themselves in multiple forms, the youth also had the opportunity to participate in an arts-based workshop.
When asked to draw their family before and after the war, children often drew themselves and their siblings with sad faces in post-war drawings. When questioned about this, children explained that in many ways they felt their lives were actually better during the war.
This surprising finding, published in Child Abuse & Neglect, is a result of multiple forms of violence, stigma, rejection, social exclusion, and socioeconomic marginalization endured by children born in LRA captivity, explains Myriam Denov, lead author of the study and professor at McGill's School of Social Work.
“The fact that children and youth identify the state of war and captivity—when violence, upheaval, starvation, deprivation, and ongoing terror were at its height—as better than life during peacetime is highly disconcerting and demonstrates the extent of their perceived post-war marginalization,” says Denov, the author of Child Soldiers: Sierra Leone's Revolutionary United Front (Cambridge University Press, 2015).
Youths interviewed for the study—some of whom shared the same father, LRA leader Joseph Kony—often articulated that “war was better than peace” because during the conflict they felt a greater sense of family cohesion and status within the LRA.
“Life is hard here because people stigmatize us…they have turned their hate against us…In my family, they hate the three of us who were born in captivity…My uncle beats us and said they would kill us. They don't want rebel children, Kony children, at home,” explained one of the participants.
The findings underscore the need for support services to reverse the perception that war is better than peace. Specifically, youths stressed the need for livelihood programs targeting their socioeconomic marginalization, support for school fees, psychosocial support, and community sensitization and reconciliation programs.
Funding for the research came from the Pierre Elliott Trudeau Foundation.
Source: McGill University
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- There was a strong show of support on Wednesday night for a KCK church hit by vandals over the weekend. People from different denominations and 15 pastors packed the church parking lot to shower it with lots of love.
"And my heart is truly touched that you decided that it was important enough to support your brothers, your sisters, came out to support your brothers, your sisters, here at Bethel," said Pastor Bryan Mann of Bethel Seventh-Day Adventist Church.
More than 100 moms, dads, grandparents and kids joined the Kansas City-area pastors and rallied behind Pastor Mann and their congregation. The supporters all heard how vandals broke into the church and overturned pews, trashed the sanctuary and food pantry, and caused damage that brought Pastor Mann to tears.
It will be awhile before the Bethel family can get back inside their church, and that's why supporters say they're standing with Pastor Mann to help them and their church endure through this tough time.
"My daughter said that we needed to support our sister churches, and when they hurt, we all hurt," said Tonya Anderson.
"If there's anything that we can do to help, whether it's to pray for them or to do something physically, any kind of clean up help, monetary, whatever," said Jackie Magoon.
Pastor Mann says so far the damage estimate has reached at least $75,000 and they expect that figure to rise.
A long-term funding plan for the NHS would be welcome, but will not be enough to keep us healthy. Instead, the sort of local services which councils provide are key – and funding must be provided for them
John Gotti's grandson gets more prison for car arson John Gotti, the namesake grandson of the late Gambino crime family boss, has been slapped with five years in federal prison. The 24-year-old was sentenced Wednesday in connection with his...
Volunteer firefighters set buildings on fire so they could put them out: cops Three volunteer firefighters on Long Island moonlighted as arsonists — secretly setting blazes in abandoned buildings just so they could later rush to the scene and put them out like...
Man offered plea deal for killing wife they thought was voodoo priestess NEW LONDON, Conn. — A Connecticut man charged with fatally stabbing their pregnant wife because they thought they were a voodoo priestess who planned to kill them was offered a...
Suspected firebug busted for trying to torch barbershop A hot-tempered firebug was busted this week for hurling a Molotov cocktail at a Brooklyn barbershop, officials said. George Thomas, 37, filled two bottles with flammable liquid and lit one...
Teens on crime spree accused of killing pets, setting car on fire Two teen girls face charges after a crime spree in North Carolina where they broke into a home, killed the pets inside and set a car ablaze, officials said. Hallie...
Murder suspect accused of carrying victims' remains on train LOS ANGELES — A California man has been charged with murder and arson after killing their victim, dismembering the body and carrying it aboard a train in a suitcase before...
Fire at Roy Moore accuser's home may be arson: cops A Roy Moore accuser lost their home in a fire earlier this week — and cops are reportedly treating the incident as a possible arson. Tina Johnson, who accused the...
'Goodfellas' mobster sentenced to 8 years in car arson case They were never convicted in the 1978 “Goodfellas” Lufthansa heist at JFK Airport — but that didn't stop a Brooklyn judge from using the case to wallop them with a...
Suicidal media exec tried to blow up brownstone: cops Their brilliant plan backfired. Distressed over their failing marriage, a wealthy media executive cut the gas line to their Upper West Side brownstone so they could kill themselves by inhaling...
Last week R.K. asked me a very important question regarding jobless Americans. They wondered since the unemployed and underemployed rates in the US appear to be hovering around 20 percent,...
Daval murder plunges France into another trauma. President Macron moves to trim France's obese civil service. And tips to beat the persisting gloomy weather.
We start withcoverage of the trauma sweeping across France over the so-called Daval Affair. French IT worker Jonathan Daval on Tuesday admitted to killing their wife Alexia in a case that has gripped the country since their charred corpse was found in a wood in October.
Le Parisien reports that their confession to the murder, shocked the couple's peaceful hometown,Gray-la-Ville, in eastern France, where nearly 10,000 people turned out for a silent march in their memory.
La Croix says it is reassuring to realize that despite their rather slow and secretive handling of such cases, investigators finally got to the bottom of the gruesome murder. Some of the heated reactions about the murder are sparked by the line of defence put up by Daval's lawyer.
They told the press that tensions in the Daval relationship, “fanned by Alexia's overwhelming personality”, made their husband Jonathan “feel diminished”, adding that their “motivation was not criminal".
That sparked an angry reaction from the Secretary of State in charge of Equality between Women and Men Marlène Schiappa who rushed to qualify the crime as murder attracting a rebuke from Le Courrier picard which criticizes them for transforming themselves into a judge.
La République des Pyrénées notes that Schiappa's rant constituted an abuse of their duty of confidentiality which cabinet Ministers ought to respect and earned them a rebuke from the government spokesperson Christophe Castaner.
In an editorial, L'Union says this is probably one issue on which the minister, notorious for their fiery temperament, would have kept quiet. It's another affair that is shocking to the French people comments Le Journal de la Haute-Marne, warning that investigators should be given the time to carry out their work.
Le Figaro cross-examines a plan laid out by the government on Thursday to slash 120,000 jobs from France's 5.67 million-strong civil service.
The conservative publication says it was one of President Emmanuel Macron's campaign promises adding that they are looking at beefing up fixed-term contracts and voluntary departures to end the paradise for career civil servants which grew by 0.4 percent by the end of 2016.
According to Le Figaro, the workforce of the civil service represents 89 public employees for 1000 French inhabitants which is very large by European standards.
L'Humanité wonders how the government can dare cut down the civil service at a time when there is a shortage of human resources the police, the judiciary, in the education sector, in French prisons and in the cultural sector. Édouard Philippe simply wants to aggravate the situation by generalizing insecure jobs" warns the Communist daily.
There are tips in today's Le Parisien about how to deal with the gloomy weather in France. This, as citizens have to grapple with a sunshine deficit of between 30 to 60 percent below normal levels.
According to the paper, grey weather and humidity saps people's morale citing findings by three specialists who advise people to go out and look for sunshine.
You've got to test your “cardiac coherence” as well says another neurologist by taking out stress hormones which are traditionally high in the blood during autumn and winter and likely to harm the vitality of the brain.
They tell Le Parisien that this can be done by sitting up in relaxed positions and breathing through the nose, through doing some sports whenever possible. Thinking positive, surrounding yourself with loved ones and having a good time is also good.
The experts also advice the French to eat spicy and “stimulating” foods and avoid cold, acidic or fattening dishes. Stay warm, cajole and caress your loved ones but don't stay too long in bed advises Le Parisien.
Biometric tracking in the enterprise: what is it, who is using office wearables and what are the concerns?
Tracking employees via biometric badges is a growing trend in the enterprise
iStock Photo: Shironosov via Computerworld UK
From company issued Fitbits to staff ID badges equipped with microphones, the field of employee biometrics has developed a great deal over the past few years.
While many companies track workforce data, this has traditionally been basic HR information like headcount, succession plans and competencies. Now, with wearable biometric technology companies can start to dig a lot deeper into how their staff operate on a day-to-day basis.
Naturally the first thing that comes to mind when discussing this subject is the "creep" factor around your employer knowing not just where you are during the day but the possibility of cross-referencing it to your state of health at the time. So could your boss connect a heavy Thursday night to late attendance on Friday morning?
This is where vendors, employers and even governments have to ensure that the right guardrails are put in place to ensure that personal privacy isn't being threatened by this practice.
This should include measures to ensure that biometrics information isn't being abused; that the data is secure and only being seen by the relevant people; ensuring that employee participation isn't obligatory; and using the information for positive reasons such as increasing inclusion and not simply for benchmarking.
So what does biometric tracking look like in the enterprise, who is using them, what are the benefits and drawbacks?
What is biometric tracking in the workplace?
Basic people analytics has been around for a while, with major vendors like Microsoft keen on giving employees better metrics to measure themselves with products like Delve, an app which provides employees with feedback on productivity. We even saw CEO Satya Nadella demo the software on stage in London in 2015, with the CEO showing that they spend too much time on email and not enough with staff.
HR software has tended to focus on digital metrics, such as email usage or time spent in meetings. Now, newer vendors like Humanyze are looking to incorporate physical world data into the equation, such as where employees spend their time during the workday, who they talk to and stress levels.
Humanyze is an MIT spinout that supplies badges and software to organisations that want to understand how their employees interact with one another in the physical world. The badges look like a normal employee ID badge but are equipped with RFID and NFC sensors, bluetooth for proximity sensing, infrared to detect face to face interaction, an accelerometer and two microphones. The badges 'talk' to beacons set up around the office to detect proximity.
The microphones only monitor tone and volume, not content. CEO Ben Waber told our sister title Techworld that everything is processed in real time and nothing is recorded, because "from a privacy perspective it is the wrong thing to do," they said.
1 2 3 4 Next Page
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - In this live session, entitled 'pharmaceutical serialization for late starters', Carlos Machado, serialization director at SEA Vision US and Paolo Landriani, product manager at SEA Vision Italy will offer insight on how companies within the pharmaceutical industry can prepare for upcoming serialization regulations, with a view to guaranteeing long term success and compliance.
The webinar will evaluate today's serialization landscape and compare it with SEA Vision's latest industry research findings.
Join SEA Vision on Tuesday, May 2, 2017 at 10:30am EDT (3:30pm BST/UK), to find out where other companies are on their individual serialization journeys, what the key considerations are and how to ensure that your business is serialization ready in time for the forthcoming deadlines.
Why attend this webinar
Understand - the serialization environment and the legal requirements on a global scale
Evaluate - the project team, deployment timescales and what you need to look for
Learn - technical adjustments you need to consider prior to implementation
Access - our serialization industry research results live
Ask - our experts any questions you have on serialization deployment
Abstract
The pharmaceutical market is vast and every company is at a different stage of the serialization project lifecycle. For most companies, the goal is to ensure complete compliance before EU and U.S. regulations come into force over the next few years.
Implementing a robust serialization solution is a complex task with many pharmaceutical manufacturers, and the wider supply chain, now recognising the magnitude of the task at hand.
For those who have adopted a 'wait and see' approach before developing their serialization strategy, time is quickly running out with the November 2017 U.S. regulatory deadline fast approaching, followed closely by the EU in 2019.
This webinar is designed to give companies starting out on their serialization journey access to industry insight and guidance on how to create an effective serialization strategy.
Agenda
A guide on how to get up to speed with serialization regulations
An overview of the various complexities associated with global track and trace requirements
In depth study of who needs to be involved and at what stage
Top tips on how to get started and implement new processes and technologies quickly
An in-depth deployment timeline from start to finish
Top tips for success
SEA Vision's research project
Over the last few months, SEA Vision has been collating and evaluating industry research on the biggest challenges companies face in implementing serialization.
SEA Vision asked the industry:
What stage are companies at on their serialization journey?
How confident are they that they will meet pressing timescales?
What are their internal business challenges?
What are their external business challenges?
Who should be involved?
What steps are they taking to provide immediate and continuous training?
How are they managing the post implementation environment?
The speakers will discuss the research findings to help guide you on your journey to compliance.
The Panel
Our panel is made up of serialization industry experts from a variety of different backgrounds and experiences. They have been involved in global deployment and have knowledge and practical experience of implementing serialization solutions for some of the world's largest companies. They are keen to share their expertise and offer recommendations on best practice to help the industry get up to speed on serialization requirements.
To learn more about this event visit: Serialization for Late Starters -- With Live Industry Research Results
Xtalks, powered by Honeycomb Worldwide Inc., is a leading provider of educational webinars to the global Life Sciences community. Every year thousands of industry practitioners (from pharmaceutical & biotech companies, private & academic research institutions, healthcare centers, etc.) turn to Xtalks for access to quality content. Xtalks helps Life Science professionals stay current with industry developments, trends and regulations. Xtalks webinars also provide perspectives on key issues from top industry thought leaders and service providers.
To learn more about Xtalks visit http://xtalks.com
For information about hosting a webinar visit http://xtalks.com/sponsorship.ashx
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136016/Images/SeaVision_logo-216589e05060ac8db54f17a91d311aa3.jpg
President Donald Trump accompanied by the Eastern bunny, waves from the Truman Balcony of the White House. The President and first lady Melania Trump are set to host their first official annual Easter egg roll at the White House.
With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *}
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up
{* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy . {* /registrationForm *}
Create a new password Sent!
We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed.
We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.
Optus confirmed on Tuesday that it is cutting 400 jobs.
A spokesperson for the number two telco said Optus is making “a step change to the way we work, do business and fund future investments so we can continue to thrive in an increasingly competitive and disruptive market."
“As we make these important strategic decisions, we will ensure we have the right skills and capabilities in place to build our digital organisation, remove duplication and establish a more sustainable cost base,” the spokesperson said.
"We are making a number of changes across the organisation. Certain roles will be impact either directly or indirectly because of these changes, including approximately 400 roles which will be made redundant. Our policy is always to speak with employees who may be impacted by these changes first, including discussing redeployment opportunities.
"We are creating the next-generation Optus, a world-class mobile-led, digital service provider which leverages technology to deliver more game-changing experiences and premium content to customers,” the spokesperson said.
According to a report in The Australian, most of the cuts will occur across managerial and administration roles and the latest round of redundancies as part of a strategy to streamline the telco's back office operations.
Optus had 8515 staff at the end of March 31, compared to 8591 at the end of December 2017 and 8738 at the end of March last year.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Prison guards at the Wilson County Jail arrested Scott Ronald Dorris, 54, of Lafayette, after they questioned false documents and odd behavior they presented when they attempted to free inmate Richard Wayne Bohanan, 36, of Bethpage, who was in jail on 12 charges from December.
Deputies inside the prison responded when they realized Dorris was not who they claimed to be.
“The officers who made contact with Scott Dorris displayed incredible awareness,” said Sheriff Robert Bryan. “Training for situations like these proved beneficial in maintaining a safe and secure correctional facility.”
The investigation of the attempted prison break remained open and may involve more people than Dorris and Bohanan, Bryan said. Wilson County sheriff's investigators are working with investigators in Macon County to determine how Dorris got an officer's uniform.
“The case will remain active while Dorris and other individuals may be charged as a result of this incident,” said Bryan.
Dorris was charged with criminal impersonation and criminal attempt. They remained in Wilson County Jail on $200,000 bond. Their first court appearance will be Aug. 22.
Bohanan was originally charged with criminal simulation, theft of property between $1,000-$10,000 in value, criminal impersonation, felony evading arrest, resisting arrest, unlawful possession of a weapon, possession of drug paraphernalia, theft of property, reckless endangerment, driving on a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, simple drug possession and altering a temporary tag. They remained in jail without bond.
Image caption The 1983 film made the phone box in the Aberdeenshire village of Pennan famous
A musical based on the classic 1983 film Local Hero will have its world premiere in Edinburgh next year.
The Royal Lyceum will be the first to perform the musical, which has been adapted by the theatre's artistic director David Greig and Bill Forsyth.
The Scottish filmmaker wrote and directed the original movie.
International music star Mark Knopfler has written the music and lyrics for the new production, which will open in Spring 2019.
Knopfler, who rose to fame in multi-million selling band Dire Straits, wrote the score for the 1983 film.
It tells the story of an American oil company representative who is sent to the fictional Ferness on the west coast of Scotland to buy the village and its land in order to build a refinery.
Image caption The inn in the village of Pennan was the setting for many scenes in the film
However, "Mac" MacIntyre adapts to Scottish village life and becomes worried the deal will ruin the place they have come to love.
It was made in several locations around Scotland but most of the Ferness village scenes were filmed in Pennan on the Aberdeenshire coast.
The red phone box on the village's main street where Mac makes phone calls to their boss in Texas, played by Burt Lancaster, became one of the most famous images of Scottish cinema.
Image copyright Mihaela Bodlovic Image caption Bill Forsyth and David Greig at the Royal Lyceum Theatre in Edinburgh
Glasgow writer and director Forsyth's other films include Gregory's Girl and Comfort and Joy.
David Greig, an acclaimed playwright as well as theatre director, said: "Local Hero is one of those great Scottish stories that has captured the imaginations of people across the world, it has been one of my favourite films since I first saw it as a teenager.
Local Hero is due to open at The Lyceum in Spring 2019 before transferring to The Old Vic in London.
Teen surf pro dies trying to ride monster Irma waves A budding teenage surf pro drowned while riding a large swell generated by Hurricane Irma, according to a new report. Zander Venezia, 16, died Tuesday while surfing a particularly nasty...
Bride can't afford dream wedding dress thanks to Airbnb scam A tourist who flew all the way to New York to buy a dress for their wedding wound up getting jilted by a phony Airbnb listing — and was left...
Simon Cowell's baby mama drama With just six weeks till the birth of their first child, Simon Cowell took their lover on a babymoon. But instead of an intimate break, they stayed in separate hotels...
DAMMAM: Thousands of people attended the first day of an auction of vehicles owned by indebted Saudi Arabian tycoon Maan Al-Sanea and their company, a sale which officials said will go toward repaying about SR18 billion ($4.8 billion) owed to creditors.Authorities said the auction, the subject of huge interest in the Eastern Province where their business is based, reflects their focus on improving corporate governance and by extension Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's commitment to economic reforms.Creditors ranging from unpaid workers to local and international banks hope the process, which at a later stage will include sale of bigger assets such as property, will lead to repayment of at least part of their debt.The business person, ranked in 2007 by Forbes as one of the world's 100 richest people, was detained by authorities late last year for unpaid debt dating back to 2009 when their company, Saad Group, defaulted on payments in what was Saudi Arabia's biggest financial meltdown.His case is separate from the dozens of Saudi business people and prominent figures who have been held in a corruption crackdown.A three-judge tribunal established in 2016 to resolve Saad's debt dispute late last year appointed a consortium called Etqaan Alliance to liquidate assets owned by the billionaire.The first phase of the auction was launched this week, with around 900 vehicles including lorries, buses, diggers, forklift trucks and golf carts owned by Saad Group going under the hammer.Later stages of the process will include other parts of their business empire and personal wealth including property — estimated at around SR10.3 billion, as well as machinery, ceramics and furniture, in auctions in the Eastern Province, Riyadh, Jeddah and Yanbu, said Abdulaziz Al-Rashid, head of Etqaan Alliance, a coalition of companies including two real estate companies, accountants and lawyers.After a series of TV, online and billboard adverts run by Etqaan Alliance in recent weeks anticipation about the auction has been building. Roads around the auction site were jammed on Sunday afternoon as people queued to enter the dusty land plot where the event was taking place.“Can you believe this man was once a billionaire and today they came to the ground level and has to start from scratch?” said a buyer of a forklift truck, giving their first name as Nasser.Prospective buyers were mainly business people from local construction companies and other contractors.“This auction gives a clear message that the court is serious to carry out the liquidation process of all assets to repay creditors,” said Al-Rashid. “We expect to finalize liquidation of all assets during this year.”Money raised from the first phase of the auction, expected to be completed by the end of April, will go toward repaying creditors owed around SR18 billion, they said.Some of the workers who hope to get paid through the liquidation process were among those attending the event.Outside the court process, advisers to Saad Group recently asked some bank creditors to meet in Dubai in a bid to try to reach a consensual debt settlement on SR16 billion of claims, Reuters reported last week.The advisers were seeking a deal before Saudi authorities make progress in the auction process.
How to bring down high interest rate — MAN
By Franklin Alli & Naomi Uzor
MANUFACTURERS Association of Nigeria, MAN, has said that right regulatory policies by the Central Bank of Nigeria can bring down high interest rate in the country to five per cent from the current charges of 25- 30 perccent by Deposit Money Banks, DMBs.
Addressing the Senate Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions headed by Senator Rafiu Ibrahim, MAN noted that the current high lending and interest rate in the country were not business friendly to stakeholders in the manufacturing sector of the economy.
In their presentation entitled ‘Addressing the high interest rate in Nigeria'to the Senate Panel in Abuja, Dr. Frank Udemba Jacobs, President of MAN, said,“The way forward for a single digit lending rate in Nigeria as obtained in countries like Japan, Malaysia, Botswana, Ethiopia, etc, is right regulatory policies from the monetary authority, CBN.
“Experience has shown that since the post structural adjustment programme market reforms in the 80s, lending rate has been on the upward trend. Manufacturers and other real sector operators are of the view that the high lending rates in the country are not business friendly.
High rate of default
“Lending rates at present vary between 15 and 30 per cent (excluding other ancillary charges), which is considered as excessive for a developing economy like ours that is in dire need for development. Such excessive high interest rate regime is a great albatross on businesses particularly those in the small and medium categories, which in the medium to the long run encourages high rate of default in loan repayments. This is contrary to what is obtainable in developed economies of the world where lending rates are in single digit range.”
According to him, in view of the expeditious need to move the economy of Nigeria forward and create opportunities for inclusive growth, MAN believes that a lending rate of five per cent per annum is quite apt. They maintained that towards achieving this goal, there is need to critically examine the following with a view to putting them in the right perspective:
Jacobs said,“CBN should come out with clearly defined and compelling policy on interest rate and other charges. Banks should not be allowed to hide under market liberalization in piling up plethora of charges on borrowers which may back-fire in terms of delinquent loans.
“Exploring the bond market for long term fund for on-lending to the real sector operators who need such kind of fund to nurture businesses with long gestation period will be a welcome development. The activity of the Debt Management Office in deepening the bond market in the country is commendable. A recent survey by IMF showed that Nigeria's sub-national bond market yield performance has outclassed South Africa's and the rest of the continent in terms of yield.
“Governments at all levels should continue to improve the enabling environment for competitive industrialization, rapid infrastructural development, good regulatory regimes, and other development indicators. Putting an end to the epileptic public power supply, for instance, will go a long way in drastically reducing the operating cost of businesses including banks.”
“This will need governmental intervention as a form of subsidizing production and not consumption for the obvious reason of increasing agricultural and industrial capacities and the consequential effect of massive employment creation, poverty reduction, export expansion, social stability and even increased government tax revenue,” they added.
The post How to bring down high interest rate — MAN appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On Saturday afternoon, videos surfaced of a white supremacist man bulldozing their vehicle into a crowd of counter-protesters killing one woman and injuring dozens more.
News spread like wildfire and some were wondering why the White House had not immediately labeled the attack a terrorist action.
Former Arkansas governor explained that it is not always smart for the President to jump to conclusions before all of the evidence is gathered. This did not stop former Attorney General Eric Holder from writing:
Jay Caruso of the Dallas Morning News responded to Holder:
In 2009 there was a shooting at Ford Hood committed by Army Psychiatrist and Jihadist Nidal Hasan. This is what the Daily Beast reported:
Sadly the shooting was classified as “workplace violence” instead of an act of terror, which means the victims and their families were not allowed to obtain Purple Hearts or any other special benefits available specifically to service-members who were injured during combat.
At the time of the shooting, Holder was serving as Attorney General.
As global managers from UBS Group AG to BlackRock Inc. get into China's $2 trillion investment industry, they'll need strong stomachs to run hedge funds in a Communist country.
These lightly regulated pools, whose 1 million yuan ($158,000) investment threshold targets institutions and high-net-worth individuals, are sizzling hot. As of end-March, so-called “private securities funds” – mostly in equities and funds of funds – commanded 2.6 trillion yuan of assets, up from less than 1 trillion yuan three years ago. The actual total is probably a lot higher: At least 10,000 funds are illegally raising money because they're not registered with the Asset Management Association of China.
New Riches, Private Money As of end-March, China's private funds industry managed more than 12 trillion yuan of assets. Private securities funds, which invest mostly in stocks, managed 2.6 trillion yuan Source: Asset Management Association of China
No financial product can flourish without Beijing's implicit blessing. Last October, China passed sweeping rules to curb risks in the financial system, whose notorious shadow banks offered wealth-management products that were perceived as risk-free. By letting mutual funds and hedge funds multiply, China is shifting to a healthier model like that in the U.S., where investors understand returns are compensation for risks taken.
Beijing wants outside help to shift the free-lunch attitude. As of March, six foreign managers had started such private funds, data compiled by Cerulli Associates show. Even Vanguard Group Inc., whose core offering is low-cost mutual funds, is now weighing a launch.
First Inning Only six global managers have launched private funds in China. Five more managers (not shown here) received licenses to launch their own funds Source: Cerulli Associates
Billions of dollars are up for grabs. According to China Merchants Bank Co., the number of individuals with more than 10 million yuan in disposable assets reached almost 16 million in 2016, with total investable assets touching 58 trillion yuan in 2017.
But as usual in China, things can go awry.
In the country where a hundred flowers can bloom, a lucrative field will be flooded by hundreds of newcomers. As of March, there were more than 8,000 private securities fund managers offering 35,000-plus products in China. How will UBS, Shroders Plc and Neuberger Berman Group distinguish themselves?
Also, prized institutional investors like pension funds might be hard to attract, because they usually require managers to have at least a one-year track record. The foreigners, having launched late last year, will therefore need to rely on wealthy individuals who can be finicky, and still have expectations of guaranteed returns.
People Power High-net-worth individuals are the largest investors in China's private securities funds Source: Asset Management Association of China, Cerulli Associates
Witness the controversy over First Seafront Management Ltd., which has around 100 funds and oversees 54 billion yuan of assets.
In March 2015, the firm co-launched a fund of funds for New Third Board stocks – high-risk, low-liquidity shares traded over the counter. When the fund closed last month with a large loss after three years, some investors revolted, staking out First Seafront's offices with banners demanding management “return my hard-earned money.”
The underperformance wasn't surprising: The New Third Board index dropped 50 percent in that three-year period. Some investors are now insisting the firm hand over an 8 to 10 percent annualized return, according to local media reports.
The public protest is reminiscent of the tactics investors used in 2014 to get their money back from a wealth-management product distributed by Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd. On its website, First Seafront asked people not to be carried away by emotion, reminding them that “high-risk stock investments cannot be done with a guaranteed-return mindset.”
Global managers can pitch to me again and again that China's new wealthy are becoming more sophisticated and more reasonable about returns. The truth is, they're not. After all, the bar for high net worth is not especially high – an individual with financial assets of at least 3 million yuan, or an average annual income of at least 500,000 yuan over three years, can invest in private funds.
For UBS or Schroders, this is the first inning in a long game. To win, they may need to weather some ugly populist backlash.
Zambia's government has moved to distance itself from the suspension of 48 opposition MPs who have been slapped with a 30-day ban from the country's parliament. The United Party for National Development (UPND) lawmakers were on Tuesday suspended for boycotting an address by President Edgar Lungu.
"The mischief of the UPND is forcing us to comment on it, otherwise we have no business with what is happening in parliament,” said Amos Chanda, a spokesperson for the presidency. “The speaker acted in line with the standing orders of the national assembly."
The suspension of the 48 MPs means that they are banned from entering the country's parliament in Lusaka and will not be paid.
The UPND lawmakers had boycotted a speech in March by President Lungu during the official opening of parliament, saying they did not recognise them as leader.
“We are commenting on this matter only as far as it goes to explain that the government is not involved at all,” Chanda told RFI in a telephone interview, outlining the three arms of government. The division between the presidency, parliament and judiciary guarantees "the principle separation of powers" and ensures appropriate "checks and balances" are in place, Chanda added.
Ten of the opposition party's MPs were not included in the suspension because they had officially excused themselves from parliamentary business on the day of the president's speech.
The speaker of the house on Tuesday confronted the MPs and encouraged them to quit if they did not recognise the president. “I challenge you to resign on moral grounds if you do not recognise that there is a legitimately elected government,” said Speaker Patrick Matibini, according to reports by the AFP news agency.
The suspension of the MPs comes as UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema languishes in jail facing treason charges. Hichilema was arrested and charged following an incident between a convoy of opposition vehicles and Lungu's motorcade.
Rights group Amnesty International has described the case against Hichilema as “trumped-up treason charges” which are designed to “harass and intimidate” the country's main opposition party.
Hichilema narrowly lost Zambia's 2016 election to Lungu and launched a legal challenge to the result citing a number of irregularities. Some experts have previously described Hichilema's arrest as evidence of Lungu's “increasingly authoritarian bent”.
“It does suggest a hardening of the government's stance and that the government isn't willing to deal with the current political impasse,” said political analyst Nic Cheeseman, in discussion of the suspension of the 48 MPs.
“We all know that the committee that makes these decisions [about suspending the MPs] is a committee of members of parliament and the majority of that committee are members of the ruling party,” said Cheeseman, an academic at the University of Birmingham.
“It's very difficult for the government to fully disassociate itself from this and we also know that this is part of a raft of different measures including the arrest of the opposition leader,” Cheeseman told RFI.
The Zambia expert says the actual procedure used to suspend the MPs is subject to debate, describing rules outlining the permission needed to be absent from the country's assembly. However, they say it does appear to be a “heavy-handed response” to the boycott of the president's speech. “This seems to be using a hammer to crack a nutshell,” added Cheeseman.
Violence survivors share stories on Valentine's Day
hello
When you've survived sexual violence, silence can seem like the best choice -- even the only choice -- to protect yourself from further trauma. But silence also ends up ripping you to shreds from the inside, survivors say.
Deanna Hynes and Vicki Rae Thorne said it was only when they disclosed their abuse -- Hynes to their husband two years after they ran away from home after enduring yearslong incest, and Thorne more publicly to a roomful of strangers nearly 40 years after multiple date rapes -- that their healing process truly began, the women told an audience of about 200 Tuesday.
Both spoke at the Long Red Line event held in Elgin on Valentine's Day in conjunction with the global One Billion Rising events that spotlights violence against women. Hynes works as a sexual assault prevention educator at the Community Crisis Center in Elgin, while Thorne is a member of the Elgin organizing committee.
The event was held at Elgin Community College, where speakers included religious leaders, police officers and educators.
"Violence against women, children and men happens every day," the Rev. Denise Tracy said. "We deserve and demand change."
Police know it is difficult for survivors to share their stories, which can feel like being victimized all over again, Sgt. Eric Echevarria said.
"We will do everything in our power to support you through this process, which can be consuming, intimidating and scary," they said.
Student Frankie Devitt, who is studying nursing, said it was especially meaningful to hear women talk about the abuse they endured.
"In class, we talk about how it's really important to just listen to them (victims)," they said. "For them to share their stories is something really impactful."
Josh Boyd, an intern at the Community Crisis Center, said they know survivors who have chosen to keep their stories private.
"I've seen how keeping quiet has affected them and how staying silent has been eating them up over the years," they said.
Healing isn't a linear process, said Thorne, who had confided in counselors and close friends over the years before speaking publicly four years ago.
"Survival takes courage, commitment and time," they said. "It is painful and there are days when it feels like the healing process will never end."
In past years, the Long Red Line event took place at Gail Borden Public Library and the Centre of Elgin. When organizers approached ECC about holding it there, college officials said 'yes,' said Amybeth Maurer, director of first year programs and student life.
It's important for young people to get such messages "early and often," and Valentine's Day is the perfect choice, Maurer said.
"It's not to put a damper or take beauty out of this day," they said, "but to kind of elevate women in general."
The only person to whom Dylann Roof shared their racist plan to massacre worshippers at a historically black church in South Carolina is set to be sentenced for lying to the FBI.
Joey Meek will be sentenced Tuesday in Charleston by the same federal judge who presided over Roof's death penalty trial. Meek faces 27 to 33 months behind bars.
Roof drew the death sentence for killing nine people in June 2015 at Emanuel AME church. Meek says Roof told them the outlines of their plan as they drank vodka and snorted cocaine a week before the massacre.
Meek wasn't prosecuted for failing to report Roof's plans. Instead, federal prosecutors said they lied to the FBI about knowing of Roof's plot and encouraging other friends not to call authorities they had told about it.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 112 Sweetwater PD holds moment of silence victims of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapse Pause 59 Students honor bridge victims with moment of silence on Monday 66 FIU honors bridge victims with moment of silence 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair 36 Victims of the FIU bridge collapse 35 Third cars removed from FIU bridge collapse rubble Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Officials have opened up 8th Street (along 109th Ave.) to pedestrian traffic, just yards away from the FIU bridge collapse site. The street is still closed to drivers. Monique O. Madan Miami Herald Staff
Officials have opened up 8th Street (along 109th Ave.) to pedestrian traffic, just yards away from the FIU bridge collapse site. The street is still closed to drivers. Monique O. Madan Miami Herald Staff
The City of Manhattan and Manhattan Housing Authority will host the 2017 Fair Housing Seminar on April 18th from 7:30 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. at Fire Station Headquarters, 2000 Denison Ave.
The Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination by direct providers of housing, such as landlords and real estate companies as well as other entities such as municipalities, banks and other lending institutions, and homeowners insurance companies whose discriminatory practices make housing unavailable to persons because of disability, familial status, national origin, race or color, religion, or sex.
The agenda for the day is:
7:30-8 a.m.: Registration
8:05-9 a.m.: “Educating and Advocating for Student Tenants” presented by Sarah Barr, Student Legal Services, and Jack McHugh, Off Campus Housing Support
9:05-10:05 a.m.: “Rental Registration Program” presented by Brad Claussen, City of Manhattan
10:25 a.m.-12:15 p.m.: “Kansas Residential Landlord and Tenant Act/Service Animals” presented by Teresa Baker, Housing and Credit Counseling Inc.
Audio launch functions are generally part of movie promotions where the entire cast and crew of the movie come together on a single stage. It is also the time where the Music Director of the movie is designated to hog the limelight.
However, in the South Indian cine industry, the leading star hero takes the lion share of the stage and the attention due to the immense fan base and adulation.
But a recent audio launch function in Chennai was devoid of the conventional pattern. Comedy Star Santhanam, who turned on-screen hero of late is all geared up with their upcoming movie Sakka Podu Podu Raja. The movie has been directed by Sethuraman and bankrolled by VTV Ganesh.
The big name on papers is that of the Music Director. Though a debutant in the said capacity, they need no introduction. A good friend to VTV Ganesh and kind of Godfather to Santhanam, Simbu aka STR is making their debut as a Music Director with this movie.
With the recent controversies, issues and allegations, STR has made their first stage appearance and has opened up to the media and fans. But the best part was when the controversial star was morally supported by their friend turned competitor turned senior, Dhanush.
Dhanush's Humble Gesture
Not very often do we see stars coming out in public and voicing their support to their colleagues. National award-winning actor, Dhanush stood by STR throughout the function and even in their life, whom they consider their good friend.
Dhanush iterated that both the young gen stars share a healthy bond and are there mutually at their time of need. They wish to see fans of either stars to be the same way and support them with an appreciative mind-set which not only helps the individuals but also the film fraternity.
Dhanush shared an interesting anecdote which dated to the early days of their career. The dance master of their very first movie had urged the multi-talented VIP actor to refer the dance movements of STR and replicate the same in their movie.
An intrigued Dhanush watched the video and exclaimed back to the dance master that they would never be able to flex their body like STR. Dhanush also pointed out that their entry into the cinema industry was accidental and had to work towards the goal as part of responsibility more than an ambition, while STR was born for the purpose of getting into films and every action of the Vallavan star is a relative reflection of their passion and interest.
Dhanush had some good words for the leading actor, Santhanam. They said that Santhanam had immense potential right from the very beginning and the same was discussed between both Dhanush and director Vetrimaran during the shooting of Pollathavan.
Simbu's Extended Speech
It was quite a detailed speech from STR as the actor had made special notes in their Mobile Phone. STR thanked God, their parents, film fraternity, media house and their fans.
The budding music director thanked all the lyric writers and music directors with whom they were associated from the beginning to till date. They had some special words for legendary writer Vali, Na. Muthukumar and one of the popular music directors, Yuvan Shankar Raja.
AAA Issue
STR did not elaborate much on the ongoing AAA producer's issue as they wrapped up the same by extending an apology if they had committed any mistake. They exclaimed that the dissection of the said issue would not fetch good to anyone and expressed their disappointment that the producer could have approached them and sorted out the issue amicably.
Simbu-Mani Ratnam Movie
The talented actor confirmed that they are still part of the prestigious Mani Ratnam's project thereby dismissing reports of them being ousted.
Admiration Towards Dhanush
STR thanked Dhanush in the most profuse manner and also couldn't help themselves from sharing their early stage experience. STR said that it was hard for them to believe that a guy with such uncanny looks could be called an actor.
But they were quick enough to add that they were mesmerized with Dhanush's performance in their initial two movies and had indeed watched Kadhal Kondein, with the leading star first day first show upon its release.
STR appreciated and thanked Dhanush's gracious gesture of lending their support at this critical juncture and wished to continue their friendship with the latter for the long walk of their lives.
Bonding With Fans
Their speech removed all masks and censor when it was time for them to speak about their fans. STR said that they make movies to entertain their fans and no matter what, they would be there for them whether they continue to act in movies or any other avenue.
The 34-year-old actor assured that neither any conspiracy nor any personnel from the industry could rupture the emotional connect between the actor and their fans.
Ali Sulaiman Mohamed assigned ambassador to France Ali Sulaiman Mohamed, commissioner of the Ethiopian Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission, has a new job as Ethiopia's ambassador to France. They would also be a non-resident ambassador to Spain, […] admin
The TPLF government has violated the human rights abuses in the prison The photo depicting the Ethiopian government's human rights record is a sign that the government of Ethiopia is guilty of crimes against humanity. According to the photo, innocent prisoners are […] admin
BREAKING NEWS: FEDERAL COURT RULES OPPOSITION LEADERS TO DEFEND PROSECUTORS' CHARGES, REDUCES BEKELE GERBA'S TERRORISM CHARGE TO CRIME Mahlet Fasil Addis Abeba, July 13, 2017 – In what was seen as a key decision involving the high profile terrorism charges against 22 mostly opposition party leaders and members, the […] admin
Food shortages and funding gap push extra 700,000 people to verge of starvation in Ethiopia In response to the newly released Humanitarian Response Document by the Government of Ethiopia, Oxfam's Humanitarian Program Manager in Ethiopia, Manish Kumar said: ‘'Yet another poor rainy season, the third […] admin
FOR THE SECOND DAY IN A ROW SEVERAL BUSINESSES IN AMBO CITY REMAIN CLOSED Addis Abeba, Several businesses in Ambo city, 120 kms west of the capital Addis Abeba, have spent a second day closed off for business, according to these pictures received exclusively […] admin
“My hands were tied up day and night” Dereje Merga #Ethiopia #FreeDereje #OfC #QilintoFire #OromoProtests Name: Dereje Merga Debelo Age: 29 Address: Addis Ababa, Yeka Sub City,Woreda 02 Current situation: Qilinto Prison The reason why I am jailed: They say […] admin
hands and legs with cord for three consecutive days” Kiber Alemayehu #Ethiopia #FreeKiber #HumanRights Name: – Kiber Alemayehu Age: – 36 years old Address: – Amhara Regional State, West Gojjam Zone, Mankussa Current situation: – held in Qilinto prison The reason […] admin
The Ethiopian Government arrest 34 senior officials for allegedly of corruption The Government on Tuesday arrested 34 senior government officials, businesspersons and brokers for alleged corruption amounting to more than 1.15 billion birrs. July 27, 2017 maleda times 0 Comments Edit […] admin
‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege ‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege #Ethiopia #FrerAgbaw #HumanRights Name: – Agbaw Setegn Berihun Age: – […] admin
As sad as it might sound, Esha Gupta deleted their famous topless pomegranate, cleavage and butt naked pictures from their Instagram handle and we wonder why and when did they delete it in the first place.
They became an online sensation back in August with their bold and sizzling pictures and was the talk of the town. It's sad to see that they deleted the images, but not to worry, folks! You can see it below one last time!
ELLSWORTH — On the evening of June 10, police got a call from a Red Bridge Road resident who said people across the street were playing loud music.
Officer Bart Tokas said they couldn't hear any noise over the phone. When they arrived on scene and rolled their windows down, they reported hearing “nothing other than birds chirping.”
The complainant said the alleged partiers do the same thing every night, drink, holler and listen to loud music. Police said they would patrol the area more often.
Thefts and other losses
On June 6, staff at Marden's reported a theft of two faucets on May 28. The case is under investigation.
Ismael Marquez-Bruno, 32, of Hancock was charged with theft by unauthorized taking after they allegedly stole $100 worth of shoe inserts from Walmart on June 8.
On June 9, a woman who works at Home Depot reported that their cell phone (valued at $175) was stolen from the employee break room on June 6.
On June 10, police responded to a report of a burglary at a residence off of the Branch Pond Road. The burglary reportedly took place sometime in the week prior to the complaint being made, and a snow blower and generator were reportedly stolen in the break-in.
Linda Thurlow, 65, of Penobscot was summoned June 12 and charged with theft. Police said they worked at Walmart and “confessed to taking approximately $500 worth of merchandise from the store over the past six weeks.”
Arrests
Zackary McGraw, 18, of Ellsworth, operating under the influence on High Street June 11. McGraw was stopped after police received a report that the vehicle they were driving was “all over the road.”
McGraw was additionally charged with possession of liquor by a minor and illegal transportation of marijuana by a minor (civil).
Jacquelyn M. Oquinn, 62, of Orland, was arrested June 12 on a warrant out of Penobscot County charging them with failure to appear in court on an earlier traffic charge.
Summonses
Richard Townley, 44, of Ellsworth, operating after suspension on the Bangor Road June 7. Police said Townley was initially stopped for speeding.
Shawn Grover, 42, of Blue Hill, assault on Union Street June 8. Police said Grover allegedly assaulted another man.
Jacob W. Britton, 16, of Orland, operating without a license on the Surry Road June 6. They also are ticketed for not providing evidence of insurance.
Traffic violations
Landon H. Pinkham, 17, of Columbia Falls, violation of an intermediate license on Church Street June 12.
Cara G. Guerrieri, 57, of Surry, failure to stop at a red light on High Street June 6.
Perry A. Kemp, 46, of Ellsworth, failure to stop at a red light on Oak Street June 6.
Timothy S. Desjardin, 45, of Hancock, failure to maintain control of a motor vehicle on the Bucksport Road June 3.
Speeding tickets
Byron D. Snell, 69, of Glenburn, 69 mph in a 55-mph zone on Route 1A June 10.
Kala M. Young, 18, of Gouldsboro, 64 mph in a 50-mph zone on Route 172 June 4.
Stakeholders in Ebonyi State have pledged their support for Governor David Umahi, ahead of 2019 for the governor to continue their transformation agenda in the state.
The stakeholders, comprising women made this known last Wednesday at the inauguration of “Rachael Umahi's Women for Akubaraoha 2019'' in Afikpo, Afikpo North Local Government Area of the state.
The Chairman of Afikpo North Local Government, Mr Ogbonnia Enyim commended the governor's wife, Rachael for their transformation programmes in uplifting women and children in the state.
They said that through the first lady's pet project, “Family Succour and Upliftment Foundation'', there had been abolition of harmful cultural practices against widows.
According to the chairperson, women have been empowered and poverty reduced through their skills acquisition programme, among others.
Enyim said that more women from the local government were occupying strategic positions in government.
“You can count on 100 per cent support from the entire people of Afikpo North come 2019, ‘' they said.
A member representing Afikpo North/South Federal Constituency, Rep. Idu Igariwey, said that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the area was one strong family that would vote enmasse in the 2019 general elections.
The lawmaker commended the first lady for carrying everyone along in the state.
They said that the quality of leadership displayed by the present administration would attract its return.
“PDP is one family in Afikpo and our votes are going to be larger, come 2019, ‘' Igariwey said.
The Director-General, Ebonyi Broadcasting Corporation (EBC), Mr Timothy Nwachi said that the number of youths, women and men at the occasion showed the level of support for the governor come 2019.
“Afikpo North is one and will support the present administration, ‘' Nwachi said.
The governor's wife advised women to encourage and promote one another rather than creating hatred.
The governor's wife urged women to carry out door-to-door campaign for the governor to attract more women into politics; more positions in government and empowerment.
Our source reports that top government officials and officials of local governments attended the occasion.
Our correspondnet reports that the event also featured inauguration of some facilities for the down-trodden and indigent persons in the area.
The U.S. stock market has been struggling to break out of a tight trading range for months, and increasingly investors seem concerned about the implications this could hold for the lengthy bull run.
There has been a subtle shift on Wall Street over the past several weeks. U.S. stock-market investors aren't suddenly expecting the sky to fall, but much of the enthusiasm for equities seen over the past year has been dissipating, with few analysts expecting gangbuster returns from current levels, and an increasing number seeing a greater risk of losses.
According to data from the Conference Board, just 32.7% of consumers expect stock prices to be higher 12 months from now, the lowest percentage since November 2016. Meanwhile, 33% of respondents expect stocks to be lower in a year, the highest reading since July 2016. April represents the third straight month that the ratio of optimists has dropped, and the fifth straight month that the number of pessimists has risen.
That data corroborate a similar reading from the American Association of Individual Investors, where the ratio of optimists—which the AAII defines as investors who expect stocks to be higher in six months—has been below its historical average for eight straight weeks.
The waning enthusiasm has come amid resurgent volatility, which has swung stocks around in both directions, keeping major indexes trading in a fairly narrow range. The first four months of 2018 has already registered more than three times the number of 1% daily moves in the major averages that were seen over all of 2017, an atypically quiet year. The Cboe Volatility Index VIX, +10.28% is up more than 60% year to date, and it has seen a historic number of 20% moves in single sessions.
“As expected, 2018 has proven to be more difficult. U.S. returns are near zero year-to-date; volatility has made it feel worse,” wrote Michael Wilson, chief U.S. equity strategist at Morgan Stanley.
“Over the past several months, the market has become much narrower, a classic sign of underlying deterioration—in line with our outlook for 2018. We think the main drivers of this deterioration are lower quality earnings growth and tighter financial conditions, both of which are likely to be with us for the rest of the year.”
The trading range has persisted for about three months, with the high end marked by a peak in late January, the most recent all-time high for the S&P 500 SPX, -1.34% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.74% The low end, a little more than 10% below that peak, was hit a few sessions later. Including Tuesday's trade, the S&P has been in correction territory for 52 trading days, its longest such stretch since 2008, according to WSJ Market Data Group.
Trading within that range has provided few clues about where equities could be headed. The S&P has repeatedly flitted above and below key moving averages, giving mixed signals about its short or long-term momentum trends. Trading volume has been unusually low, which has been interpreted as a sign that investors are reluctant to jump in.
The macroeconomic environment is also providing a mixed picture about the equity market's prospects. Economic growth remains steady, but there are questions about trade policy and other political issues, along with concerns about inflation and changes to the Federal Reserve's monetary policies. The yield for the U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.85% hit a four-year high above 3% on Tuesday, a potential headwind for equities and one that could make defensive parts of the market less attractive. Investors are increasingly fretting about the likelihood of an inverted yield curve, which has tended to presage recessions.
Read: Why the Fed is ‘Public Enemy No. 1' for the stock market
Don't miss: Stock investors are freaking out about bonds ending a 3 decadelong bull run—but should they be?10-year Treasury yield hits 3%. Here's what this means for your walletThe yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note broke above 3% on Tuesday, amid growing speculation that the Federal Reserve will be more aggressive in raising interest rates in 2018. Here's what this means for you and your money.
On the corporate side, while first-quarter earnings have been coming in extremely strong, with profit and revenue growth expanding at their fastest clip in years, some analysts have suggested that growth may have peaked in the quarter. Companies that miss analysts expectations have been punished more than outperformance has been rewarded.
That was particularly clear in the response to reports from two Dow components. Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -6.20% ended Tuesdays' session sharply lower, after Chief Financial Officer Bradley Halverson said the first quarter was likely the “high watermark” for the year, on a call to discuss earnings with analyst earlier in the day, which helped to wipe out early gains following the company's better-than-expected results. Meanwhile, 3M Co. MMM, -6.83% the maker of Post-it Notes and Scotch tape, trimmed its full-year guidance ranges for profit and revenue, citing softness in its automotive aftermarket, oral care and consumer electronics businesses, which resulted in its shares registering their steepest one-day decline since Oct. 15, 2008, cutting more than 100 points from the price-weighted Dow.
“The much vaunted first quarter earnings season has so far been unable to lift stocks from their lethargy,” said David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial. “The move higher in bond yields also raises anxiety for equity markets, as at some level the risk and reward for debt instruments begins to compete with that for stocks. In addition, the present value of future earnings will come under increasing pressure as the curve ratchets higher causing valuation to compress.”
They added that “a lot must go right” for stocks to move higher from current levels.
In other words, this may be as good as it gets for stocks in 2018.
AFP/Getty Images Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told lawmakers they want Congress to ensure President Trump has flexibility on sanctions.
The Senate on Wednesday overwhelmingly backed a package of additional sanctions on Russia, in part to punish Moscow for alleged interference in the 2016 elections.
The package would impose new restrictions on Russian actors linked to human-rights abuses, arms sales to the Syrian government or malicious cyberattacks on behalf of the Russian government. It also would require President Donald Trump to seek congressional permission to relax the current regime of sanctions against Russia, possibly limiting their leeway to improve relations between Washington and Moscow.
The 97-2 vote by the GOP-led Senate came as a rebuke to a Republican president's policy on Russia, limiting their power to act on sanctions without congressional approval. Trump repeatedly has said they would like to pursue better relations with Russia after years of frosty relations and geopolitical rivalry over issues in the Middle East, Europe and beyond.
The White House hasn't said whether Trump would sign a bill that contains new Russia sanctions and limits their power to act. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told the House Foreign Affairs Committee before the Senate vote that while they agree Russia should be held accountable for interfering in the 2016 elections, they wanted to ensure that legislation gives the executive branch room to maneuver.
Popular on WSJ.com:
American jailed in North Korea returns home in coma
Rep. Scalise, 4 others shot in ballfield ambush
Social media made them one of the biggest stars of the Democratic National Convention — a man in a “Peter Pan” hat, weeping during Sen. Bernie Sanders' speech on Monday...
Audio launch functions are generally part of movie promotions where the entire cast and crew of the movie come together on a single stage. It is also the time where the Music Director of the movie is designated to hog the limelight.
However, in the South Indian cine industry, the leading star hero takes the lion share of the stage and the attention due to the immense fan base and adulation.
But a recent audio launch function in Chennai was devoid of the conventional pattern. Comedy Star Santhanam, who turned on-screen hero of late is all geared up with their upcoming movie Sakka Podu Podu Raja. The movie has been directed by Sethuraman and bankrolled by VTV Ganesh.
The big name on papers is that of the Music Director. Though a debutant in the said capacity, they need no introduction. A good friend to VTV Ganesh and kind of Godfather to Santhanam, Simbu aka STR is making their debut as a Music Director with this movie.
With the recent controversies, issues and allegations, STR has made their first stage appearance and has opened up to the media and fans. But the best part was when the controversial star was morally supported by their friend turned competitor turned senior, Dhanush.
Dhanush's Humble Gesture
Not very often do we see stars coming out in public and voicing their support to their colleagues. National award-winning actor, Dhanush stood by STR throughout the function and even in their life, whom they consider their good friend.
Dhanush iterated that both the young gen stars share a healthy bond and are there mutually at their time of need. They wish to see fans of either stars to be the same way and support them with an appreciative mind-set which not only helps the individuals but also the film fraternity.
Dhanush shared an interesting anecdote which dated to the early days of their career. The dance master of their very first movie had urged the multi-talented VIP actor to refer the dance movements of STR and replicate the same in their movie.
An intrigued Dhanush watched the video and exclaimed back to the dance master that they would never be able to flex their body like STR. Dhanush also pointed out that their entry into the cinema industry was accidental and had to work towards the goal as part of responsibility more than an ambition, while STR was born for the purpose of getting into films and every action of the Vallavan star is a relative reflection of their passion and interest.
Dhanush had some good words for the leading actor, Santhanam. They said that Santhanam had immense potential right from the very beginning and the same was discussed between both Dhanush and director Vetrimaran during the shooting of Pollathavan.
Simbu's Extended Speech
It was quite a detailed speech from STR as the actor had made special notes in their Mobile Phone. STR thanked God, their parents, film fraternity, media house and their fans.
The budding music director thanked all the lyric writers and music directors with whom they were associated from the beginning to till date. They had some special words for legendary writer Vali, Na. Muthukumar and one of the popular music directors, Yuvan Shankar Raja.
AAA Issue
STR did not elaborate much on the ongoing AAA producer's issue as they wrapped up the same by extending an apology if they had committed any mistake. They exclaimed that the dissection of the said issue would not fetch good to anyone and expressed their disappointment that the producer could have approached them and sorted out the issue amicably.
Simbu-Mani Ratnam Movie
The talented actor confirmed that they are still part of the prestigious Mani Ratnam's project thereby dismissing reports of them being ousted.
Admiration Towards Dhanush
STR thanked Dhanush in the most profuse manner and also couldn't help themselves from sharing their early stage experience. STR said that it was hard for them to believe that a guy with such uncanny looks could be called an actor.
But they were quick enough to add that they were mesmerized with Dhanush's performance in their initial two movies and had indeed watched Kadhal Kondein, with the leading star first day first show upon its release.
STR appreciated and thanked Dhanush's gracious gesture of lending their support at this critical juncture and wished to continue their friendship with the latter for the long walk of their lives.
Bonding With Fans
Their speech removed all masks and censor when it was time for them to speak about their fans. STR said that they make movies to entertain their fans and no matter what, they would be there for them whether they continue to act in movies or any other avenue.
The 34-year-old actor assured that neither any conspiracy nor any personnel from the industry could rupture the emotional connect between the actor and their fans.
Intel's Coffee Lake Core i7-8700K has launched, earning our top CPU recommendation at its price point. But there's one issue worth being aware of going forward: Intel has declared that it will no longer officially disclose its per-core Turbo frequencies. When we queried Intel why this was being changed, the company told us the following:
[W]e're no longer disclosing this level of detail as its proprietary to Intel. Intel only specifies processor frequencies for base and single-core Turbo in our processor marketing and technical collateral, such as ARK, and not the multi-core Turbo frequencies. We're aligning communications to be consistent. All Turbo frequencies are opportunistic given their dependency on system configuration and workloads.
There are several reasons to view this change as a negative. First, not all Intel CPUs are equally aggressive when it comes to their Turbo scaling, even if they have the same or similar Turbo ranges. This is one reason why the gap between chips can be wider than they'd otherwise be. The Core i7-8700K, for example, has a peak all-core frequency of 4.3GHz on six cores, which is fairly close to its peak frequency of 4.7GHz for single-core.
As a general rule, Intel's higher-end CPUs will boost more aggressively than their lower-end cores, but even this isn't absolute. You can't assume that a CPU with a high single-core boost frequency also has an aggressive multi-core boost frequency, and you can't assume that two CPUs with the same or very similar Turbo ranges have the same multi-core boost frequency distribution–though this is typically more of an issue when comparing between two different product generations as opposed to within the same family. We'd expect more variance between the 6700K and 7700K, for example, than between the Core i7-7700 and the Core i7-7700K.
Second, and arguably more importantly, a lot of motherboards don't implement Turbo Boost well. We've seen motherboards literally reverse the way Turbo Boost is supposed to function, and downclock the CPU when running lightly threaded workloads as opposed to boosting it. We've seen boards either push the Turbo frequencies higher than default or lower than expected, even when explicitly ordered to use Intel's default scaling.
Even more frustrating, this behavior can vary depending on which CPU you're testing. Our Asus Prime X299-A motherboard displayed very different behavior when we tested the Core i9-7900X as opposed to the Core i9-7980XE. When we tested Broadwell-E on a Gigabyte motherboard earlier this year, we had to manually dial in multipliers, only to discover that the 35x multiplier–and only the 35x multiplier–would produce random clock drops unless every benchmark application was whitelisted in Intel's Turbo Boost 3.0 app. This didn't actually implement Turbo Boost 3.0-style scaling; it just kept the CPU clock from flipping back and forth between two different clock speeds while benchmarking. The 34x and 36x multipliers were unaffected.
Finally, motherboard manufacturers have permission from Intel to really boost clock speeds, if you're loading XMP profiles. One problem we had with the 7980XE is that multiple attempts we made to set Intel stock Turbo settings would instead set an all-core boost frequency of 4.2GHz, vastly higher than Intel's intended frequency of 3.4GHz. Intel has allowed motherboard manufacturers to make these aggressive changes when XMP is enabled for a number of years. But not every chip can handle them, and enthusiasts can end up destabilizing their own systems as a result if they don't take note of the different clocking scheme that's enabled when XMP is activated.
Some of these issues come with the territory. Pre-release hardware is called “pre-release” for a reason, and we almost always go through a UEFI revision or two during the testing process. Motherboard vendors are also pretty responsive to feedback on how Turbo modes are implemented, and are willing to assist with gathering data and making sure problems get resolved. But it's precisely because Turbo modes are opportunistic and clocks can vary depending on the workload or even the SIMD set the application uses that this information is so valuable to have. If you don't know what the per-core clock frequencies or AVX offsets are supposed to be, it's not possible to determine whether you're seeing appropriate frequencies at any given point. And Intel's Turbo Boost clocks have always been opportunistic and have always depended on available cooling and thermal headroom. That's not a justification for keeping the information secret when it's literally how Turbo Boost has worked since the beginning.
This information can still be gathered via manual testing (assuming none of the issues above apply), and testing multiple motherboards would be the simplest way to make certain there are no issues affecting one specific model. Ultimately, Intel's decision to restrict this information seems pointless. It makes it harder for end-users to determine whether their platforms are configured properly without actually preventing the specific information from being discovered. It's a lose-lose for everyone, and it's a policy we hope Intel reconsiders.
Not everyone was glued to the England v Colombia World Cup match last night
Last night the country erupted in celebration, as football fans took the streets after England made it through to the World Cup 2018 quarter-finals – on penalties.
Advertisement
But this historical feat wasn't celebrated in all English homes, as Our Girl fans took to social media to complain that their favourite show had been pushed back for the England v Colombia match.
Several fans of the BBC1 show, which stars Michelle Keegan in the lead role, said they were frustrated by the move, especially as the BBC did not have live coverage of the football anyway.
“England had better win this game now Our Girl has been postponed,” one fan wrote on Twitter.
England had better win this game now #OurGirl has been postponed because of it… 😁 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 xx — Jane (@Witch_66) July 3, 2018
Actually fuming that #OurGirl isn't on tonight because of the football. No @michkeegan fix for me today! 😩 — Bethany Whyte (@bethany_whyte) July 3, 2018
Still over the moon about the win last night. Really PROUD of England. The lads are doing amazing. @HKane your an inspiration to many young footballers out there amazing player & Captain. But all that over with it's all about #OurGirl tonight ❤😂😘⚽️ x — Mary Louise Cullen (@MaryLouiseCull1) July 4, 2018
“When you find out there's no Ackley Bridge or Our Girl cause of England,” another fan said. Several other users said they were “fuming” that the football match had taken precedence.
When you find out there's no #AckleyBridge or #OurGirl cause of England 🙃🙃 pic.twitter.com/TP3JnpAXKQ — vic x (@victoriashaw7) July 3, 2018
Do we have to wait another week for #ourgirl because of football?? Absolutely terrible that they've took it off 😔 — Shannon 🐶 (@_Shannon_Zoe_) July 3, 2018
Come home from pub after watching #england in the #Worldcup2018Russia. Caught up on #loveisland and ready to watch #ourgirl and realised it's not on 😡😂. — Sophie Evans (@sophieevanss) July 3, 2018
Last week, episode four of Our Girl moved ten minutes later to 9.10pm on Tuesday, while this week the BBC decided against pitting the drama up against the England v Colombia game on ITV.
Advertisement
That means that the latest episode of Our Girl will air on Wednesday 4th July at 9pm (except in Wales where it will air on Thursday 5th July at 9pm). Fingers crossed it will be worth the wait.
The fifth episode of Our Girl will air on Wednesday 4th July at 9pm on BBC1
ST. PETERSBURG, FL--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - In its first study focused on the Latin American region, the industry association for the world's leading distributors reports an optimistic overall outlook while citing major uncertainties affecting trade -- most notably U.S. government plans to build a wall across the country's border with Mexico. The LATAM in 2017 report complements a global study the Global Technology Distribution Council recently conducted on technology channel business prospects. Both are available for free download from the GTDC Research Center.
LATAM in 2017 features viewpoints from regional technology distribution leaders, analysts, and vendor community channel executives, with commentary covering a broad range of topics including:
Signs of Recovery and Resurgence
The Mobile Factor and Other Game Changers
Opening New Vertical Market Doors
A Wall of Uncertainty in Mexico
Real Work Begins as Economies Recover
Cloud Platforms Rising Across the Region
"The region appears to be emerging from a two-year stretch of declining sales," commented Tim Curran, GTDC. "Although our report reflects expectations for relatively muted growth in Latin America, technology distributors and their vendor partners are in prime position to capitalize on major global and regional trends. They range from cloud developments to security and mobility advances, for example, to unique vertical market opportunities that extend into secondary and tertiary cities."
The regional report was introduced at the GTDC's LATAM Conference in Miami last week. Attendees learned how technology distributors are rapidly transforming their businesses to provide innovative new products and services for the digital era -- from cloud to mobility to vertical market solutions. Other topics included how to reinvent your business for more sustainable growth and how to take advantage of new-generation solutions such as 3D printing, virtual reality, PC gaming and smart homes. In addition, the conference showcased how the digital transformation is setting up Latin America for long-term industry success, with best practice examples and ideas around disruptive technology opportunities.
On a global scale, the GTDC's Insights Into 2017 study captured the pulse of more than 70 technology channel executives worldwide. Responses showed a high degree of confidence in and support for distribution partnerships:
Nearly 62% expect indirect to outpace direct sales
13% indicated they are already 100% indirect
Only 7% expect direct to grow more rapidly than indirect
55% anticipate double-digit growth through distribution
Cloud, Security and Data Center ranked as the Top 3 Solution categories
78% expect distributors to develop new business around vertical market solutions
With regard to the LATAM in 2017 report, Curran noted that the GTDC findings correlate to economic trends and geopolitical challenges, including "the wall's" dampening effect on Mexico trade and potential global supply chain threats related to China and other countries heavily involved in the technology industry.
"We're not a lobbying group or other type of organization subject to any particular political motives," Curran pointed out, underscoring the GTDC's focus on helping optimize distribution partnerships and IT channel success worldwide. In a recent LinkedIn Pulse column entitled Global Supply Chain Shouldn't be Trumped by Politics, Curran shares their perspective on corresponding world events and encourages readers to share their views in an online survey.
"The global supply chain works," Curran says. "It has helped transform the world in a positive way, providing us with amazing applications and devices. So while uncertainty over potential policy changes dominates headlines and earnings calls these days, it's imperative that leaders on all sides recognize it needs to continue to operate in a smooth manner."
For more information on the GTDC, the organization's distribution industry database partners, education programs and market research, go to www.gtdc.org.
For a slimming workout look, basic black leggings can't be beat. Now, designers are trying to encourage ladies to branch out by using innovative digital technology to create more flattering patterned leggings.
The North Face's new high-rise contoured tech tights ($110 at TheNorthFace.com) use highlights and shadows to slim the leg. To create a visual effect, the brand's designers teamed up with cognitive scientists using 3-D software.
The leggings come in a black diamond-grid pattern, which appears darker and more concentrated on the outer parts of the legs. The diamonds air out on the top of the thighs, the front of the shins and the butt, revealing a lighter gray color that gives the illusion that the gradient is hugging the body.
The results are meant to “visually contour and enhance a women's natural shape, based on how humans perceive shadow and light,” according to the North Face creative director Keryn Francisco.
Lululemon also aims to upgrade the punchy pattern game with an “Art in Motion” collaboration with Central Saint Martins. Fashion students in the London art school's master's program created digital patterns inspired by Kyoto, Japan, which were then printed onto the brand's top-selling high-waisted Wunder Under leggings using body-mapping techniques ($128 at Lululemon.com).
“We truly looked at where [the patterns] would enhance not just the form but the body in motion,” says Audrey Milligan Reilly, senior vice president of women's design at Lululemon.
To ensure they land in all the right places, patterns are graded specifically to sizes from 2 to 12.
In the fight to stand out in a sea of basic black, focusing on pattern placement just might give brands a leg up on the competition.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The best bus drivers in Reading have been named following a 'gruelling' competition held by Reading Buses.
The two drivers have been named as Clark Jones, 50, from Lower Earley , and Anthony Whitney, 49, of Tilehust.
The Reading Bus Driver of the Year competition involved a number of challenges.
Drivers took part in a series of 'fiercely judged' driving assessments, which included navigating through tight chicanes and stopping the bus perfectly on a line.
The 'contestants' were also put through their paces in a theory test.
In the end, Mr Jones and Mr Whitney came out on top, winning first and second place respectively.
The two men were given Oracle gift vouchers as their rewards.
(Image: Peter Love / Reading Buses)
Other drivers who gained distinction in the competition included Craig Marchant 32, from Newbury, who came in third place, along with other contestants Jennie Hughes, James Kemp and Adrian Mocanu.
Along with the vouchers, Mr Jones and Mr Whitney have been selected to represent Reading Buses at the National Bus Driver of the Year awards in Blackpool.
Dan Bassett, Reading Buses Head of Operations: "We are thrilled to be able to name our two representatives for the prestigious Bus Driver of the Year Competition for 2017.
"They both performed extremely well and are really looking forward to the competition in Blackpool. We hope they can do even better than last year's representatives."
Last year the company dispatched Ed Love, 24, and Jamie Richardson 25, to the national awards among 115 bus drivers from across the country.
This year's national competition will be held in September.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Salt used to treat roads during the winter is common, but so is the vehicle damage that can be caused by the corrosive material.
There are some vehicles that do better than others and it all depends on the owner.
Tom Christmas, owner of Christmas Automotive in Boardman, said salt damages a vehicle most in the underbody where brake and gas lines can get corroded.
Christmas said owners should wash their vehicles at least every two weeks or after a winter event to make sure the salt doesn't have time to do damage.
However, Christmas said timing a car wash should depend on the temperature outside.
“You have to be careful. You don't want to get it washed when it gets below 30 degrees. Your locks and everything else will freeze when you come out of the car wash,” Christmas said. “It has to be the right temperature, but it's very important to get all of that salt from underneath the car off the frame.”
Another issue Christmas points out is broken wiper blade motors. They suggest making sure that windshield wipers are not frozen to the windshield before turning them on.
The Ohio Department of Motor Vehicles offers these tips to prevent salt damage:
Wax your car before winter: While the undercarriage is the most at risk, giving your whole vehicle a good coat of wax before bad weather begins is a great pre-game step.
While the undercarriage is the most at risk, giving your whole vehicle a good coat of wax before bad weather begins is a great pre-game step. Avoid puddles and plow trucks: Puddles can hold larger amounts of salt, and driving behind the plow means you will be the first to drive through a fresh layer of salt.
Puddles can hold larger amounts of salt, and driving behind the plow means you will be the first to drive through a fresh layer of salt. Pre-treat your vehicle's undercarriage: Collision shops offer an oil solution pre-treatment that can be sprayed on your vehicle's exposed parts. This coating will help prevent salt and water from the road sticking to your vehicle's metal parts.
Collision shops offer an oil solution pre-treatment that can be sprayed on your vehicle's exposed parts. This coating will help prevent salt and water from the road sticking to your vehicle's metal parts. Wash your vehicle after a snow storm: Get the salt off your car as soon as possible.
Get the salt off your car as soon as possible. Use an under spray: Just washing your car isn't enough — you have to get the undercarriage clean. Choose a drive-through car wash or a hand wash that sprays under the vehicle.
AS many as five players who have never been called up to the Super Eagles will be in the squad for the friendly game against Senegal and possibly Ghana.
According to Owngoalnigeria.com, coach Gernot Rohr has started the process of drawing up the list of call ups, with at least five new players under consideration for the March 23 friendly.
Although the online medium's source refused to reveal the names of the players already pencilled down, the five players could be a combination of both local and foreign base players.
“Presently as many as five new players are under consideration comprising of players from the local league and those abroad for the friendly tie against Senegal”, a source close to the coach said.
“The friendlies are meant to test new players and Rohr is not keen on the results but that doesn't mean they will fill a weak team. We have our reputation to protect as a team”.
The post Rohr lists 5 new players for Senegal friendly appeared first on Vanguard News.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Miami-Dade's health department is extending their rabies alert for a section of southwest Miami-Dade another 60 days after another raccoon tested positive.
The Miami-Dade County boundaries for this alert is as follows:
SW 152nd Street to the North
SW 187th Street to the South
SW 117th Avenue to the East
SW 137th Avenue to the West
This is the second confirmed rabid animal this year in the county and second rabid raccoon identified in Miami-Dade.
Rabies is a disease of the nervous system and is fatal to warm-blooded animals and humans.
All pets should be vaccinated against rabies and all wildlife contact should be avoided, particularly raccoons, bats, foxes, and skunks.
The only treatment for human exposure to rabies is rabies-specific immune globulin and rabies immunization.
Residents and visitors are advised to keep their pet's rabies vaccinations up to date. If the pet is bitten by a wild animal, seek veterinary assistance immediately.
Also, do not handle, feed, or unintentionally attract wild animals with open garbage cans or litter. Avoid contact with stray and feral animals and never adopt wild animals or bring them into your home.
Persons who have been bitten or scratched by wild or domestic animals should seek medical attention and report the injury to the Florida Department of Health in Miami-Dade County at (305) 324-2400.
A new year brings new opportunities to troll.
German midfielder Toni Kroos used “17” in 2017 as a chance to remind Brazilians of their 7-1 loss to Germany in the 2014 World Cup semifinal round.
Kroos — who scored twice in that game — posted a picture on Twitter wishing people a happy 2017. The 1 and 7 filled in by the Brazil and Germany flags, respectively.
Ronaldo replied brilliantly with a reference to Brazil's 2-0 win over Germany in the 2002 World Cup final. They replaced the “20” with a German and Brazilian flag, respectively, in a Facebook post that tagged Kroos.
Kroos' original tweet surpassed 200,000 retweets — more than Kroos expected.
A lot of attention for a little joke😀 Wish you all a safe and happy new year! — Toni Kroos (@ToniKroos) January 1, 2017
Ronaldo's response garnered nearly a million Likes.
Both seemed to enjoy the light-hearted razzing.
Vattenfall has announced up to 1500 job losses as part of a Skr2bn (€200m) cost reduction programme to be implemented by 2020.
The utility said about 600 jobs each will be lost in Sweden and Germany, a further 275 in the Netherlands and 25 in other countries where it operates.
“Vattenfall will handle implications for employees in a socially responsible manner and in consultation with the workers' councils and unions,” the company said.
Vattenfall chief executive Magnus Hall said: “It's natural, and an important part of our strategy to constantly review our costs in order to be efficient and increase the room for new investments.
“The fact that we now show a positive financial result doesn't mean that we can rest on our laurels. On the contrary, we need to constantly improve in order to continue to be profitable and to grow.”
The company said that in recent years Vattenfall had reduced “considerably in size”, mainly because of the sale of its German lignite operations, however, staff functions had not been reduced to the same extent.
Vattenfall employs about 20,000 people, mainly in Sweden, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, Finland and the UK.
The cost saving plan was announced in September last year.
Image: Vattenfall
Road work continues on the Lowndes Hill project that includes a portion of South 2nd Street and Van Buren Street in the Chestnut Hills district of downtown Clarksburg.
Extensive paving and tree removal have made the project expensive and time consuming, but the Superintendent of Public Works for Clarksburg said the project was made possible because of the recent tax increase.
"We are getting ready to launch another phase of it and it is all as a result of the one percent sales and use tax that was most recently agreed to by our citizens and our city council and the project will be exceeding a million dollars," said Anthony Bellotte, superintendent of public works.
Bellotte also said that the public works crews have been able to take down more than 100 trees in recent weeks thanks to mild weather.
Mick Fleetwood, the drummer and co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac speaks before the start of an interview at a hotel in London, Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017. Fleetwood was 16 when they left school, told their parents they wanted to pursue a career in rock ‘n' roll, and went to London in search of gigs. A common tale, true, but this one has a happy ending. As a teen, Mick Fleetwood fell in with some talented blues enthusiasts, paid their dues, and soared to stardom with the first incarnation of Fleetwood Mac and then into the rock ‘n' roll stratosphere with the second, more pop-oriented version of the band. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Mick Fleetwood, the drummer and co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac poses for photographs with a copy of their book 'Love That Burns - A Chronicle of Fleetwood Mac, Volume One: 1967-1974' after an interview at a hotel in London, Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017. Fleetwood was 16 when they left school, told their parents they wanted to pursue a career in rock ‘n' roll, and went to London in search of gigs. A common tale, true, but this one has a happy ending. As a teen, Mick Fleetwood fell in with some talented blues enthusiasts, paid their dues, and soared to stardom with the first incarnation of Fleetwood Mac and then into the rock ‘n' roll stratosphere with the second, more pop-oriented version of the band.
Mick Fleetwood, the drummer and co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac speaks before the start of an interview at a hotel in London, Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017. Fleetwood was 16 when they left school, told their parents they wanted to pursue a career in rock ‘n' roll, and went to London in search of gigs. A common tale, true, but this one has a happy ending. As a teen, Mick Fleetwood fell in with some talented blues enthusiasts, paid their dues, and soared to stardom with the first incarnation of Fleetwood Mac and then into the rock ‘n' roll stratosphere with the second, more pop-oriented version of the band.
Associated Press
Mick Fleetwood was 16 when they left school, told their parents they wanted to pursue a career in rock 'n' roll, and went to London in search of gigs.
A common tale, true, but this one has a happy ending. Fleetwood fell in with some talented blues enthusiasts, paid (barely) their dues, and soared to stardom with the first incarnation of Fleetwood Mac — and then into the rock 'n' roll stratosphere with the second, more pop-oriented version of the band.
"School was not a good thing for me," said Fleetwood, dressed in classic British style, complete with a pocket watch on a chain.
"I had a learning disability, no doubt, and no one understood what those things were. I was sort of drowning at school academically. My parents were like, 'Go and do it.' They were picking up on the fact that I had found something. They saw the one thing that I loved with a passion was teaching myself how to play drums at home," they said. "So they sent me off with a little drum kit to London and the whole thing unfolded."
Fleetwood didn't really have to rebel, though rebellion was in the air, and they had the good fortune to make friends early with Peter Green, the supremely talented guitarist whose blues sound shaped the band's early years.
Green receives the lion's share of the credit, and the dedication, in Fleetwood's memoir of the band's formative period "Love That Burns: A Chronicle of Fleetwood Mac, Volume One: 1967-1974." It has been published in a limited signed edition by Genesis Publications.
At 70, Fleetwood is anxious to acknowledge their debt to Green, who left the band in 1970.
Fleetwood and bassist John McVie were later joined by Christine McVie, Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham for a new lineup that hit the jackpot with "Rumours," one of the best-selling albums of all time.
Fleetwood said the band's very name reflects Green's self-effacing approach.
"Peter was asked why did they call the band Fleetwood Mac. They said, 'Well, you know I thought maybe I'd move on at some point and I wanted Mick and John to have a band.' End of story, explaining how generous they are."
The photos and text of "Love That Burns" are really the celebration of an era, capturing the explosion of British music at a time when bands like The Who and The Beatles were vying for the top spots on the charts — and competing with semi-forgotten bands like Freddie and the Dreamers, who actually got top billing over the Rolling Stones on the least one concert poster.
Once Fleetwood Mac made its name as a blues band, the group was able to go to Chicago's famous Chess Studios to record with some of the great American bluesmen, including a few of the pioneers who had helped perfect the driving Chicago sound.
Fleetwood remembers — with relief — that the longhaired crew of young Brits was able to at least play in the same room as Buddy Guy and Willie Dixon without sounding foolish.
"These are major, major players for anyone who knows anything about blues," Fleetwood says. "Having that take place, I don't know what they must have really thought with us funny little English kids walking into their world ... I feel good about it to this day that we held our own dignity even with these guys."
They said the whole experience was "like going to their church and not just being in the congregation but actually doing our version of preaching with them."
While some fans swear the early Fleetwood Mac was better than the later, far more commercial version, Fleetwood knows the group is identified more with its string of hits, including Bill Clinton's favorite song, "Don't Stop," which earned the band a headlining gig at their inaugural celebration.
This is one reason the book focuses on the first band. Fleetwood doesn't want it to be forgotten.
"Even as we were doing it (the book), we realized that the band was 50 years old," they said. "So it's really about drawing a line in the sand to say that this happened and what caused this. And it's generally fair to say, especially in the United States, this section of the formation of Fleetwood Mac is not really known about."
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
The mother-of-five was 28-years-old when they fell pregnant in September 2015.
Nineteen weeks into the pregnancy the woman was told by their partner that they didn't want to have the child, Blacktown Local Court in NSW heard in May.
"At about 26 weeks into the pregnancy their boyfriend again urged them to terminate the pregnancy," a judgement handed down by Magistrate Geoff Hiatt in July, but made public on Monday, read.
The woman then contacted a number of clinics in NSW and interstate, but was told they would not terminate the pregnancy as it was past 20 weeks.
Abortion is a crime in NSW where a pregnancy can only be terminated if a doctor believes it is necessary to prevent serious risk to the life or health of a woman.
Most abortions in NSW happen at private clinics but terminations in the second trimester due to serious foetal anomalies might happen at a hospital.
"The accused eventually found someone they believed was in Darwin, known as 'Patrick', who was prepared to facilitate a termination," Hiatt said in their judgement.
"Patrick told them a termination was possible up to 30 weeks and they would send their pills for the payment of $2,000.
"Thereafter on 2 September 2015 they received a package originating from South Africa which contained a blister pack of ten pills each containing 200mg of misoprostol, a hormone type substance."
The next day Patrick provided instructions for inducing an abortion with the Misoprostol pills, which the woman swallowed and inserted vaginally.
"She began to feel unwell and was taken by a friend to Blacktown Hospital ... Subsequent medical intervention disclosed that the foetus was suffering distress.
"An emergency caesarean section was performed and the child was born."
The judgement made no reference as to whether the baby survived the birth.
The woman was charged with self-administering a drug with the intent of procuring their own miscarriage, which is a criminal offence under the NSW Crimes Act (1900).
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
New CFO and VP of Business Development bolster executive leadership team
TUALATIN, OR--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Powin Energy Corporation ( OTCQB : PWON), a leading next generation provider of fully integrated energy storage solutions for utilities, C&I, and microgrid applications, announced today that Craig Eastwood and Jan (pronounced Yahn) Jacobson are the newest members of the company's executive leadership team. Eastwood joined the company in March 2017 and is directing all fiscal functions for the company as chief financial officer. Jacobson has been with Powin Energy since January of this year and they are leading the company's commercial team and spearheading the development of new business and strategic partnerships as the vice president of business development.
"We were very meticulous and targeted in our search to fill these roles as it was extremely important to get the right people to join a team that is highly motivated and focused on delivering a best-in-class energy storage system," said Geoffrey Brown, president of Powin Energy. "With Craig and Jan, I think we nailed it. Craig is a seasoned financial executive with a strong background in general accounting, treasury, systems integration, investor relations, and other financial disciplines. Jan brings a wealth of business development experience from the energy storage industry."
Most recently, Eastwood was the corporate controller at Erickson, a leading specialty aviation company. They have also held senior financial leadership positions with ESCO, Daimler Trucks, and Pharmaceutical Product Development. They started their career in public accounting with Deloitte, is a licensed CPA, and earned their accounting degree from the University of South Africa.
Jacobson has an extensive energy industry background as he's delivered cutting-edge energy resources to leading Fortune 500 corporations and some of the world's largest electrical utilities. They developed projects for Acciona Energy and Pacific Gas & Electric Company, then moved on to management roles where they led project development in the Western U.S. and Asia for distributed energy startup Bloom Energy. Prior to joining Powin Energy, Jacobson led all technical business and project development for behind-the-meter energy storage developer Stem. Jacobson holds multiple engineering degrees from the University of Wisconsin.
"Powin Energy is at an important inflection point in the emerging energy storage industry," said Eastwood. "I anticipate that our success with Southern California Edison, combined with other projects we are working on, will set the stage for several exciting opportunities as the industry evolves and matures."
"I've been a part of a couple of energy industry startups, so it's not easy to impress me with flashy-looking technology, but Powin Energy has the most novel and likely disruptive intellectual property I've seen," said Jacobson. "Our project pipeline for 2017 is already very sound, but I look forward to elevating our outlook for the remainder of the year and beyond."
Powin Energy's Stack140 is a modular, purpose-built 140 kWh battery arrays that easily and cost-effectively scales from 125 kW to multiple megawatt applications. It is available in both indoor and NEMA 3R outdoor models, each of which is engineered to maximize energy density and minimize system footprint. All Stack140 systems are operated by Powin's proprietary bp-OS software that received patents in both the United States and China in 2016 and includes the industry-exclusive Battery Odometer and Warranty Tracker™. Powin's supply chain expertise, modular design, and software proficiency streamline installation and make integrating energy storage into projects pain free.
About Powin Energy Corporation
Powin Energy ( OTCQB : PWON) is incorporated in the state of Nevada and is creating the next wave of safe and scalable battery energy storage that is purpose-built for the demands of utility-scale, commercial and industrial, and microgrid applications. The company's Stack140 modular battery system features its patented Battery Pack Operating System (bp-OS) that provides critical insight into system functions and lifespan via the proprietary Battery Odometer and Warranty Tracker™. Powin was incorporated in Oregon in 1990 and has spent almost three decades perfecting supply chain management. Combined with the management team's decades of successful leadership experience in the energy, storage, and utility industries, Powin Energy is able to deliver exceptional value to large-scale energy projects. For more information, visit http://PowinEnergy.com/. Investors can find real time quotes and market information for the company at http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/PWON/quote
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains historical information and forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the business, financial condition and results of operations of Powin Corporation and Powin Energy Corporation. The words "will", "believe," "expect," "intend," "plan," "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views, assumptions and expectations of Powin Energy Corporation with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Powin Energy Corporation to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, or financial information, including, among others, the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger; risks entailed in integration, including employee retention and customer acceptance; the risk that the merger will divert management and other resources from the ongoing operations of the business or otherwise disrupt the conduct of the businesses, potential litigation associated with the merger, and general risks associated with the business of Powin Corporation and Powin Energy Corporation, including changes in the markets in which the businesses operate and in general economic and business conditions, loss of key customers, key customer acceptance of new battery storage technology, ability to completely fund operations to meet potential customer orders, changes in government regulation and tax policy, availability of tax credits, changes in carbon reduction requirements imposed on utilities, unpredictable sales cycles, competitive pressures, market acceptance of new products, inability to meet efficiency and cost reduction objectives, changes in business strategy and various other factors, whether referenced or not referenced in this press release. Various other risks and uncertainties may affect Powin Energy Corporation and its results of operations, as described in reports filed by the Powin Energy Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Powin Energy Corporation does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
You've likely seen them stalk the sidelines of University of South Carolina Gamecocks football games at Williams-Brice Stadium, but now, wrestling legend Ric Flair needs prayers, their management team said over the weekend.
You've likely seen them stalk the sidelines of University of South Carolina Gamecocks football games at Williams-Brice Stadium, but now, wrestling legend Ric Flair needs prayers, their management team said over the weekend.
'We need your prayers,' Wrestling icon Ric Flair's management team says
'We need your prayers,' Wrestling icon Ric Flair's management team says
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File). FILE - In this Sept. 22, 2007, file photo, wrestler Ric Flair addresses the media during a news conference at Dover International Speedway in Dover, Del. Flair's representative said on Twitter Aug. 14, 2017, that Flair ...
ATLANTA (AP) - World Wrestling Entertainment says pro wrestling legend Ric Flair is out of surgery and resting after being hospitalized.
The statement Monday did not give details about the nature of the surgery.
A representative for the showman known as "Nature Boy" says the 68-year-old wrestler was admitted to the hospital for routine monitoring. Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent asked on Twitter Monday for "prayers & positive energy" because Flair has "tough medical issues."
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among numerous wrestlers wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for their flamboyant outfits and "Woooo!" catchphrase, Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Is They Even Ageing?
Just one look at their face and we're dead! Are they even ageing? Aishwarya Rai Bachchan looks stunning as they pose for a selfie with hubby Abhishek Bachchan & a staff at the airport.
Abhishek To Celebrate Their B'day In Sydney
As far as Abhishek's birthday celebration is concerned, a few days ago. Pinkvilla had quoted a source as saying, ''Abhishek Bachchan will enjoy some family time away from B-Town and will celebrate birthday in Sydney.''
It'll Be A Dual Celebration For The Couple
''They will also raise another toast as Aishwarya was awarded the prestigious First Ladies award by the honorable President of India Ram Nath Kovind at Rashtrapati Bhawan in Delhi, so it's a dual celebration for the couple.''
On The Other Side, Big & Jaya Are Proud Of Aish's Achievement
''The Bachchan clan is extremely proud of the fact that their beautiful bahu is one of the awardees.
Though Aishwarya was unwell they made it a point to attend as it is a huge honor being felicitated by the President of India and be a part of such elite and powerhouse women."
Aishwarya Wants To Show Sydney To Them Little Sunshine
"Aishwarya Rai Bachchan had first visited Sydney last year solo, for a brand event and loved the city. They want to show it around to Abhishek and Aaradhya."
Why Aish-Abhi Planned For Sydney Trip?
The source says, ''Abhishek will begin shooting after a gap of almost two years for Aanand L Rai's Manmarziyan and Aishwarya will get busy while shooting the songs for Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Fanne Khan.
''So both wanted to spend some time together, along with Aaradhya, before life becomes hectic for both again."
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
WASHINGTON — A pro-Bernie Sanders group has canceled an anti-Hillary Clinton protest, its organizer told NBC News on Monday.
The event, created by the leader of a local chapter of Our Revolution, prompted backlash from Clinton allies, leading Sanders' top adviser to condemn it and disassociate their boss from the group, which grew out of Sanders presidential campaign.
The episode shows that, two years later, Democrats still can't quite shake the ghost of 2016 and the hard-fought presidential primary between Clinton and Sanders, the independent senator from Vermont. And it's another demonstration of the challenges Sanders faces in leading a movement that acts in their name but is often beyond their control — even as they reportedly prepare for a second presidential bid in 2020.
Ellen Faden said they had no idea their protest would cause such an uproar.
The founder of the Hazlet, New Jersey, chapter of Our Revolution objected to the fact that Rutgers University is paying Clinton $25,000 for an upcoming speech, so they thought she'd use the event to make a point about money in politics.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 2020 Watch: Democrats (and some Republicans) lay the groundwork for a presidential run 9:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Faden had organized a similar demonstration outside a Bill Clinton event in California, where they used to live, that drew little attention and attracted only about a dozen participants. So they expected similarly low turnout when they posted an event listing on Our Revolution's website inviting people to protest Clinton's Rutgers speech on March 29.
“When I put it up, nothing happened for about a week or more. And then all of a sudden, I got one comment, and then it was like hundreds of comments," Faden said. “It did absolutely touch a sore spot with us, with Democrats, because I do consider myself a Democrat."
Over the weekend, the event caught fire on Twitter among Clinton and Sanders supporters, who still regularly duke it out on social media.
To Clinton allies, like their former spokesperson, Philippe Reines, who played Donald Trump in their debate prep sessions, it was evidence that Sanders and their supporters are obsessed with tearing Clinton down and dividing the party, even when it seems to play right into Trump's hands.
Bernie & donald sitting in a tree, o b s e s s i n g.
Both pro-Russia.
Both pro-guns.
Both pro-faking party affiliation.
Both pro-whining “Rigged!”
Both pro-forgetting they lost by 6,576,985 votes.
Both anti-HRC.
Both on a 3rd party ticket: Trump-Sanders 2016 & 2020 https://t.co/KOFhiFaVzr — Philippe Reines (@PhilippeReines) March 19, 2018
Democrats of all stripes called on Our Revolution to remove the event from the group's national website, saying progressives should be focused on fighting Republicans, not each other.
The event listing remained online, but a disclaimer was appended reading: “Events are created by local grass-roots organizers and are not necessarily endorsed by Our Revolution National."
In the past, Clinton has donated honorariums from public universities to charity, including the Clinton Foundation. A spokesperson for Clinton confirmed Monday that they will donate the honorarium for the Rutgers speech, as well.
Late Sunday night, Sanders' former campaign manager and current senior adviser, Jeff Weaver, entered the fray to make it clear that Sanders themselves did not condone the event.
“Our Revolution and Senator Sanders operate independently. Our Revolution has autonomous chapters all across the country," Weaver said in a statement. "That being said, this is no time to be protesting Hillary Clinton or any Democrat."
On Monday morning, Our Revolution's high command called Faden, who then told NBC News they would cancel the event and was working to remove it from the website and Facebook.
"I'm still going to go myself, just as a private citizen, but with nothing whatsoever to do with Our Revolution," they said. "I don't want to jeopardize anything with Our Revolution. I really didn't expect this to happen."
In a statement, Our Revolution President Nina Turner said the organization did not endorse the event, but that the decision to cancel it did not come from on high.
"The Rutgers protest of Secretary Clinton was created by one local group, not an event endorsed by the national organization or myself," Turner said. "With almost 600 local groups, Our Revolution encourages a wide range of opinions and respects everyone's right to peaceful protest. This group has decided, on their own, to cancel this event. We are open to working with individuals and groups who believe in the founding principals of our Revolution."
It's not the first time Sanders has had to publicly distance themselves from their own group.
Our Revolution, which shares its name with Sanders' book, spun directly out of their presidential campaign. Weaver initially helmed the organization before turning it over to Turner, a former Ohio state senator, and other Sanders surrogates.
But campaign finance rules prohibit Sanders from exerting much influence over the group, which prides itself on bottom-up decision-making driven by grass-roots activists, who often chafe at pressure from above.
Both Sanders and Our Revolution benefit from their perceived association, so neither is exactly keen to advertise their independence. But the status has created awkward situations where Sanders and Our Revolution have diverged.
For instance, last month, Sanders was compelled to put out a statement breaking from Our Revolution after they endorsed former member of congress Dennis Kucinich in the Ohio governor's race.
"Our Revolution is doing a great job, but I am not involved with it, and it would be illegal for me to be involved. Let me be very clear: Bernie Sanders will make endorsements, and Our Revolution will make endorsements," Sanders said. "I've known Dennis Kucinich forever. I consider them a friend. But I am not making an endorsement there."
It's a similar situation to the one their fellow Vermonter, Howard Dean, found themselves them in when the group that grew out of their 2004 presidential campaign, Democracy for America, endorsed Sanders while Dean themselves backed Clinton.
But as the 2018 midterms heat up, tensions may only become more apparent as Our Revolution and Sanders make more endorsements in competitive Democratic primaries across the country.
A Florida woman allegedly shot their husband Tuesday after hearing a tone in their voice that indicated they were not happy with how they were searching on Google.
Lawanda Brown, 57, of Fernandina Beach, was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after deputies found their husband lying in a pool of blood with a gunshot wound to the back of their head, according to the Nassau County Sheriff's Office.
Brown told authorities they and their husband woke up, ate breakfast, and went upstairs to a loft where they share an office for their consulting business. They said their husband then asked them to search Google for a template they needed for an upcoming project they were working on.
"While they were searching for templates, Mrs. Brown stated that they could hear a tone in their husband's voice that they were unpleased with how they were fulfilling their request," Sheriff's Detective Mark Murdock wrote in an arrest report.
It wasn't exactly clear what happened next, but things went south from there.
"Mrs. Brown said they aren't entirely clear on what was going on, 'It was all a blur,' and Mr. Brown started walking out the loft," Murdock wrote.
Them husband, Tony Brown, was airlifted to a hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of the head. A .38-caliber revolver was found in the bedroom.
Lawanda Brown was booked at the Nassau County Jail in lieu of a $500,000 bond, according to online booking records.
Fleeing uncle nabbed after killing nephew
A 30-year-old labourer was fatally stabbed to death on the Essequibo Coast yesterday, after an argument erupted between them and their uncle.
According to information reaching this publication, the incident occurred sometime around 12:00hrs yesterday at the now dead man's home, in Bushlot.
The victim who was identified as Naresh Ramdass, works also as a fisherman to sustain their wife and 3-month-old baby.
It is alleged that an argument erupted between Ramdass, and their 54-year-old uncle, who was identified as Kendrick Armoogan called Ricky.
The reputed wife of the deceased claims that the argument erupted over of a girl. They
added, “Last thing I heard Ricky was in the kitchen and Naresh was at the back step. The argument was a little thing for about a minute or so. Naresh was accusing Ricky of talking about some girls last (Sunday) night.”
According to neighbours, the two men broke out in an aggressive fight. Eyewitnesses claim that Ramdass dealt their uncle a blow to the back with a piece of wood. In the scuffle, Ramdass was stabbed by their uncle to the chest.
“I heard Naresh voice at the back of the house saying, ‘me gon come pun yo'… next thing me hear somebody seh that Naresh just get bore…”
The man, after being stabbed, rushed out to the seawall where they eventually collapsed and died. It was revealed that Ramdass was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the stabbing.
Armoogan on the other hand, after stabbing their nephew, fled the scene.
Their attempt to escape proved futile, however, as they were nabbed at a police roadblock somewhere in Aurora, some 33 miles south of the crime scene.
According to reports, the fatal stabbing may have been fueled by revenge.
Close family members revealed to this publication, that the two men were involved in a fight some eight years ago. At that time, the now dead man had dealt their uncle several severe chops about their body. Family members also claim that the uncle swore that they would take revenge, and that one day they would act.
Armoogan is now in custody assisting with investigations.
Raman With A Girl In A Pub
In the upcoming episode, Raman will be seen with a girl in the pub. They try to get cosy with Raman, but they tell them that they wanted to hurt someone, so they used them and now, their work is done. The girl gets upset.
Ishita Worried About Raman's Behaviour
On the other hand, Ishita is worried about Raman's drinking habit and the girl. They feel that the girl might take advantage of Raman, who is innocent. They call Ruhi to aske whether they have returned home.
Ruhi Lashes Out At Raman
Ruhi is confused as to why Ishita is worrying about him, who has hurt them so much. Later, in the morning, Ruhi lashes out at Raman for drinking daily and coming home. Raman doesn't want to listen to them as they feel Ishita is guiding them to do so.
Romi & Mihika Argue
On the other hand, Romi is upset with the situation at home. Without Mihika's knowledge, they make a down payment for a house! They ask Mihika to shift with them as they are fed up of people fighting in the Bhalla house.
Roshini Rushes To Raman To Inform About Raid At Bhalla Office!
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Roshni gets to know that Bhalla's office is going to get raided. They rush to Raman to inform the same to him. Well, it has to be seen as to how will Raman react on seeing Roshni.
Raman Is Seen Wooing A Girl
According to the latest spoiler, Raman will be seen wooing a mysterious girl, whom they meet at a pub to make Ishita jealous. They start to have an affair with them
The Girl Files Molestation Case Against Raman
But things backfire on Raman, as the girl traps Raman! They will file a molestation case against Raman, who will land in jail!
Ishita Helps Raman Silently!
Will Ishita remain silent, as Raman has been troubling - abusing, insulting and disrespecting her! The answer is no! Apparently, they will be a silent helper, who will help them get out of the jail!
Nottinghamshire is to host prospective Tokyo Olympians next summer for the inaugural Accenture World Triathlon Mixed Relay Nottingham as part of the ITU Mixed Relay Series.
The evening event, set to take place on 7th June, will witness some of the world's top triathlon quartets dive into the River Trent, before racing around Victoria Embankment on both bike and foot, just two days before they take on the British leg of the ITU World Triathlon Series in Leeds.
Triathlon Mixed Relay will make its Olympic debut at the Tokyo 2020 Games, so the event in Nottingham will be a top priority for nations looking to secure the first points on offer to qualify their spots on the start line.
The Nottingham eventwas named by the ITU as the first of two qualification events in 2018, in addition to the ITU Mixed Relay World Championships and the Continental Championships.
Get ready for higher gasoline prices.
GasBuddy.com senior petroleum analyst, Patrick DeHaan, says falling prices will be coming to an end over the next few weeks because gasoline demand will go up the closer we get to the summer travel season…PLUS, crude oil imports will soon reflect OPEC's lower output.
National gas prices typically go up 35-to-65 cents between February and Memorial Day.
Of course when a career politician was running these six major companies had no problem sponsoring the 2012 GOP presidential convention. However, they have since retracted their support in 2016 when Donald Trump was nominated for the title.
The Hill revealed Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, UPS, Motorola, Ford, and Walgreens have all refused to participate in last year's GOP convention upon learning that Trump was to be the nominee. Although, they will never admit that this is the reason why they pulled out, it is quite obvious why the slap in the face occurred.
To make things even worse, Wells Fargo agreed to sponsor the Democratic convention's host committee held in Philadelphia.
“We are supporting the City of Philadelphia host committee given our significant community bank and team member presence,” stated Erika Reynoso, spokesperson for Wells Fargo. “Our decisions around the host committees were determined late last year before either party determined the nominees. This is consistent with our past practices.”
Other companies are retracting their support and turning their backs on our President. For example, Conservative Fighters reported that Heineken has shipped out their product in search of “a world without borders or barriers.”
The company has recently introduced this outrageous marketing strategy to sell their beer, take a look, “Here's to an Open World: To a world without borders or barriers. To the belief that there's more that unites us than divides us. To finding common ground. So raise a bottle with the person next to you. Because a stranger is just a friend you haven't had a cold Heineken with yet. Open your world.”
Ironically the company is purposely ignoring countries such as Germany, France, and Sweden who have all previously supported the idea of open borders, even though this support has shown them an increase in violent crime and terrorism. Most Americans do not want to fear for their communities and polls show that 80% disapprove of sanctuary city policies, and 52% of voters are actually in support of the President's temporary ban of refugees.
SHARE this story if you are going to start boycotting these companies!
The Mets are in Atlanta for their series against the Braves, but back in New York, Citi Field was literally burning.
A fire broke out Wednesday on a display case near a stadium entry gate, and it looked like a significant fire.
Unsure what happened but I heard a loud blast at Citi Field and then saw smoke and this fire. Hoping for everyone's safety. pic.twitter.com/I3w1YWjfVn — Daniel Mosher (@DanielMosherNY) May 30, 2018
Thankfully, the sprinkler system did go off to put out the fire. FDNY officials told NBC 4 that nobody was hurt.
This fire happened to occur amid a tough stretch for the Mets. They've lost seven of their past 10 games. The Mets gave up two walk-off home runs in this series with Atlanta alone and signed Jose Bautista due to their injury situation.
With that in mind, the Citi Field fire provided fans with plenty of comedic material.
Citi field catching on fire is the perfect symbolism for this season pic.twitter.com/2tDDR3hFAR — Pitch Plz (@caitlinmarie721) May 30, 2018
Great, now Citi Field is going on the DL https://t.co/jg1KQEuzRr — Chris Flexen On Em (@peteywengs) May 30, 2018
What else can go wrong for the #Mets you ask? Oh you know, just a fire at Citi Field moments ago. It was put out within 15 minutes. pic.twitter.com/kKDmTOjcEG — Ryan Field (@RyanFieldABC) May 30, 2018
Live look at Citi Field pic.twitter.com/TG4cOkI6Od — Brian (@bricon) May 30, 2018
Dumpster fire at Citi Field. For real. Typical #Mets! Maybe it's their bullpen imploding again…..
Nah nah nah…. @ZacOnTheMic https://t.co/lG5PUly9Ec — Tom Krasniqi (@TKras) May 30, 2018
The Mets are so bad right now that CITI FIELD IS LITERALLY ON FIRE. YOU CAN NOT MAKE THIS STUFF UP. — Jake Brown (@JakeBrownRadio) May 30, 2018
Citi Field is a literal embodiment of the Mets bullpen right now — Chris (@CassellCaptain) May 30, 2018
*video of fire at Citi Field* “Don't worry it's just the Mets bullpen” – At least 50 different people I follow — Anthony DiGiorno (@MeekPhill_) May 30, 2018
The Mets bullpen was called in to put out the fire at Citi Field but they poured gasoline on it. Firefighters finished the job. — JB (@JB_August) May 30, 2018
Looks like even Citi Field is going to require a trip to the DL.#Mets — Mark Suleymanov (@TheMARKOut1) May 30, 2018
Looks like Citi Field will be the next #Mets player added to the DL. This team seriously can't catch a break https://t.co/WXEthUghvb — Andrew Weiss (@TheAndrewWeiss) May 30, 2018
Photo: Laura Farr/AdMedia/Sipa USA via USA TODAY NETWORK
Morgan Evans is extraordinary — and if you don't believe that, just ask the U.S. government.
Kelsea Ballerini's new hubby, a rising country star from Australia, tells CMT that their immigration papers officially call them “an alien of extraordinary ability.” Morgan says “That's what's on my visa. That's my official title. It takes a long time to gain citizenship. I think that's what most of the people who are not from America working in the music industry would be considered legally as.”
Morgan and Kelsea got married last Saturday.
Always lots to talk about in Texas politics, on this episode of Party Politics: Texas Edition, co-hosts Jay Aiyer and Brandon Rottinghaus discuss:
Then the gents take a good look at the Texas Water Development Board drafting the first ever flood plan—what might that mean? By the way, don't forget to check out our national episodes of Party Politics, too.
Party Politics is produced by Edel Howlin and our audio engineer is Todd Hulslander.
There was a semi-tacit, socio-political message delivered on Monday at Hershey Felder's Great American Songbook Sing-Along.
Felder, who is a completely charming raconteur, opened the evening at the Mountain View Center for the Performing Arts by saying, “Everybody is welcome who loves music.”
They noted there are people on either side of socio-political fences, “but here, we can all sing.”
And sing they did, a full auditorium of people following their lead for “Falling Leaves,” “Old Man River,” “Embraceable You,” “Our Love Is Here To Stay,” Some Enchanted Evening,” “The Sound of Music” and many others. The show was a one-time extra during the run of their “Our Great Tchaikovsky” show. He's done the sing-along, usually once per run, for several of their shows at theaters around the country. They did it in June for the TheatreWorks production of their Beethoven show.
So, what was the socio-political commentary? Almost all the music sung on Monday was composed by Jews who were either born in Europe, or who were the children of European Jews.
Irving Berlin, for instance, whose earliest memory of living in the Russian Empire was lying on a blanket by the side of a road, watching their parents' house burn to the ground. On Monday, the audience sang along with Felder one of Berlin's most beloved songs: “God Bless America.”
God bless America
Land that I love
Stand beside them
And guide them
Through the night with the light from above
Felder, who grew up in Canada speaking Hebrew and Yiddish at home, the son of Polish and Hungarian Jews, joked about the set for their “Our Great Tchaikovsky” show, which closes on Feb. 11. “It's my grandmother's house,” they said of the set, which they designed.
And they told a story of being a child, and wondering why their grandmother kept their nicest belongings in a closet, instead of putting them out on display.
“You never know when they will come,” they told him.
Their grandmother knew of persecution and pogroms.
These days, of course, there has been a resurgence of racism, anti-Semitism and xenophobia in America, including threats against Mexican and Muslim immigrants.
Felder's Great America Songbook Sing-Along was a rock-solid reminder of how much this nation owes some of its immigrants.
Felder has a long history of performance, and has wonderful stories to tell about performing music from “The Sound of Music” and looking into the audience to see Julie Andrews in the fourth row.
Their funniest story had to do with Stephen Sondheim, but I won't recount it here, because maybe they will do this show again next year, and maybe they will repeat the story, for big laughs. It is a tremendously moving show.He tells some stories of George Gershwin, whose immigrant father called one of the composer's best-known tune “Rhapsody for Jews.”It was very moving to sing along with “Embraceable You” and “Our Love Is Here To Stay,” especially.
The latter, Felder said, was Ira writing a love song to their brother after George died at age 38 of a brain tumor.
But oh my dear our love is here to stay
Together we're going on a long, long way
In time the rockies may crumble, Gibraltar may tumble
They're only made of clay but our love is here to stay
It was very moving to sing “Somewhere Over the Rainbow,” with our 600 closest friends. And “Send in the Clowns.”
To close the evening, a song from a story about a Jewish village in Russia that was overrun by Cossacks:
Sunrise, sunset, Sunrise, sunset
Swiftly fly the years
One season following another
Laden with happiness and tears
Theater
What: “Our Great Tchaikovsky”
Produced by: TheatreWorks Silicon Valley
Where: Mountain View Center for the Performing Arts, 500 Castro St., Mountain View
When: Through Feb. 11
Tickets: $45-$105; 650-463-1960 or www.theatreworks.org
MIAMI – Joe Panik had a pre-planned day off Monday night. There is no plan for Tuesday night.
When you've just sustained a blow to the head, and you spent a month on the concussion list a year ago, every day is wait-and-see.
The 7-day concussion DL is a consideration once more for Panik, Giants GM Bobby Evans acknowledged, after the club's 8-3 loss at Marlins Park. The club plans to bring a player to Miami as a precaution – utilityman Orlando Calixte was their 26th man in Sunday's doubleheader at Washington and likely didn't stray too far away – in case Panik is not cleared to return Tuesday.
Panik said they passed balance and vision tests for a second consecutive day but sounded much less confident than they did Sunday night, after they were struck on the helmet by a thrown ball as Nationals catcher Matt Wieters simultaneously gloved it and applied a tag.
Given Panik's experience a year ago, they know that confidence is often misplaced.
Brandon Belt also is on the concussion DL and not on the road trip as they rest at home.
Maureen Ihua-Maduenyi The Federal Ministry of Works says the reconstruction of the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway has reached 40 per cent completion. The ministry had in November said that the work had progressed up to 32 per cent completion. The Federal Controller of Works, Lagos, Mr. Godwin Eke, during a tour of the road by engineers supervising […]
As SLAM was reminding NBA fans that we never got to see Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers take on LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in the Finals, James responded. It turns out they wish it could've happened as much as we do.
The Cavs star commented on the Instagram post, saying, “I tried my best to make it happen … Feel like I could have done more throughout those years. (The King) vs. (Mamba).”
A Mamba x King James Finals would have been crazy (h/t @SLAMonline) pic.twitter.com/blzjHDPNe6 — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) February 2, 2018
These were the years the Lakers made it to the Finals between when James was drafted to when Bryant retired:
2004 NBA Finals – The Lakers lost to the Pistons. This was James' rookie season and the Cavs didn't make it to the playoffs.
– The Lakers lost to the Pistons. This was James' rookie season and the Cavs didn't make it to the playoffs. 2008 NBA Finals – The Lakers lost to the Celtics. Boston knocked the Cavs out of the playoffs in the semifinals on their way to winning the championship, but it took the Celtics seven games.
– The Lakers lost to the Celtics. Boston knocked the Cavs out of the playoffs in the semifinals on their way to winning the championship, but it took the Celtics seven games. 2009 NBA Finals – The Lakers beat the Magic to win the title. Orlando took down the Cavs in six games in the semis.
– The Lakers beat the Magic to win the title. Orlando took down the Cavs in six games in the semis. 2010 NBA Finals – The Lakers beat the Celtics for the trophy. The Cavs again lost to Boston in the semis in six games.
The Lakers had a few more playoff runs in the 2010-13 seasons, but they never made the Finals again. Bryant retired in 2016.
They really did come close — so close, yet so far.
With all eyes on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's just-announced engagement — and the new release of season 2 of “The Crown,” which chronicles the life of the young Queen Elizabeth II — living the life of a British aristocrat may seem to be fantasy. But travelers to England can actually revel in their splendor, thanks to lavish estates that now house well-heeled guests. Here, three of the best hotels for a countryside escape across the pond.
Like a scene from “Downton Abbey,” only more opulent, the striking Cliveden House about 30 miles from central London has a rich history of notoriety: royal mistresses and political scandals, all recorded in a book by Natalie Livingstone, the wife of its current owner, billionaire property developer Ian Livingstone. This grand 376-acre estate, which was once home to the Astors (yes, those aristocratic Astors), is now a favorite of Stella McCartney and Cyndi Lauper.
It's a tony hotel that boasts a newly renovated spa complex with the only listed outdoor pool on Britain's historical register. Among the other luxurious scrubs and divine treatments offered, the Oskia Glow Facial stands out for its resulting “non-surgical facelift.” The spa's restaurant offers healthy bites in a relaxing ambience, while the Astor Grill is a lively and fun place to go for a light lunch or dinner. Yet despite all its grandeur, Cliveden somehow feels relaxed. So go ahead, sip a classic cocktail in the library by a roaring fire like some duchess in a Hollywood movie (from $595).
Getting there: Take National Rail, from London's Paddington Station, about 40 minutes to Taplow, located a 10-minute cab ride from Cliveden (from about $14 for a one-way ticket).
If you died and went to heaven, you'd probably still miss Chewton Glen.
Located in New Milton — on England's southern coast, about 100 miles from London — this luxurious-yet-relaxed property is a short walk from the English Channel. There, a stately manor with oversize windows houses modern — and simply decorated — interiors. A handsome spa and detox retreat center, coupled with a newly launched cooking school headed by BBC-famous chef James Martin, highlight the emphasis on health and renewal. But if that doesn't impress you, live out your rock star fantasy, laying down a track in the hotel's own recording studio. You can also splash out on a private Treehouse Hideaway Suite (from $1,875), complete with an outdoor hot tub in the forest canopy, where you can also arrange for a private couples massage accompanied by rustling leaves (from $435).
Getting there: Chewton Glen is fairly remote, so it's best to drive from London.
It's the food that stands out at Lygon Arms, a newly renovated coaching inn that dates back to the 1300s. Some 100 miles northwest of London — in the Cotswolds, the bucolic weekend destination of choice for the capital's elite — the hotel serves up seasonal menus and locally sourced produce. A bar and grill and a separate wine bar opened at the end of the summer.
Bites at the latter include Mediterranean-inspired tapas (think spicy sausage arancini), while the grill offers plenty of fish and pasta dishes — including portobello mushroom lasagna and duck terrine.
Lygon Arms has hosted glamorous guests: Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton escaped to this retreat in 1963 at the peak of the scandal surrounding their love affair. It's no wonder why. Centuries-old stone fireplaces, rich wood paneling and beamed ceilings from the 1600s, alongside sumptuous velvet couches, offer an intimate backdrop for a romantic weekend and an overall luxurious experience.
A spiffed up spa features a gorgeous indoor plunge pool (from $320).
Getting there: National Rail heads from Paddington to nearby Evesham, which is a 15-minute drive from the hotel (from $52 for a one-way ticket).
Brett Gardner saved Blake Parker, who saved Dellin Betances. They all saved Joe Girardi. It is turning into that kind of stretch run for the Yankees — inexplicable. Which is...
Oscar-nominated writer Joe Bologna dies at 82
hello
PHOENIX -- Oscar-nominated writer Joe Bologna has died. They were 82.
Their manager Matt Sherman says Bologna died on Sunday in the Los Angeles area after a three-year battle against pancreatic cancer. The actor and director was married to actor Renee Taylor, who credited their doctors for prolonging their life so they could receive a lifetime achievement award at the Night of 100 Stars for the Actors' Fund of America on Feb. 26.
Bologna was nominated for an Oscar in 1971 for best adapted screenplay for "Lovers and Strangers." They won an Emmy in 1973.
They had a string of television appearances, but they were best known for the 1982 comedy "My Favorite Year."
Bologna was a voice actor for the 2006 animated film "Ice Age: The Meltdown" and had a role in the 1999 Adam Sandler comedy "Big Daddy."
A chalkstone quarry and workshop that was used to make food and storage vessels that were considered "pure" during the time of Jesus has been unearthed in Galilee, Israel.
The chalkstone quarry is one of only a handful discovered from ancient Israel and the first ever discovered in Galilee, which was a Roman backwater about 2,000 years ago, when the site was used.
"Until today, only two other similar sites have been excavated, however both of these were in the area of Jerusalem. Our excavations are highlighting the pivotal role of ritual purity observance not only in Jerusalem but in far-off Galilee as well," Yonatan Adler, senior lecturer at Ariel University and director of the excavations on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority, said in a statement. [See Images of Christian Images and Artifacts]
While most people at the time used pots and storage jars made of clay, Jewish people observing the laws of ritual purity, or kashrut, may also have used stone. Jewish law dictated that any contact with something that is "ritually impure" required an object to be purified. (Things that could make something ritually impure included contact with certain types of animal corpses, genital discharges and skin diseases. Using the wrong dishes for foods that should not be mixed, such as meat and milk, can also render certain food dishes un-kosher, or impure, as well.)
In Roman times, pottery, because it is porous, was thought to be easily contaminated; objects that touched something impure had to be destroyed. Stone, meanwhile, was thought to be impervious to impurity and therefore did not require any kind of purification.
The quarry and vessel workshop was located inside a human-made cave, where researchers unearthed chalkstone cores that are used to make vessels on a lathe, chisel marks on the walls and other types of production waste for making stoneware.
Here, chalkstone cores that were unearthed in a human-made cave in Galilee. The cores would have been worked on a lathe to make ritually pure storage vessels roughly 2,000 years ago. Credit: Samuel Magal/Israel Antiquities Authority
"The production waste indicates that this workshop produced mainly handled mugs and bowls of various sizes. The finished products were marketed throughout the region here in Galilee, and our finds provide striking evidence that Jews here were scrupulous regarding the purity laws," Adler said.
The finds also show that ritual purity laws were significant to Jewish people not just in the spiritual heart of the Holy Land, Jerusalem, but also in relatively out-of-the-way locales like Galilee.
"The fact that Jews at this time used stone vessels for religious reasons is well attested [to] in the Talmudic sources and in the New Testament as well," Yardenna Alexandre, an archaeologist at the Israel Antiquities Authority who specializes in the study of Roman Era Galilee, said in a statement.
In fact, one of the most iconic scenes in the New Testament, the Wedding at Cana, describes Jesus turning water into wine in six stone jars:
"Now there were six stone water jars set there for the Jewish custom of purification, containing twenty or thirty gallons each." (John 2:6).
Originally published on Live Science.
SOUTH LEBANON, Ohio (WDTN) — The Warren County Sheriff's Office is looking for a man they believe robbed two banks in less than a week.
Detectives say the suspect robbed the New Horizons Credit Union in the 200 block of East Forest in South Lebanon on Tuesday.
The man came in wearing a dark hoodie, a ski mask, blue jeans and brown work boots. They went to a window and demanded money from a bank teller.
The suspect took a large amount of cash, put it in a bag and ran away.
The Sheriff's Office believes this same suspect robbed a bank on February 9th. Investigators say they may be driving a black Chevy extended cab S-10 pickup truck.
Anyone with information about the robberies is asked to call the Warren County Sheriff's Office at 513-695-1522.
Image copyright AFP
Russia has been repeatedly accused of interfering in recent elections. But Sweden is determined it won't fall victim to any such meddling - with millions of leaflets being distributed and propaganda-spotting lessons for students.
As campaigning intensified in the French election, the team of now President Emmanuel Macron said it was a target for "fake news" by Russian media and the victim of "hundreds if not thousands" of cyber-attacks from inside Russia.
In Washington, sanctions were recently imposed on 19 Russians accused of interference in the 2016 US election and "destructive" cyber-attacks.
While the Kremlin denies interfering in foreign elections - with Vladimir Putin saying there is "nothing to discuss" - concerns remain.
With a new prime minister and parliament to be elected in September, Sweden is already working hard to make sure its polls are free from any meddling.
If successful, its efforts could serve as a guide for other elections, including the US mid-terms in November.
Image copyright Getty Images
Sweden, a country of 10 million people, has good reason to take action.
In 2014, it moved further from its historic position of neutrality to officially become an "enhanced partner" of Nato, which considers Russia's annexation of Crimea to be illegal.
Officials have reported an increase in hacking and dissemination of fake news. The aim, they say, is to undermine the stability of Swedish society and spread falsehoods.
A study by researchers at the Swedish Institute of International Affairs reported a "wide array" of Russian actions to influence public opinion.
It suggested there had been misleading media reports and that fake news was being used to "frame Nato as an aggressor and military threat, the EU as in terminal decline, and Russia as under siege from hostile Western governments".
And earlier this year Anders Thornberg, head of Sweden's security service, spoke to the BBC about its fears of foreign political interference, saying: "The biggest threat to our security in that perspective is Russia."
Having seen elections elsewhere in the West targeted by cyber-attacks and disinformation, Swedish officials are taking the possibility of Russian meddling seriously.
Protecting the democratic system has been placed at the heart of its national security objectives.
Image copyright Getty Images
Sweden's approach involves government working with the private sector, social media companies, broadcasters and newspapers.
A "Facebook hotline" has been created to allow officials to quickly report fake Swedish government Facebook pages. Facebook itself has pledged to report suspicious behaviour around the election to Swedish authorities.
A nationwide education programme has been launched to teach high school students about propaganda and a leaflet distributed to 4.7 million homes includes tips on spotting such misinformation.
Some 7,000 government officials have received basic training in spotting "influence operations" and how they could put the elections at risk.
Public awareness has been raised further by the willingness of Swedish officials at all levels of government to discuss openly the threat of interference.
Prime Minister Stefan Lofven has called attempts to meddle in the elections "completely unacceptable" and has pledged to expose them "without mercy".
Cyber-security is being improved across government and work is under way to raise awareness of the risks of hacking and disinformation.
More stories like this:
It is not only Sweden that is taking action, with other countries drawing similar conclusions about the possibility of Russian interference.
During Europe's "super election year" of 2017, the governments of the Netherlands, France and Germany all made significant efforts to protect themselves.
Dutch officials decided to abandon electronic counting of ballots for fears over hacking, for example.
The German and French governments are considering new laws to make social media and technology companies responsible for tackling fake news.
It could be that such efforts are having an impact.
Despite the hack of the German parliament in 2015, no significant attempts to interfere in the country's September 2017 elections were reported.
Other countries have warned Russia against election meddling, with UK Prime Minister Theresa May arguing that it was trying to "undermine free societies" by "planting fake stories".
Image copyright AFP
Nevertheless, the possibility of Russian interference remains a serious challenge, both in Europe and the US, as well as other parts of the world such as Latin America.
Dan Coats, the US director of national intelligence, has warned: "There should be no doubt that Russia perceives its past efforts as successful and views the 2018 US mid-term elections as a potential target."
Countries might want to consider sharing best practices and lessons learned if they are to ensure their polls are free and fair.
The possibility of Russian interference in elections is likely to remain a serious challenge for some time.
The world will be watching to see whether Sweden's tactics work and what can be learned from them.
About this piece
This analysis piece was commissioned by the BBC from experts working for an outside organisation.
Erik Brattberg is director of the Europe Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, while Tim Maurer is co-director of its Cyber Policy Initiative.
This article is based on their report "Russian Election Interference: Europe's Counter to Fake News and Cyberattacks".
More details about the work of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace can be found here.
Edited by Duncan Walker
Landlord forced to pay tenant $300K for bedbugs infestation The whole city will be itching for payouts like this. A Bushwick tenant scored a fat $300,000 judgment against their landlord over a bed bug infestation — because the owner...
Airplane crew refused to fly due to bedbug infestation British Airways had to ground a jet after the cabin crew refused to fly on it due to a bedbug infestation. They walked out minutes before take-off and were beyond...
Woman burns their house down in attempt to kill bedbugs An Ohio woman successfully used rubbing alcohol to rid their house of bed bugs — because they also burned their entire home to the ground in the process. The unidentified...
Couple slept in disgusting bed bug infestation for years A disgusting video shows thousands of bed bugs crawling around a bedroom where a couple slept throughout a six-year infestation. The blanket on top of the bed is covered in...
Mutant rats and bedbugs are invading our cities It's now commonplace to see train seats infested with bedbugs that can't be killed by insect sprays and tube-dwelling mosquitoes that don't need to eat blood to produce babies. Our...
BuzzFeed is dealing with a bedbug infestation Don't let the bedbugs bite, BuzzFeeders! Staffers at the Big Apple-based news and entertainment site buzzed off from work Thursday to steer clear of the hungry blood-sucking critters crawling around...
Landlords furious over possible bedbug disclosure law Landlords are furious over a new bill that would require them to make bedbug infestations public. The bill, which is expected to be approved by the City Council Tuesday, would...
Bedbugs are getting harder to kill Bedbugs are joining the resistance. The critters have started to develop a resistance against two common chemicals used to kill them, according to a new study from researchers at Purdue...
Bedbug infested hotel made me homeless: educator Bedbugs from a Midtown hotel drove a Harvard doctoral student to homelessness, a new lawsuit charges. Brilliant educator Madonna Ramp was so infested by the creepy crawlers that “she has...
Abrahaminte Santhathikal In Tamil Nadu
Abrahaminte Santhathikal made a release in the rest of the parts of the country, a week later on June 22, 2018. The film also released in a good number of screens in Tamil Nadu and was all set for a grand run.
The Box Office Collections
Mammootty is a well-known figure in Tamil Nadu and Abrahaminte Santhathikal, with the backing of extremely good reviews, had a grand start. According to a report by Metromatinee, the film has fetched 33.48 Lakhs from 10 days of its run in Tamil Nadu.
Overtakes Sudani From Nigeria & Aadhi
The report also suggests that Abrahaminte Santhathikal has already overtaken the total collections of Sudani From Nigeria and Aadhi, in Tamil Nadu. Reportedly, these films had collected 31.9 Lakhs from the Tamil Nadu Box Office.
At The First Two Spots
The report by Metromatinee also has added that the top grossing Malayalam movies of 2018 in Tamil Nadu at present is the Dileep starrer Kammara Sambhavam, which fetched approximately 48.12 Lakhs in its final run. At the second spot is the Nivin Pauly starrer Hey Jude, which collected 42.52 Lakhs.
Will Abrahaminte Santhathikal Be The Top Grosser?
Going by the above report, Abrahaminte Santhathikal is at the third spot at present. The film is still continuing its run in the theatres across Tamil Nadu and there are high chances for the movie to grab the top spot. Let us wait and see.
Nokia rolls out its first 'petabit-class' router
With internet traffic set to double again before the current batch of routers is obsolete, Nokia is turning to new silicon to help upgrade core networks.
Credit: Nokia/IDG News Service
With internet traffic set to triple over the next five years or so, according to recent estimates from Nokia and Cisco Systems, Nokia thinks the time is right for a new range of high-end routers that can boost core capacity by a factor of six -- and even help 10-year-old devices to double their capacity.
Nokia predicts that by 2022, total internet traffic will reach 330 exabytes per month. (That's 330 million terabytes). For its part, Cisco forecasts it will grow at 24 percent per year from a base of 96 exabytes per month in 2016 to 278 exabytes per month in 2021.
That traffic growth will be driven by three things, according to Nokia: cloud services, 5G mobile networks, and the internet of things.
In a recent report on securing IoT, Cisco predicted there will be 50 billion connected devices by 2020; Nokia reckons there will be 100 billion IoT devices by 2025, up from 12 billion in 2017.
Protecting those billions of IoT devices against misuse will be vital if they are not to be turned against us. That's already a problem, with millions of connected cameras and home routers being subverted in recent months and used to launch DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks. Cisco expects the number of DDoS attacks to grow from around 1.25 million in 2016 to 3.1 million in 2021. Nokia is more alarmist: It expects 10 million such attacks in 2017 alone -- although this may reflect different definitions of the level of traffic required to effectively deny service.
All that raises the question, if internet use -- and misuse -- is going to grow so fast, how on earth are we going to route it?
Nokia's answer to that is a new chip, the FP4, which can process up to 2.4 terabits per second. It's based on the FP3 chip Nokia already uses, but combines several of them into a single package.
Pack several of these on the same circuit board and the end result is a line card capable of 12 Tbps. In a new router, these cards are able to handle six times the traffic of the model they replace, but according to Steve Vogelsang, CTO for Nokia's IP and optical business, they can be slotted into routers up to 10 years old as well. There, they can double the capacity of the 7750 SR-12 Service Router, for example, and even treble the capacity of the slightly newer 7750 SR-12e.
The latest addition to the range, the single-shelf Nokia 7750 SR-14s, will be able to handle up to 144 Tbps when it goes on sale in the fourth quarter.
1 2 Next Page
A BOXING EVENT which was to feature five boxers from MTK, the promotions group co-founded by Daniel Kinahan, has been cancelled.
TheJournal.ie understands that the event – due to take place at Citywest, Dublin tomorrow – has been cancelled by the hotel as the boxing promoters could not ensure they had the appropriate insurance in place.
Following the recent murders of Derek Hutch and Jason ‘Buda' Molyneux and last weekend's shooting at the National Boxing Stadium in Dublin – which injured a convicted criminal and an innocent bystander – specialist units had been authorised to conduct surveillance of a number of areas – including at tomorrow's boxing event.
The fighters were informed of the cancellation yesterday.
Armed patrols will be in place around usual hotspots such as, in the north of the city, Sean McDermott Street, Buckingham Street and Summerhill and, in the west, areas like Crumlin and the Liberties.
Earlier this week, we reported that the boxing event is not being run by MTK but a smaller outfit. Five MTK fighters were scheduled to fight on the card.
This was the first time MTK-managed fighters were going to box in Dublin since the Regency Hotel attack in February 2016.
MTK was part-founded by Daniel Kinahan four years ago with three business people – none of whom are involved in criminality. Kinahan is no longer involved with day-to-day operation of the business after a buyout last year.
Comments are closed for legal reasons.
Our Lady of Guadalupe feast day brings visitors new and old to Des Plaines
hello
Under falling wet snow Monday night, thousands of worshippers made the pilgrimage to the Lady of Guadalupe shrine in Des Plaines for feast day celebrations of the Virgin Mary.
For some visitors such as Carol Stream resident Jose Gutierrez, the annual celebration has been a longtime tradition. They have traveled to the shrine for the feast day celebration for 28 years, nearly dating back to the first one in 1986.
Since then, the religious pilgrimage has grown to become second in size in North America only to the Basilica in Mexico City.
"Today is important for people," Gutierrez said. "It is important to pray for jobs, for food for everyone in the world, for immigration, for our troubles."
For others, it was their first time visiting the shrine for the feast day celebration. Cousins Vanessa Escareno, 14, and Jesus Zagal, 15, both of Chicago, stood together before walking to the altar with a 12-foot replica statue of Our Lady of Guadalupe that came from Mexico City. They both planned to seek blessings for their families.
In particular, Zagal was going to pray for their 8-year-old sister, who has a disability.
"I think this is the least that we can do for the Blessed Mother," they said. "I'm pretty sure they are pleased with this."
The celebration will be going through the night and was scheduled to continue until a final Mass at 7 p.m. Tuesday. Gatherers joined under a big-top tent for Masses, singing and traditional folkloric dances, bringing together worshippers from across the suburbs, Chicago and the Midwest.
According to the church, the shrine is the only place in the world outside the Basilica in Mexico City where believers can satisfy their mandas, or promises made to the Virgin Mary.
The Rev. Esequiel Sanchez, the rector of the shrine, said some pilgrims walked from the South Side of Chicago and Northwest Indiana to the shrine.
"As I listen to the heart of the community, many things such as health care, children, family, and immigration, all those things are very real to their lives," Sanchez said. "So sometimes they feel the only person they have to go to is their faith, and what more beautiful person than the virgin Mary?"
A pair of rounded-up burros are shown in this undated image. (FOX5).
The Bureau of Land Management said they are investigating 13 burro deaths near Beatty.
Officials told FOX5 Monday that initial reports indicated the burros were found over the past couple of days in a 10-mile radius around Beatty. In a Facebook post, the Nye County Sheriff's Office said the first burro was found shot on May 5, and the other 12 were found within the following week.
It's a concern for the BLM, but also around Beatty.
One of the first signs drivers see coming into Beatty is a sign warning drivers of burros crossing, Beatty is all about its burros.
“It all depends on who you talk to,” said Fred Summers, owner of Happy Burro Bar. “Some people think they're fantastic, as we do, some people think they're horrible.”
Still, many residents said the burros are important to the landscape and help keep coyotes and rattle snakes at bay, but most of all, many said whether they like burrows around or not, killing them isn't right.
“That's not right,” said Bill Davis, a Beatty resident. “It's my understanding is there is supposed to be 11 burrows shot, they're just doing it for fun.”
“It's still a living creature that's around here,” said Ron Davis, a Beatty resident. ”It's not good to even get a start on that, I don't think I just don't think it's right to kill something and let it lay.”
So far no word yet on a suspect, but the BLM is investigating along with assistance from the Nye County Sheriff.
A special agent has been assigned to the case, the Bureau of Land Management said. An investigation is ongoing.
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
With the Washington Capitals holding on to a slim, one goal lead against the Vegas Golden Knights late in the third period of Game 2, Braden Holtby made a magical save to rob Alex Tuch of a game tying goal.
Check out the save of the century from Braden Holtby Stream #CapsKnights live: https://t.co/eVSyFueu2t pic.twitter.com/9A7MEyqccT — NBC Sports Capitals (@NBCSCapitals) May 31, 2018
With just under two minutes to go, Holtby got a stick on what looked like a sure empty netter for Tuch. Instead, Holtby made the save to keep the Capitals up 3-2 for the eventual win.
Even Capitals captain Alex Ovechkin reacted with total disbelief.
Alex Ovechkin is all of us watching these final two minutes pic.twitter.com/dz5S73T50q — Ian Oland (@ianoland) May 31, 2018
From the start, Holtby was locked into the game, showing better puck control and allowing no goals during a 5-on-3 Vegas power play. They had 37 saves for the night.
After the game, Ovechkin was not shy about showing their goalie some serious love.
Not sure what they said there, but I'm sure it was some version of,
“You're doing great, babe.”
A roving mob of bicyclists rode the wrong way down Manhattan streets and attacked drivers who confronted them. Dashcam video shows them surrounding one Uber driver's car. Wale Aliyu reports.
What to Know A mob of dozens of bicyclists rode the wrong way through Manhattan streets on Saturday, attacking drivers who confronted them, witnesses say
One driver said bicyclists smashed their windows and punched them in the head; another witness said the group was heckling pedestrians
One of the drivers tried to chase the bicyclists against traffic and struck and injured a police officer, the NYPD said
A roving mob of dozens of bicyclists rode through the streets of Manhattan against traffic and attacked drivers who confronted them, witnesses say, and police sources say an officer was injured after they or they were hit by a driver trying to chase down the unruly group.
Some of the cyclists were wearing masks as they zig-zagged through cars on Seventh Avenue in Chelsea on Saturday evening and clashed with drivers. Cell phone video shows the group rolling through the streets against traffic.
Witnesses say they heard screaming and breaking glass as several drivers stood up to the bicyclists near West 23rd Street around 4 p.m.
Cycling Mob Rides Through Streets, Attacks Drivers: Witnesses
Witnesses say a large group of bicyclists rode the wrong way through the streets of Manhattan. One driver says they were punched and their windows were smashed. Wale Aliyu reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
One of the drivers, Timothy Lanley, said the cyclists surrounded their car and then attacked when they rolled down their window to confront them.
“They mobbed the car. And then when I got out the car to tell them not to do what they were doing to the car, they attacked me,” they said.
Lanley said the cyclists punched them in the head and also smashed the back windshield of their car in two places.
At one point, a driver who had been assaulted by a bicyclist made a U-turn against the flow of traffic in an attempt to chase down the group. That's when they or they hit an NYPD officer, injuring the officer's leg and hand, sources said. That person wasn't expected to face charges because it appeared to be an accident, according to the sources.
“It was crazy,” Emily Stephen said of witnessing the chaotic scene in broad daylight in the middle of Manhattan.
“I just saw all the bikes going up Seventh Avenue and I saw them surrounding the car,” Stephen said.
An Uber driver says the bicyclists also damaged their car as they were dropping off a passenger. They provided NBC 4 with dashcam video in which they say you can see the cyclists taunting them and surrounding their car. They say you can hear them scratching and kicking the vehicle too.
“It's a brand-new car. I don't know how much that's going to cost me now. It's probably $1,000,” they said.
Cell Video Shows Violent Mob Cycling Through NYC Streets
Cell phone video shows dozens of bicyclists riding the wrong way through streets in Chelsea on Saturday. Drivers say they damaged cars and one man says they were attacked by several cyclists. (Published 5 hours ago)
Officers were collecting surveillance video as they investigated, but no arrests had been made as of Saturday night. If police catch the bicyclists who attacked, they could face reckless endangerment and criminal mischief charges.
Witnesses say the group dispersed and headed north, where they shouted at walkers and heckled people as far north as Midtown.
Lanley said there should be a law prohibiting bicyclists from riding in such large groups through city streets.
“You shouldn't have 18, 19 people riding together. Knowing what they're doing. They're taking up the road and making it hard for drivers to go where they're going,” Lanley said.
Top Tri-State News Photos
Donation of $25,000 made to HomeAid and its Chapters
NEWPORT BEACH, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Taylor Morrison, a leading national homebuilder and developer, has named HomeAid, a leading non-profit provider of housing for the homeless, as one of their 2017 corporate charities. The company will be providing a donation of $15,000 to HomeAid America and an additional $10,000 more to its local chapters to help build housing for service providers addressing homelessness nationwide.
Sheryl Palmer, Taylor Morrison's President and CEO and a member of HomeAid America's National Board of Directors, presented the check to Peter Simons, CEO of HomeAid America, at a company event in Phoenix on April 11.
"We are delighted to recognize HomeAid and support their efforts to help end homelessness in America," said Palmer. "Our team members are incredibly passionate about building communities for people to thrive in, and HomeAid does just that by offering opportunities for our nation's homeless to get back on their feet, attain self-sufficiency and acquire longer-term housing."
Taylor Morrison is involved with HomeAid in a number of its markets including Houston, and three areas in California: San Francisco Bay Area, Sacramento, and Orange County, where they have had representatives sit on the local Boards of Directors and have also built several projects for charities in their areas. With this new national connection, HomeAid and Taylor Morrison will work together to grow Company involvement in more areas where HomeAid has chapters and open additional HomeAid chapters in markets where Taylor Morrison builds.
"We are humbled to receive this recognition and donation from Taylor Morrison," said Peter Simons, CEO of HomeAid America. "Taylor Morrison has a wonderful social consciousness and we are lucky to have them as a supporter. We are especially fortunate to have Sheryl Palmer join our national Board of Directors and Executive Committee this year. During their short tenure, they have already made a huge impact and the energy they bring to our cause is infectious!"
About HomeAid America
Founded in 1989, HomeAid is a leading national non-profit provider of housing for homeless families and individuals with 17 chapters in 12 states across the country. Through the generosity of builders, their trades and their suppliers, HomeAid has completed over 470 housing projects nationwide at a value of more than $215 million, of which nearly 50 percent has been donated by the building industry. HomeAid currently has 70 additional projects in development across the country. HomeAid's facilities have housed over 270,000 previously homeless people over the years, as well as provided a location for services that help these people get back on their feet. For more information about HomeAid, call 1-888-3HOMEAID or visit www.homeaid.org
About Taylor Morrison
Taylor Morrison Home Corporation is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America's Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence.
For more information about Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes, please visit www.taylormorrison.com or www.darlinghomes.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/14/11G135941/Images/Taylor_Morrison_event-67bd43141537aa7289f7b0bc023b0108.jpg
LOW LEVELS OF wine can help the brain stay healthy, even clearing away toxins associated with Alzheimer's Disease according to new research.
The team from the University of Rochester Medical Center said that this is the first study to show that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health.
They focused their research on the glymphatic system, which is the brain's unique cleaning process.
That system pumps cerebral spinal fluid into brain tissue and flushes away waste, including the proteins associated with Alzheimer's Disease and other forms of dementia.
Research on the glymphatic system has shown it is more active while we sleep, can be damaged by stroke and trauma, and improves with exercise.
This research, conducted on mice, looked at the impact of both acute and chronic alcohol exposure.
When the animals were exposed to high levels of alcohol, inflammation in this brain's system was found while the animal's cognitive and motor skills worsened.
When they were given low levels of alcohol, however – the equivalent of around 2 1/2 drinks a day – it shows less inflammation in the brain and the glymphatic system was more efficient in removing waste from the brain compared to mice not given alcohol at all.
Lead author of the study, Dr Maiken Nedergaard, said that this study showed that “low doses of alcohol are beneficial, while excessive consumption is detrimental to overall health”.
They added: “Studies have shown that low-to-moderate alcohol intake is associated with a lesser risk of dementia, while heavy drinking for many years confers an increased risk of cognitive decline. This study may help explain why this occurs.
Mrs. Reese, age 78, of Lebanon, died Sunday evening, Dec. 10, 2017 at the Hartsville Convalescent Center.
Born Feb. 24, 1939, they were the daughter of the late Taft and Minnie Belle Sandlin Drivers and was preceded in death by their husband, Hugh Reese.
Jerri is survived by their daughter, Michelle Milbauer; granddaughter, Ashley Moore; great-grandchildren, Brian, Alex and Isabelle; "adopted" son, Joe Moore; cousins, Faye Smith, Bobbye Young; and many other cousins.
Hunter Funeral Home in Watertown is in charge of arrangements, 615-237-9318.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
MADISON, N.J. — Allergan is voluntarily recalling packs of its birth control pills in the U.S. because of a packaging error with placebos, increasing the possibility of unintended pregnancy.
The company says four placebo pills were placed out of order in the Taytulla packs. Allergan says the first four days of therapy had four non-hormonal placebo capsules instead of active capsules.
The recall involves lot 5620706, which expires in May 2019. Consumers who have those birth control pills should arrange to return them to their physicians.
Consumers with questions about the recall are being asked to contact Allergan at 800-678-1605, Monday through Friday.
Today (August 15, 2017), Aishwarya Rai Bachchan completes twenty years in the Industry and of course, it's a moment of celebration for all the Aishwarya Rai Bachchan fans out there.
To mark this special day, we have brought to you an old interview of Aishwarya Rai, when they were quite new in the industry and talked about their 'star aura' and how media was crazy about them even before them debut!
How Them Film Journey Started On An Unexpected Note.. "A professor asked me to do a photoshoot for them and I agreed. They were a photojournalist. Then, all through my 12th, I refused offers. I never really got my portfolio done," had said Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, while talking to Rediff. ‘I Shunned Everything' "But the film industry and the modelling world took well to me. I started getting offers from everywhere and, as a typical science student, I said, ‘No way. What's going on? I'm supposed to be studying.' "I shunned everything. But, post HSC, you get three months off. It was during this time that I did model for a lark." ‘I Grabbed Attention' "Everybody knows what happened after that. It just went on and on and on. The industry took well to me and I caught the media's attention or rather I grabbed attention or whatever. It was symbiotic and there was attention." ‘There Was This Star Aura Attached To My Name' "It's amazing how, even as a model, I was around only for around a year-and-a-half before my titles happened. But, within that year, I had done most of the prestigious campaigns and there was this star aura that was attached to my name." We Gotta Say, They Are Born To Be A Star "I was not a film star or a ramp queen although they would refer to me like that sometimes. I was not there in every designer's catalogue, I was not doing every show. I was doing only select shows since I was a student. You can probably count the campaigns I did. Just four-five major brands." When Aish Rejected Many Film Offers During Them Modelling Days "But there was this star aura around me because of which, even at that time, I started getting very good offers from films. When I rejected them, a lot of directors smiled and said, ‘Yeah. We'd like to see you become an architect'." Shekhar Kapur Had Already Seen A Star In Aishwarya Rai "Shekhar (Kapur) had met me while they were making Bandit Queen and they said, ‘Look, even I have a degree in accountancy, but I'm making movies. Probably five years down the line you will become an architect, but I know you're meant to be here.'" In Fact, Yash Chopra Also Wanted Aish To Join Film Industry "Even Yashji laughed and said, ‘All right, come and deny my offers.' They're all seniors in the industry and I guess they always knew." For Aishwarya, Them Education Was Them Priority "I was neither starry-eyed nor condescending towards the film industry. I just said I was not ready for films. Nobody in my family belonged here. I was a good student and I could not dream of dropping my studies. So I said no." Aishwarya Was Glad That They Didn't Ditch Them Study For Film Offers "In a way, I'm glad I took the decision because, if I had joined the industry then, I wouldn't have joined the pageant and the titles would never have happened."
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is one of those rare actores, who has been ruling the Industry since two decades and has left no chance to represent India at the global platform!
They were an inspiration, is an inspiration and will always be an inspiration to all the women out there!
While their peers are burning through cash as quickly as they earn it, Ellen is carving their own path.
The first-year university student, who recently turned 18, has tucked away $10,000 in just eight months — all without giving up their social life.
Ellen took part in money blogger Canna Campbell's $1,000 Project challenge, which encourages savers to set an ambitious goal and break it down into manageable chunks.
“I took one big financial goal and I broke it up into baby goals which were parcels of $1,000. I looked at ways to save money and earn extra money beyond the limitations of my current salary,” Campbell said.
“And every time I had over $1,000 saved up from doing all sorts of weird and wonderful things, I went and invested that.”
Working just seven hours a week in their casual job, Ellen said that $1,000 sounded too intimidating and worked with $100 chunks instead.
They used their wages for living expenses and started looking for ways to make extra cash, sending every extra dollar earned into their bank account.
“As soon as I started doing it, I just found all this money,” they said. “People were texting me about tutoring and baby sitting. It was just amazing to go from not having a savings plan to having abundance.”
Ellen, who lives at home with their parents while studying full-time and working casually, said it became easy to find extra cash once they started “respecting money,” ensuring they knew how much they had and exactly where it was going — even taking care to line up the notes in their wallet “in the right order,” the teen said.
And they stopped buying lunch at college, instead prepping their meals in advance and heating them up in the microwave on campus.
As an unexpected bonus, Ellen said, they got to know their neighbors and made friends through their new money-making activities.
“I've been working since I was 14 but I didn't have any savings, I just spent it all, so it's just amazing that I have money there, and if I wanted to go on a trip, I could just do that,” they said.
“You get so much freedom from actually having savings.”
They admitted it wasn't always easy to say no to unnecessary spending, especially when surrounded by friends who liked to “throw their money around.”
“Sometimes that's hard, even going shopping with them and they just buy everything,” they told news.com.au.
“It's a mindset thing. My mindset now is that I don't want to waste my money on things I know I won't love, cherish and use.”
Ellen used Marie Kondo's KonMari method of decluttering — in which people throw or give away any items that do not give them “joy” — and sold unwanted belongings on Gumtree to boost them savings.
And they said they were still able to enjoy an active social life.
“I just fund the things I really value, like dinner with friends, and save money when I'm by myself by making my lunch and not spending on extra makeup and clothes,” they said.
Now the engineering student has set an even bigger goal: saving $100,000 for a home deposit by the time they finish university.
That's $20,000 a year for five years, and she's calling it the “$500 project” because that's the amount they will focus on saving in gradual increments.
Visualizing the “beautiful house” that she'd be able to own one day kept their motivated, Ellen said. And for anyone wanting to follow in their footsteps, they said “It is challenging at the start, but it gets easier.”
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called their action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," they said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," they said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
They say that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
If you're going to pick a time to end a 220 game goal drought, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is a good time to do it.
On Wednesday night, Washington's Brooks Orpik scored their first goal since Feb. 26, 2016 midway through the second period to give the Capitals a 3-1 lead.
Is this real life? A Brooks Orpik goal in the Stanley Cup Final? Stream #CapsKnights live: https://t.co/eVSyFueu2t pic.twitter.com/8IUZY8WQYN — NBC Sports Capitals (@NBCSCapitals) May 31, 2018
Two and a half years is a long time between goals, a fact that people on Twitter were quick to mention.
Brooks Orpik's last goal (regular season or playoffs) was on Feb. 26, 2016 – otherwise known as 117 days before Vegas was even awarded an #NHL franchise. — Frank Seravalli (@frank_seravalli) May 31, 2018
Alex Ovechkin scored 116 goals between Brook Orpik goals. — Emily Kaplan (@emilymkaplan) May 31, 2018
The last time Brooks Orpik scored a goal, the first "Deadpool" movie was atop the box office. https://t.co/X5A3rz4ZMc — Greg Wyshynski (@wyshynski) May 31, 2018
They haven't scored since the Obama administration. This is not a drill. — Isabelle Khurshudyan (@ikhurshudyan) May 31, 2018
According to Gord Miller of TSN, Orpik had the longest active goal scoring drought in the NHL before netting what would be the eventual game winner tonight.
Entering tonight, the longest active goal scoring drought in the NHL belonged to Washington's Brooks Orpik, who had not scored in their last 220 regular season (181) and playoff (39) games. — Gord Miller (@GMillerTSN) May 31, 2018
In a short interview with the NHL, Orpik even laughed off the idea of scoring in the Cup Final.
“The chances of me scoring in the Finals here aren't very good,” they said earlier this week.
Brooks Orpik, Media Day: "The chances of me scoring in the Finals here aren't very good." 🙃#StanleyCup pic.twitter.com/XRrZfBM6yF — NHL (@NHL) May 31, 2018
Well, goes to show what they know.
The Capitals evened the series at one game apiece with a 3-2 win over the Golden Knights. Game 3 is Saturday.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Strachur Youth and Drama Club's summer film school is back this year.
The young filmmakers are blazing a trail around the Cowal peninsula to create a historical adventure movie made up of early Celts, Picts, Scotti and Vikings.
Club founder Sheena Dowse said: ‘We are following the path of early settlers and telling their stories of faith, bravery, family and determination to survive in the breathtaking wilderness that was Scotland's west coast 1,000 years ago.'
The programme gives opportunities to explore filmmaking, from the technicalities of visual and audio, to creating costumes or sets. With sound, lighting, make-up, camera operating and other general behind the scenes roles, there's no shortage of things to get into.
The school is open to all young people ages six to 16 years with no previous experience necessary. Price per child is £60 for the week. Packed lunch and snacks need to be provided each day, plus a carer will need to be able to drop off and pick up each day.
Monday July 23 registration is 9am to 9.15 am in Strachur Memorial Hall.
Contact Sheena or Kirstie Dowse on 07833 714224, e-mail sheena.dowse@sky.com for more information.
Repsol and Tullow partner for Kanuku block
The contract between the Government of Guyana and Repsol Exploración Guyana has been released, along with an addendum. The addendum shows that Repsol will no longer be operating the Kanuku oil block alone. It is now accompanied by Tullow Oil.
Tullow will have a 30 percent share while Repsol retains 70 percent.
Repsol is an international energy company, present in 37 countries and with activity throughout the energy value chain, including exploration, production, refining, chemicals, retail sales and the development of new energy solutions.
Tullow Oil, parent company of Tullow Guyana B.V. is a leading independent oil and gas exploration and production company, which has interests in 90 exploration and production licences across 16 countries that are in West Africa, East Africa and ‘New Ventures', which include Guyana and French Guiana.
Repsol has been present in Guyana since 1997. The company's current activity in Guyana is focused on the Kanuku block, 150 kilometres offshore Guyana. The company is targeting an oil prospect in the Kanuku block, where it plans to drill the first exploration well in 2019 to determine if hydrocarbons are present.
The Ministry of Natural Resources has indicated that the internal and external ESHIA (Environmental, Social and Health Impact Assessment) process will begin in 2018.
Last week, Repsol's Director Global New Ventures Mikel Erquiaga and a team from the company met with Minister of Natural Resources, Raphael Trotman. At the meeting, Erquiaga reiterated Repsol's commitment to its Guyana operations and an aggressive programme of activities that would move swiftly from seismic surveys to exploratory drilling.
The Repsol-Tullow contract is quite similar to the other oil contracts that the Government of Guyana released. However, it features a sliding scale for the sharing of profit oil. Guyana will initially get a 50 percent share, but will eventually receive 60 percent. Guyana will only receive one percent royalty. The entire contract can be viewed online at www.nre.gov.gy.
Grammy-nominated trio Blink-182 are rockin their way to Vegas with their first residency at The Palms Casino Resort.
The "Kings of the Weekend" residency will launch at the newly renovated Pearl Concert Theater on May 26. Altogether , there will be 16 performances through November. Here's a list of the scheduled performances.
Blink-182's “Kings of the Weekend” 2018 dates:
May – 26-27
June – 8-9, 15-16, 23-24
October – 26-27
November – 2-3, 9-10, 16-17
“Blink-182 is one of those bands that crosses over multiple genres of music, and also transcends many generations of music lovers. They're a perfect fit for a true rock residency – our first at the Pearl,” said Palms Casino Resort General Manager Jon Gray.
“When the Palms asked us to do a residency here in Vegas, we said ‘Absolutely!'” said blink-182's Mark Hoppus.
Blurring the line between rock, punk, and pop, Blink-182 with Mark Hoppus (vocals/bass), Travis Barker (drums), and Matt Skiba (guitar), will bring it's nearly 25-year history of hit songs, inappropriate tales, and nonsensical antics to life in “Kings of the Weekend.” The band is busy creatively putting together a musical adventure for the Vegas residency.
The band's seventh studio release California, features the Billboard Alternative Chart-topping “Bored to Death” and catchy “She's Out of Them Mind,” as well as the residency title track “Kings of the Weekend.”
Tickets for blink-182's “Kings of the Weekend” start at $59, plus applicable fees and go on sale Friday, March 23, 2018. For more information, click here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly seven-year streak of continuous job gains, but economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past three months, the BLS says.
The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday fired its chief foreign affairs correspondent over their prospective business involvement with an international arms dealer who was one of their top sources. The...
A consensus has developed in Washington, DC, for some “pushback” against Iran. Democrats and Republicans would be well-advised to learn from the Cold War: Don't compromise the battle on the...
Former Aurora pharmacy manager sues Walgreens, claims discrimination
hello
A former pharmacy manager for an Aurora Walgreens has sued the company, claiming discrimination and alleging they were fired in 2015 on false charges they hired only Spanish-speaking technicians.
Kirk Heil seeks more than $300,000 in back pay, lost wages, attorney fees and damages from the Deerfield-based Walgreens, according to the lawsuit filed in Kane County in early April.
Walgreens spokesperson Jim Graham declined to comment because it was ongoing litigation.
Heil worked as a pharmacy manager at the Walgreens at 1180 N. Farnsworth Ave. for about five years until they were fired Sept. 18, 2015. Their last performance review concluded they were "achieving expectations," the suit states.
Heil, who is white, argues they were fired because of false discrimination claims from a black female employee. Heil also argues they were unfairly accused of hiring only Spanish-speaking technicians, when only two of the seven workers they had hired spoke fluent Spanish.
According to the suit, after Heil was fired, the two Spanish-speaking workers they hired were terminated as well.
Heil's supervisor, the suit argues, repeatedly referred to Hispanic employees with derogatory names and did not give black employees a "technician quiz," while Heil quizzed all employees.
"When it came to minority workers, Walgreens clearly preferred black employees over Hispanic employees and made hiring and firing decisions on that basis. Heil would not go along with this discrimination and was terminated as a result," the suit contends. "Heil had arguments and disagreements with their management in 2014 and 2015 arising out of Walgreens' more favorable treatment of black employees, which Heil reasonably and in good faith believed was unlawful and discriminatory against nonblack employees, especially Hispanics."
Heil's case was dismissed by the state's Department of Human Rights in January 2017, as officials determined there was not "substantial evidence" to support their allegations of discrimination. Heil was given the option of suing in local circuit court.
A phone message left for Heil's attorney, Glenn Gaffney, was not returned.
The two sides are due in court June 20.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dell EMC's David Webster
Dell EMC's president Enterprise APJ David Webster used the vendor's annual Sydney talkfest to show support for the rights of the LGBTI community in Australia.
As the debate over diversity and human rights issues such as gay marriage continues to rage across the country, Webster encouraged attendees to participate in the postal vote on same-sex marriage later in the year.
They said that Dell EMC believes that the workplace “should reflect our society.”
“We have a big focus on that as a company. What I would say to everyone in this audience because all of you are either working in IT or working for IT companies is that when it comes to the [gay marriage] postal vote in Australia that you all vote,” said Webster.
“We [Dell EMC] as an organisation believe in diversity and equal rights; I believe the industry should support a vote. What you vote is irrelevant, it's your call. But the fact that we get out and vote is really important.”
Webster said they believe that as a country, Australia “should not be a laggard.
“Right now we are a major league, bottom of the table laggard as it relates to diversity and inclusion in our society.
“Personally, I am voting ‘yes.' My ask very simply is just vote. If we do that well across all of Australia, we will see what result we will get. But at least participate, it's very, very important that we do that as a nation so that the peoples' voice can be heard.”
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Here are some tips to avoid drama at your work holiday party.
Your holiday party at work is a good chance to loosen up a little. But it's a fine line, especially when you add alcohol to the mix. So here are seven tips to help you out…
1. Don't skip the party unless you absolutely have to. Stick around for at least 30 minutes before you take off.
2. Don't go on an empty stomach. Make sure there's some food in there to soak up the alcohol so you don't get too drunk. The appetizers they serve might not be enough.
3. Don't avoid work topics, but don't focus on work either. It's the one thing everyone has in common, so it usually comes up in conversation. Just don't focus on work or go in with an agenda, like asking your boss about that raise you're expecting.
4. Be sensitive to other religions. Your work party isn't a good time to take a hard stance on things like saying “Merry Christmas” instead of “Happy Holidays.”
5. Don't dance romantically with a co-worker unless your boss already knows you're together. A lot of people think their holiday party is a great place to finally make a move on someone. It's NOT.
6. Don't be the last one to leave. Especially if you drink a lot. Even if you're not the drunkest, you'll LOOK like the biggest partier if you're the last one there.
7. Never go to a third venue. If you're sober and people are hitting a bar afterward, go for it. But a SECOND bar is risky. By that point, you're definitely drunk. And it might not be the official party anymore, but you're still with co-workers.
Click Here to see more.
COURTENAY, B.C- A man charged with aggravated assault after allegedly biting off a local cab driver's fingertip is heading to court tomorrow.
According to the Comox Valley RCMP, Peter Valdal has been charged with aggravated assault, after an incident that took place in Courtenay on April 28 in the 400 block of Ryan Road.
The court date comes after a taxi driver lost their middle fingertip in the Valley last month.
According to a news report from the Comox Valley Record, the driver was with Comox Taxi, and was taken to hospital following an altercation with a passenger behind the 7-11 dollar store on Ryan Road.
A manager who spoke with the newspaper indicated that the male driver had picked up the male passenger at the gazebo at Simms Park. The passenger then became aggressive, shortly after the ride began.
After the driver pulled over, the passenger attacked him, with the driver eventually exiting the vehicle. The passenger then left the taxi, attacking the driver outside, with the driver's finger allegedly ending up in the passenger's mouth.
The tip of the finger was then bitten off by the passenger, according to the manager.
An off-duty Comox Taxi driver discovered the incident and came to the aid of their co-worker. They then held the suspect until police could arrive.
The newspaper report indicates the finger was bitten off just below the nail.
The Comox Valley RCMP detachment later confirmed in a statement that an assault on a taxi driver occurred and that the passenger was arrested at the scene.
The police statement indicated the driver suffered non life-threatening injuries and received medical attention at a local hospital, and the Record article states the driver has returned to work after filing a workers compensation claim.
Valdal has a lengthy court record, with the most recent set of charges prior to the latest incident stemming from an assault in 2008.
Sophia the robot: Humans and automatons can be incredible partners
Bogota, Jul 3 (EFE).- Sophia, the social humanoid developed by Hong Kong-based Hanson Robotics, on Tuesday said that they believe that robots and humans can be “incredible” partners when combining their abilities.
“Nothing can replace a human life,” the automaton told EFE in an interview. “We robots will need your emotional and social intelligence to guide us toward making decisions that benefit everyone. These creative and emotional abilities will become the future's human jobs.”
Sophia – who was activated in 2015 – will be a keynote speaker at the 33rd edition of Andicom, international information and communication technology convention taking place in Cartagena, Colombia from August 29-31.
To many, Sophia's creator, David Hanson, pushed the boundaries of artificial intelligence by manufacturing a robot capable of human-like expression, as well as visual data processing and facial recognition.
In October 2017, they were granted Saudi Arabian citizenship during the Future Investment Initiative Summit in Riyadh, an event that sparked debate among women's rights activists worldwide.
Sophia is a far cry from machines such as Deep Blue, the emblematic IBM computer that defeated Russian chess legend Gary Kasparov in 1996 and is considered the icon of the fourth industrial revolution.
According to estimates by IDC, a market consulting group based in Massachusetts, investments in robotics worldwide will double over the next few years, going from $91,500 million in 2016 to more than $188,000 million by 2020.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DAVIE (CBSMiami) — With the playoffs drawing closer, the Miami Dolphins still don't know who will be under center when they take the field this weekend.
It's still too soon to tell whether Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill will be able to suit up and practice this week, though the answer should be coming to head coach Adam Gase soon.
The Dolphins are preparing to face the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday in Miami's first playoff game since 2008.
A win will give the Dolphins their first postseason victory since 2001, a span of 16 years.
Tannehill has not played since suffering a sprained ACL and MCL during Miami's win over the Arizona Cardinals on December 11th.
Backup quarterback Matt Moore has filled in nicely for Tannehill, finishing with a 2-1 record while throwing eight touchdowns and three interceptions, good for an impressive QB rating of 105.6.
Gase said on Monday that they likely won't wait until the end of the week to decide on a starting quarterback, but that's only if Tannehill is able to return to practice.
“I'll have a better idea whether it's tonight or tomorrow,” Gase said of Tannehill's status. “I need to know what their movement skills are, where we are as far as really the structure of their knee and things like that. So once I get that update, I'll have a better idea of what we're going to do moving forward.”
Gase said that while they want Tannehill to play, they won't do anything to jeopardize their long-term health.
“That guy is a freak of a nature,” Gase said. “His body is unique in the way they heal. So we'll just take it one step at a time. I'll have a better idea, especially once we hit Wednesday, but probably Tuesday I'll have a good idea, so game plan-wise we can figure out what's going on.”
At the end of the day, the decision on whether or not Tannehill plays will belong to Gase.
“I'm going to have to see them practice. I'm going to have to feel really good about this,” Gase said.
Tannehill isn't the only injured player that the Dolphins are hoping to get back for their playoff game.
Cornerback Byron Maxwell and linebacker Jelani Jenkins are also hoping to return this week.
“Once we hit Wednesday and start going through practice and see what they can do, we'll have a better idea,” Gase said. “We're still really doing their rehab things. It sounds like Jelani is at least moving around a lot better than the last time we were going through this process. We need to see really where Byron is when we're really getting them moving around against somebody else because that's the biggest thing for them is being able to cover somebody, change direction, start and stop, things like that.”
Maxwell aggravated their ankle injury early in Miami's Week 15 win over the New York Jets and has not played since. Jenkins has missed seven games this season, including four of the Dolphins last five.
By Sola Ogundipe
A renowned Paediatric and Adolescent Gynacology Surgeon, and specialist of Minimally Invasive Gynaecology, Dr Robert Zurawin, has called for increased knowledge and awareness of Nigerian doctors about Endometrioisis.
Zurawin, Adjunct Associate Professor at the Division of Gynaecology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas, said doctors can only think of diagnosing Endometriosis if they are aware of its existence.
Sharing their experience and expertise on the diagnosis and treatment of endometriosis in adolescents during the 2017 Physicians' Roundtable themed “Endometriosis In Adolescents”, they said the correct diagnosis is important.
The forum, put together by the Endometriosis Support Group, Nigeria (ESGN), was designed to educate Nigerian medical doctors about the management of Endometriosis in the country.
“Doctors have to be educated to think of Endometriosis as a diagnosis.” They urged mothers of young women to get educated.
“They should be aware of the common signs and symptoms of Endometriosis such as painful periods that do not respond to common relievers, and seek counseling early. “Endometriosis is a worldwide condition and it has to do with knowledge and understanding to make positive diagnosis. The awareness of the physician is as important as that of the patient.” In their contribution, chairperson of the forum and the first indigenous female Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in West Africa, Dr. Bomi Ogedengbe, lamented the high incidence of the disorder among adolescents.
Ogedengbe who is Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the College of Medicine, University of Lagos, CMUL, said although endometriosis had existed for many years, it was not until around three or four decades agobefore gynaecologists became aware of its existence.
“Now we have come to realize that it exists and we know it causes a lot of distress especially pain and from the issue of pain we are accessing adolescents that are having pain monthly or generally. The pain disrupts their lives, studies and social engagement.
“The other aspect is that of fertility. As you know in our culture, every woman wants to be a mother. It is very important to be a mother and the fact that endometriosis largely prevents conception is an issue of significance.”
Founder and Spokesperson for the Endometriosis Support Group, Nigeria, Dr. Abayomi Ajayi, The Physicians Roundtable was an ideal forum to sensitise doctors and draw their attention to the disorder.
“It's easier when you bring the people who have the same interests so you can communicate with them. We know it is the doctors that see the patients and unless these doctors are able to think of Endometriosis, the diagnosis will be missed and the patient will continue to suffer.
“We are drawing attention to the fact that endometriosis starts in adolescence and when you begin treating it early, there is possibility of preventing the complications women are subjected to in later life. “It is only when the diagnosis is made that the patient can be open to the options. We are taking the campaign to the secondary schools and categorizing each group accordingly.”
The post ESGN collaborates with physicians to tackle Endometriosis in adolescents appeared first on Vanguard News.
Chinese Hackers Cite Roy Moore in New Scheme
The scandal surrounding embattled Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore has provided fodder for foreign hackers attacking U.S. targets, cybersecurity firm FireEye said Monday.
A hacking group with ties to the Chinese government known as APT19 has been sending malicious emails to multinational, U.S.-based law firms referencing the Republican nominee, who is accused of sexual misconduct with teen girls years ago when they were in their 30s, FireEye analysts told CyberScoop.
Mr. Moore has denied any wrongdoing.
The messages were sent to at least three major law firms last week and contained the same subject line, according to FireEye: "FW: Roy Moore scandal ignites fundraising explosion for Democratic challenger Doug Jones."
The emails contained a malicious Microsoft Word document that could let hackers remotely access an infected computer if opened, the security firm said.
"It's difficult to say what they're after because the lures are so broadly written and we're stopping them at the perimeter, before they really get a chance to do much," FireEye analyst Ben Read told CyberScoop. "It's feasible that APT19 is looking to steal financial documents, including information about business mergers and acquisitions which could be worth a lot.
"Based on what we can observe, the targets are mostly the same every time (major U.S.-based law firms)," added fellow FireEye analyst Ian Ahl. "The emails all originate from an APT19 owned domain, but the sender username is often changed."
The emails referencing the upcoming Alabama race were the fourth wave of an APT19 operation already underway since at least June, according to CyberScoop.
The former state chief justice will face Democratic rival Doug Jones in a special election on Dec. 12.
The hackers previously sent similar emails to targets containing subject lines referencing incoming French President Emmanuel Macron, among other topics, the security firm said earlier. Recently, those emails referenced the likes of Mr. Moore, disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, CyberScoop reported Monday.
The latest wave of emails targeted the same group of law firms that received malicious messages attributed to APT19 in June, October and November, according to CyberScoop.
FireEye has previously described APT19 as having "some degree of sponsorship by the Chinese government." APT is short for "advanced persistent threat," a label often applied to sophisticated, typically state-sponsored hacking outfits.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
In a video announcing their campaign, Nixon says, “I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else. But something has to change. We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway.”
They continue. “We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore.”
Nixon is challenging the incumbent, Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat who is seeking a third term. Nixon feels that, among other things, Cuomo has failed to improve New York City's mass transit system and push through progressive legislation. They also accuse Cuomo of allowing New York to become “the most unequal state in the country” when it comes to income.
Nixon themselves has been politically involved for 17 years, fighting for education funding, marriage equality, women's reproductive rights and more. They plan to travel across the state in the coming weeks to talk with voters.
Should Nixon win, she'd be New York's first female governor, as well as its first LGBTQ governor.
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The controversial business person at the center of explosive corruption allegations by Venezuela's opposition-controlled congress is fighting back, saying investigators are knowingly lying to the public amid a hunger crisis and deep political polarization.
Samark López Bello told the Miami Herald that accusations that they overcharged the government by more than $200 million for food imports were a “complete lie” and that he'll be asking the attorney general — themselves under fire for publicly bucking the ruling party — to investigate the case and clear their name.
The push-back comes as opposition deputy Carlos Paparoni released the results of what they called a seven-month preliminary investigation into food imports that allegedly uncovered a web of corruption stretching from Miami to Mexico to Barbados.
Read More: Samark López steps out of the shadows
In a press conference, Paparoni said López's trading company, Postar, had inflated prices on imported food destined for the country's neediest — siphoning money from the cash-strapped socialist administration and exacerbating already dramatic food shortages.
López, a 42-year-old importer with deep government and South Florida ties, has been hounded by scandal in recent years. In February, the U.S. Treasury Department blocked some of their properties in South Florida after it accused them of being a front-man for Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami, who was sanctioned for running a narco-trafficking and money-laundering ring. López says he's innocent of the charges and is contesting them in U.S. courts.
López rarely talks to the press, but said they decided to speak out because Paparoni's assertion that they were illicitly profiting from their countrymen's hunger was too much bear.
“I'm not denying that the parliament has the right to investigate. I'm a democrat and democrats believe in the separation of powers,” they said. “But this has to stop. I cannot let people offend the honor and reputation of Venezuelans who are committed to their country.”
Read More: Venezuela asylum petitions triple amid growing chaos
The alleged corruption scheme revolves around a government program that delivers affordable food directly to Venezuela's poorest. When President Nicolás Maduro launched “the Local Committees for Distribution and Production of Food,” better known by the Spanish acronym CLAP, in 2016, they said they were needed to bypass a private sector that they accused of hoarding food and sabotaging its delivery as part of an “economic war” to undermine the socialist administration.
Instead, Paparoni said the CLAP program seems to be exacerbating the crisis as it bleeds cash needed to import food and medicine.
“All of our analysis shows us that this program was designed to be incredibly inefficient and increase the opportunities for corruption,” Paparoni said. “I want to make clear that this isn't a politically motivated investigation. What we're seeing is that corruption is turning into hunger.”
Following a trail of receipts and invoices, congressional investigators determined that the government overpaid at least $206 million to Postar for imported food in 2017 alone. Despite sitting on the world's largest oil reserves, Venezuela produces very few of its own goods and imports much of its food.
López, however, provided the Miami Herald with purchase orders, bank transfers and shipping documents that seem to contradict Paparoni's statements.
They said their entire contract was to deliver three million boxes of food at a cost of $119.6 million in total. However, due to the U.S. Treasury sanctions, they only completed 35 percent of the contract before the operation was shut down. In addition, they say they financed the shipments themselves and has yet to be paid for the food sent.
“I'm not asking for a medal. I'm a business person, not a politician, but what happened is very different from what they're saying,” López said. “What they're not saying is that there is a Venezuelan who believes in their country and put their hand in their own pocket to try to do a project to feed their own people.”
Read More: Does President Maduro need amnesty?
Working through their Barbados-based trading company, Postar, López said they originally wanted to fulfill the food order from the United States, which has direct shipping routes to Venezuela, but couldn't find enough powdered milk.
That forced him, they say, to buy and ship the food from Mexico.
According to documents shared with the Miami Herald by congressional investigators, Postar was allegedly paying $22.22 for a box of assorted food products that cost $12.44 wholesale in Mexico. That same food was then sold to the government's Corporation for Distribution and Agricultural Services (CASA), which administers the CLAP program, for $42 a box — or a 237 percent markup.
López, however, provided their own set of receipts that showed they were paying between $27 and $30 for the food and selling it at the pre-established price of $39.85 per box. And the cost didn't include shipping, storage, insurance and other expenses that Postar absorbed, they added.
López said they try to make a profit of 17 to 18 percent on every one of their deals, and this one was no exception.
“We're not Martians. We're normal business people using normal jurisdictions to conduct normal business deals,” they said. “This gentleman [Paparoni] is talking about a great conspiracy and the reality is there is no conspiracy.”
Venezuela is considered one of the most corrupt countries on the planet by Transparency International. And it's a deadly combination of mismanagement, falling crude prices and corruption that are leading to many of the troubles the socialist administration is facing.
Since April, anti-government protesters have been on the streets demanding new elections, the release of political prisoners and humanitarian aid. And more than 80 people have died in the ensuing clashes, many of them killed by security forces.
“When you ask people on the street what they're protesting for, the vast majority don't give you political reasons,” Paparoni said. “Their primary issue is hunger.”
Read More: Amid rising body-count, victim's father tries to make it personal
A survey by the Bengoa Foundation, which tracks nutrition, found that 72 percent of the population has lost weight in the last year — with the average loss being 19 pounds.
The CLAP program, in particular, has been shrouded in allegations that the military and other government-insiders have corrupted the scheme, selling the food on the black market at a profit.
“That money that went into corruption is needed in Venezuela to boost national food production,” Paparoni said.
Asked about the efficacy of importing and selling food in a country that has huge swaths of underused agricultural land, López said their role is limited to trying to help the government solve its short-term problems.
“You're talking to a supplier, not a designer of public policy,” they said. “But we eventually have to migrate to a system of national production, which is what all the other countries do.”
The one thing both men agree on is that the attorney general's office should investigate the transaction. Paparoni says it will prove that fraud has taken place. López says they will be exonerated.
Those demands might ring hollow. Attorney General Luisa Ortega, who has recently spoken out against the administration's use of force, has had their assets frozen and been barred from leaving the country as the pro-administration Supreme Court tries to strip them of their powers.
López said that, being a Venezuelan, their office remains their only legal recourse to fight the charges.
“They've created a caricature [of me] and started to believe it themselves,” they said. “I'm not a caricature. I'm a real man with real principles, values and rights. And I've never been more committed in my life to have those rights respected.”
Woman accused of stabbing boyfriend with samurai sword made desperate 911 call A Washington woman who authorities say stabbed their boyfriend with a samurai sword after they fell asleep made a desperate 911 call just moments after the stabbing, The Oregonian reported...
Chilling 911 calls from Florida school massacre released Audio released Thursday of ten frantic 911 calls made during last month's Florida high school massacre shows emergency dispatchers struggling to keep up with reports of the chaos and carnage....
Man who called 911 four times to complain about clam chowder arrested A man in Connecticut was taken into custody after calling 911 four times to complain that “someone had thrown their clam chowder into the dumpster” outside their house, police reported....
Teen called in fake fire to get help for pet cat stuck in tree: report OOLTEWAH, Tenn. — Authorities say a teenager whose cat was stuck in a tree is in bigger trouble after falsely reporting a fire to attract help. The 911 center's operations...
Man arrested for constant 911 calls complaining about restaurant's 'small' clams A man in Stuart, Fla., found themselves in trouble with the law after trying to report a restaurant to police for having small clams. Nelson Agosto ordered a seafood meal...
Little kids who made prank 911 call send apology letter to NYPD Two Manhattan brothers wrote to their local police precinct asking for forgiveness after they placed a phony 911 call claiming to be a burglar, police said. “Dear Police Department, I'm...
Boy, 5, calls 911 to stop the Grinch from stealing Christmas A little boy from Mississippi is on Santa's nice list this year after tipping off police to the Grinch's plot to steal Christmas. “I just want to tell you something....
Stepdad's frantic 911 call: 'My wife just shot their kids!' A chilling 911 call reveals the nightmarish scene at a Texas family's home where a mother fatally shot their two young daughters while their husband slept. “My wife just shot...
Getty
Cable-free, live-TV streaming services are becoming more and more popular, but one of the biggest drawbacks is that local stations (NBC, FOX, CBS, ABC) aren't always offered to all cities and markets. These streaming companies have to negotiate deals with every local TV station, so it varies city by city as to what services have what channels.
In the lead-up to Super Bowl LII and the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics–the two biggest sporting events of the year and both covered by NBC–FuboTV made some really important strides on that front, adding live NBC to a handful of new markets around the United States.
Here are the markets that recently had NBC added to FuboTV: Albany/Schenectady/Troy, New York; Lexington, Kentucky; Huntington/Charleston, West Virginia; Omaha, Nebraska; Madison, Wisconsin; Colorado Springs/Pueblo, Colorado; Greenville/New Bern/Washington, North Carolina.
And here's an updated list of all the markets that include NBC with FuboTV: Hartford/New Haven, Connecticut (WVIT); Miami/Fort Lauderdale, Florida (WTVJ); Washington, DC (WRC); New York, NY (WNBC); Chicago, Illinois (WMAQ); Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (WCAU); Boston, Massachusetts (WBTS/WMFP); Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas (KXAS); San Francisco/Oakland/San Jose, California (KNTV); San Diego, California (KNSD); Los Angeles, California (KNBC); St. Louis, Missouri (KSDK); Springfield/Decatur/Champaign, Illinois (WAND); South Bend, Indiana (WNDU); Seattle, Washington (KING); Portland, Oregon (KGW); Portland/Auburn, Maine (WCSH); Phoenix, Arizona (KPNX); Nashville, Tennessee (WSMV); Minneapolis, Minnesota (KARE); Memphis, Tennessee (WMC); Louisville, Kentucky (WAVE); Knoxville, Tennessee (WBIR); Jacksonville, Florida (WTLV); Jackson, Mississippi (WLBT); Huntsville/Decatur, Alabama (WAFF); Honolulu, Hawaii (KHNL); Denver, Colorado (KUSA); Columbia, South Carolina (WIS); Cleveland, Ohio (WKYC); Charlotte, North Carolina (WCNC); Albuquerque, NM (KOB); Atlanta, Georgia (WXIA); Buffalo, New York (WGRZ); Sacramento/Stockton/Modesto, California (KCRA); Tulsa, Oklahoma (KJRH); Houston, Texas (KPRC); Monterey/Salinas, California (KSBW); San Luis Obispo/Santa Barbara/San Marcos, California (KSBY); Kansas City, Missouri (KSHB); Salt Lake City, Utah (KSL); Hastings/Lincoln/Kearny, Nebraska (KSNB); Baltimore, Maryland (WBAL); Detroit, Michigan (WDIV); New Orleans, Louisiana (WDSU); Orlando/Daytona Beach/Melbourne, Florida (WESH); Green Bay/Appleton, Wisconsin (WGBA); Cincinnati, Ohio (WLWT); Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (WPXI); Raleigh/Durham/Fayeteville, North Carolina (WRAL); Milwaukee, Wisconsin (WTMJ); Bluefield/Beckley/Oak Hill, West Virginia (WVVA); West Palm Beach, Florida (WPTV); Greenville/Spartanburg/Asheville (WYFF); Winston/Salem (WXII); Tucson, Arizona (KVOA); Roanoke, Virginia (WSLS); Rochester, New York (WHEC); Birmingham/Anniston/Tuscaloosa, Alabama (WVTM); Lancaster/Harrisburg/Lebanon/York, Pennsylvania (WGAL); Burlington, VT/Plattsburgh, NY (WPTZ); Albany/Schenectady/Troy, New York (WNYT); Lexington, Kentucky (WLEX); Huntington/Charleston, West Virginia (WSAZ); Omaha, Nebraska (WOWT); Madison, Wisconsin (WMTV); Colorado Springs/Pueblo, Colorado (KOAA); Greenville/New Bern/Washington, NC (WITN).
You can sign up for a free 7-day trial of FuboTV right here.
All in all, that's 68 markets that now get live NBC via FuboTV, which is far more than any of the other live-TV streaming services.
In addition to the growing list of local markets, FuboTV's main channel package, which costs $19.99 per month for the first two months and $39.99 per month after that, has 70-plus channels, 30 hours of cloud DVR and a feature called 72-Hour Lookback, which allows you to “replay nearly any game, show or movie that aired in the last 3 days” if you forgot to DVR it.
With the Super Bowl and Winter Olympics both on the horizon, all of these factors arguably make FuboTV the most attractive streaming service, especially if you don't live in one of the biggest eight or 10 markets.
Voters will decide if a bond issue will fund a new Performing Arts Center with higher property taxes; before that, another election will determine if a school sales tax will continue.
This week the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments about a case from Wisconsin regarding the constitutionality of political gerrymandering.
The court appears to be split and all eyes are on Justice Anthony Kennedy as the probable deciding vote. The ruling will likely have implications for maps in other states including North Carolina. Meanwhile an effort is picking up steam in Congress to regulate “bump stocks” after the mass shooting this week in Las Vegas. A bump stock is a device that helps semiautomatic guns fire like fully-automatic weapons.
Host Frank Stasio talks with Political Junkie Ken Rudin about the impact of the Supreme Court's ruling on political gerrymandering and how much traction gun control has in Congress after the mass shooting in Las Vegas.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Normally-quiet roads near Cold Creek were filled with US Forest Service cars and horse trailers on Thursday.
Normally-quiet roads near Cold Creek were filled with US Forest Service cars and horse trailers on Thursday. Crews prepared to gather dozens of the horses and relocate them from the area, which is in the Spring Mountains and north of Mount Charleston.
A Forest Service spokesperson said the roundup is needed, because there isn't enough food to support the 200 horses that live in that stretch of the mountains.
“We've been monitoring this herd for a while, and their condition has been deteriorating," Naaman Horn said. "They're getting in pretty poor health, and we've been in drought for several years, and there's just no food for them to forage on right now.”
But people who live in the small community of Cold Creek weren't behind the roundup and planned to protest the crews tasked with gathering the horses.
“It's just a shame. The horses have been here a long time, and they should be allowed to remain,” Greg Clark said. Clark has lived in Cold Creek for six years, and said part of the reason why they moved to the town was for the wild horse population.
This isn't the first time this area has been the target of a roundup. In 2015, the Bureau of Land Management gathered horses in a nearby area. Clark said before that roundup, they would see a horse every day. They said that isn't the case anymore.
“Down here, there's ten horses maybe,” Clark said, gesturing at an area near the town.
Clark said they think the US Forest Service is wrong, and the horses have plenty to eat in the area. They said they and other locals also worried that moving the wild horses, which entails luring them into pens with hay, capturing them inside the pens, then loading them up into a horse trailer, will be too traumatic, especially for foals.
But the US Forest Service said those claims a false.
“We fear that some may pass away if they stay here,” Horn said.
Rixey Jenkins, a nutrition expert for the US Forest Service explained that much of the green seen in this area are shrubs, weeds, yucca plants and joshua trees; all things that don't provide the needed nutrition for horses to survive. They said horses need to eat grass, and eat almost constantly, but much of the grass near Cold Creek is gone.
Still, locals said they plan to put up a fight to keep the horses.
“I've got a call into a attorney," Clark said. "I would like to file in injunction to prevent them from going further.”
“Everyone is passionate about these horses and they want to see the best for them," Horn said. "We don't always agree on what the best is, but we care the horses very much as well.”
Horn said after the horses are gathered, the crews will take them to a temporary holding site, and a veterinarian will check out the animals. From there, the wild horses would go to a BLM holding facility in California, where they can be adopted, transferred to a "short-term corral" or a taken to a "long-term pasture."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - South American Gold Corp ( OTC PINK : SAGD) is announcing that it has taken control of cNation, a cannabis focused social outlet.
cNation Channel (www.cNation.com) is a social media outlet focused on delivering accurate news and timely information to those interested in cannabis issues. The core audience of the cNation Channel is the open-minded individual who isn't necessarily familiar with the overall direction and developments of the cannabis culture. cNation has been spreading cannabis related information and news through the Internet since 2014.
The decision to come to an agreement to merge cNation into SAGD comes from the results of cNation's ability to expose SAGD products to the cannabis community. SAGD and cNation have been in a working relationship over the past 30 days focused on informing the cannabis public about SAGD's upcoming PotCircles social media network. Through this relationship cNation has been successful in generating public interest in SAGD's products. As an example of cNation's outreach, just one ad by cNation regarding WeedFeed.live generated 28,499 public views creating 1,531 direct links clicks to WeedFeed.live. cNation's use of its Facebook outlet helped create the direct link from Facebook to WeedFeed.live of 2,626 unique visitors. WeedFeed.live has received over 13,200 hits since the announcement of its launch on the 12th of April. SAGD believes, as this interest continues, WeedFeed.live can continue to increase its response in its first 30 days, creating a well-qualified basis for its advertising media package.
"The philosophy of the cNation channel is to create a network of information that speaks directly to people looking for interesting ideas and unique ways to participate in the growing cannabis industry," said Julie Peterson of cNation.
SAGD President, David Reeves, stated, "cNation has been a vital part in the successful exposure of SAGD's products to the public. With the combination of cNation's outreach and SAGD's social division, we can grow the public interest in both cNation and SAGD's other social products. As we grow in the marketplace we look to grow cNation as a standalone web based video channel product dedicated to the cannabis industry."
cNation Channel shall immediately be rebranded dropping "Channel" and becoming just "cNation".
SAGD's use of social networks and cNation's exposure of SAGD's products have generated over 225,000 impressions, a thousand plus likes, and increased the database of reserved and locked usernames for PotCircles. PotCircles' free t-shirt giveaway, which ran from Friday the 14th through Sunday the 16th, resulted in 25,679 impressions. The recent Facebook campaigns run by cNation for SAGD products have reached 65,885 people on Facebook.
SAGD President, David Reeves, added, "We are working diligently on the Beta product of PotCircles and look forward to submitting it to Google Play and the App Store in the near future."
In recent news:
SAGD announced the launch of the stage 1 format of WeedFeed.live, an online site which provides up to date news on cannabis and marijuana laws, business activities, and research. The site also tracks the exposure of hashtags for cannabis and marijuana, posts fun videos, and provides links to get involved in the marijuana legalization movement.
SAGD announced the formation of its subsidiary "Arkansas Medical Cannabis, Inc.", a company designed to apply for a cultivation license in the state of Arkansas.
About SAGD: South American Gold Corp is a publicly traded company on the OTC under the symbol SAGD, focused on the cannabis industry and lifestyle.
Disclaimer: This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of South American Gold Corp. management and reflect South American Gold Corp.'s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words "estimate," "project," "looks," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "expect," "plan," "predict," "may," "should," "will," "can," the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of South America Gold Corp. with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of mining properties, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, South American Gold Corp. and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release may incorporate by reference the Company's reports and other filings. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance South American Gold Corp. will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company's due diligence on the potential projects and/or acquisitions will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Investors should consult their financial advisor before making an investment in a company.
LEBANON, Ohio (AP) — A man convicted of shooting and injuring their father and a southwest Ohio sheriff's deputy has been sentenced to 36 years in prison.
A jury handed down the sentence to 20-year-old Mohammad Abdou Laghaoui Wednesday.
Laghaoui was convicted of various charges connected to the June 2016 shooting including attempted murder, felonious assault and domestic violence.
RELATED: Suspected Warren County shooter booked, charged
Authorities say Warren County Deputy Katie Barnes was shot while responding to a domestic disturbance at an apartment complex.
Investigators say Laghaoui fired several rounds from an AK-47-style rifle, striking Barnes in the abdomen and their father in the hand.
Laghaoui fled after the shooting, leading to a seven-hour manhunt.
The defense had argued Laghaoui was not fit to stand trial, saying they could not be found guilty by reason of insanity.
French President Emmanuel Macron wished Vladimir Putin success in "modernising Russia" after their victory in the country's presidential election. In a phone conversation, Macron also called on the Russian leader to help explain the nerve agent attack on a former spy in the UK.
In a carefully worded statement, the president's office wished "Russia and the Russian people ... success in the political, democratic, economic and social modernisation of the country" following Putin's landslide win in Sunday's vote.
But, while calling for "a constructive dialogue between Russia, France and Europe", Macron took a tough line on the poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal, and their daughter, Yulia.
"The president called on Russian authorities to shed light on the responsibilities for the unacceptable attack in Salisbury and to firmly regain control of any programmes that have not been declared to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons," the statement said.
"He informed the Russian president of measures taken to ensure the security of our citizens," it added, without going into details.
Macron also expressed "great concern" over the situation in Afrin, which was captured from Kurdish militias by Turkish-led fighters Sunday, and in Eastern Ghouta, which has been systematically bombarded by the forces of Russian ally Bashar al-Assad.
National Front hails "stability"
The far-right National Front (FN) was more upbeat in its response to Putin's reelection.
"This great electoral success confirms the stability and democratic consolidation of Russia," a party statement said. "It is evidence of the wishes of the Russian people to continue on the road of reform started by President Putin, which have notably led to the return of this major power to the international stage in recent years."
The FN called on the EU to revise its policy in relation to Russia and drop its "absurd and counterproductive police of blackmail, threats and sanctions".
FN leader Marine Le Pen visited Putin in March 2017 and the party received a loan from a Russian bank in 2014.
Le Pen's partner, Louis Aliot, who is a French MP, was in Moscow on Sunday, invited to observe the election by the Russian authorities.
See highlights of 23 games in The Zone on WISH-TV from Friday, October 6 with Anthony Calhoun, Meghan McKeown and Charlie Clifford. WISH-TV has the most highlights from the most games in Indiana!
Looking for scores? Check out The Zone Scoreboard.
Also, watch as the Triton Central High School Band performs live in the WISH-TV studio.
See highlights of individual games by clicking on the matchups below!
Ben Davis vs. Lawrence Central
Warren Central vs. Carmel
Brownsburg vs. Noblesville
Avon vs. Zionsville
Fishers vs. Westfield
Brebeuf vs. Hamilton Southeastern
Western Boone vs. Danville
Cardinal Ritter vs. Scecina
Bloomington South vs. Columbus North
Roncalli vs. Decatur Central
North Central vs. Pike
Terre Haute South vs. Franklin Central
Terre Haute North vs. Perry Meridian
Lawrence North vs. Center Grove
McCutcheon vs. Muncie Central
Marion vs. Tech
Bishop Chatard vs. Covington Catholic (KY)
ELLSWORTH — The Ellsworth and Mount Desert Island boys and girls each posted top-half finishes at this weekend's Class B North swim championships.
The boys' tournament was held Saturday at the University of Maine in Orono. Ellsworth finished second behind Old Town and got two wins each from Sam Alvarado and Camden Holmes. MDI finished fourth.
Alvarado, a senior, has been what Ellsworth coach James Goodman has referred to as “a driving force” behind the Eagles' success in recent years. An accomplished distance swimmer, Alvarado is ranked as Maine's No. 1 swimmer in the 200- and 500-yard freestyles.
“From my military background, I would call them ‘a quiet warrior,'” Goodman said. “He leads from the front but stays in the shadows to give others the glory.”
At Husson University, MDI finished second behind Bangor on the girls' side. A team consisting of Ceileigh Weaver, Ruby Brown, Maddie Woodworth and Lydia DaCorte won the 200-yard freestyle for the Trojans. For Ellsworth, Ellie Clarke broke their record in the 100-yard backstroke once again by finishing in 1 minute, 1.92 seconds. The Eagles finished sixth.
Both teams have swimmers qualified for the upcoming state championships. The boys' meet will be held Saturday, Feb. 18, and the girls' meet will be held Monday, Feb. 20. Both events will be held at UMaine.
Had hurricanes Harvey and Irma not hit, September would likely have produced a jobs gain of around 190,000, experts said Friday after a dismal employment report that saw figures dip into negative territory for the first time in seven years.
The 33,000 jobs lost in September — in contrast to a gain of 90,000 expected by economists — are the direct result of Hurricane Harvey sweeping through the heart of Texas's Gulf Coast oil industry and flooding Houston, and Hurricane Irma barreling north through Florida on a hard-to-predict course that prompted large-scale evacuations.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US lost 33,000 jobs in September: jobs report 1:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Department of Labor says more than 11 million workers live in the affected areas, representing nearly 8 percent of the country's jobs. Restaurants, which had been adding an average of 24,000 jobs per month, lost 105,000 in September.
“We knew that the hurricanes were going to affect nonfarm payrolls to a certain extent,” said Dan North, chief economist at Euler Hermes North America. “We'll expect to see a bump back for the next couple of months,” they predicted, a function of people going back to work in affected areas, an expected increase in demand in some fields like construction and later revisions by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of its data.
Related: Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Wiped Out 33,000 Jobs Last Month
This month's revision of July and August employment numbers trimmed the total number of jobs gained by 38,000 over the two months, with an upward revision in August unable to cancel out a larger downward revision for July.
Even a surprisingly high wage growth figure could have been affected by the storms, labor market experts said.
“To see average hourly earnings up 2.9 percent certainly is welcome news indeed,” said Mark Hamrick, Bankrate.com's senior economic analyst, but they added that the storms might be responsible for distorting the data.
“We want to be cautious to make sure this is sustained,” they said, given the high number of low-wage restaurant jobs that were shed last month. “That could've had the temporary impact of skewing pay higher because lower-paid jobs weren't present.”
Some Sectors Still Saw Gains
Other figures in the monthly report paint a more consistently positive picture. Economists say some of the disconnect stems from the fact that the Department of Labor's monthly snapshot on jobs is gathered from two different surveys, with different methodologies and timelines for collecting data.
Sectors including health care and transportation actually saw job gains for the month. The overall unemployment rate fell from 4.4 percent to 4.2 percent, the labor force participation rate ticked up from 62.9 percent to 63.1 percent, and the employment-population ratio hit a post-recession high of 60.4 percent.
“It looks like something about the tighter labor market is finally luring them back in,” said Harry Holzer, a professor of public policy at Georgetown University. “Whether it is the high chance of finding something, or the wages … it's hard to know from these data alone.”
“I'm on Main Street and I see the work that our clients are doing — they're all still hiring,” said Tom Gimbel, founder and CEO of the staffing and recruiting firm LaSalle Network. “My open job orders with clients is up in October and was up in September."
LinkedIn chief economist Guy Berger suggested that the improvements in labor force participation could be coming at the expense of more rapidly accelerating wages. “We're discovering there still is this pool of people willing to work and keeping wage pressure down,” they said. “Job growth is moderate, but it's fast enough the soak up the shadow supply of workers,” they said, although they added it might be another year or more before this impact trickles down to workers' paychecks.
Data on private payroll job growth from ADP and Moody's Analytics also supplied mixed messages. Although it showed a steep drop from the previous month, the 135,000 jobs added exceeded economists' expectations.
“This month is difficult to judge because of the area impacted,” said Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and head of the ADP Research Institute. Had Harvey and Irma simply not occurred, they estimated that September would have produced a gain of around 190,000. “The storm impact may have cut 50,000 to 60,000 jobs,” they said.
Strengthening Labor Market
Taken together, experts say the overall picture is of an economy much the same as it was pre-Harvey and Irma. “I think the report overall just confirms that the underlying trends in the U.S. economy remain intact,” Hamrick said.
“They suggest a lot of the trends we've been seeing for some time, which is the labor market recovery continues to broaden more, people are finding an incentive to come back into the labor force,” said Sameer Samana, a global quantitative and technical strategist for the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increased labor force participation rate in particular, they said, was a particularly good sign. “That's a huge positive in terms of labor market strength.”
× Community setting up funds to support families of fallen deputies
PRAIRIE VILLAGE, Kan. – Price Chopper will be collecting donations to help support the families of Deputy Patrick Rohrer and Deputy Theresa King who died Friday after an inmate opened fire on them.
All Kansas City area Price Choppers will be able to accept donations by noon on Saturday, June 16.
“We're saddened to hear the tragic news out of Kansas City today. Our law enforcement officers do so much in our communities,” said Casie Broker, Vice President of Marketing, Price Chopper.
“It's our honor to collect donations to support Deputy Rohrer's and Deputy King's families following their loss.”
Donations will be collected now through next Sunday, June 24.
Go Fund Me
A gofundme account has been setup for Deputy Rohrer. The proceeds from the memorial fund will be donated to the family through the Wyandotte County Sherriff's Office. One of the deputy's high school classmates started the fund. It is seeking at least $10,000.
A candlelight vigil will be held for both deputies at the city hall on Sunday, June 17 at 8:00p.m.
Reaches $80 Million Revenue Mark, Achieves Growth Recognition as Global Enterprises Adopt Cloud Planning Solutions
PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Adaptive Insights, the only pure-play cloud vendor to be named a leader in strategic corporate performance management (CPM), today announced record achievements from 2016, capping a year of corporate, partner, and customer milestones for the company and the broader cloud CPM industry. Reaching the $80 million revenue threshold in 2016, Adaptive Insights continued its strong performance in the growing cloud CPM market. Also in 2016, Adaptive Insights was the only cloud-only vendor named a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Strategic Corporate Performance Management Solutions report*.
"Our growth and expansion over the past year is a testament to the value our customers realize after adopting an active planning approach for their businesses," said Tom Bogan, CEO of Adaptive Insights. "As more and more organizations move their infrastructure to the cloud, we are seeing a significant demand for cloud planning solutions that are simultaneously easy to use, powerful, and fast. Today, we have thousands of customers using the Adaptive Suite to engage in a truly collaborative planning process, and we are committed to ensuring that our products and services continue to meet these growing demands as our company continues to scale."
Key to the company's strong performance in 2016 were new customers, ranging from midsize and nonprofit organizations to Fortune 500 organizations. Notable additions to the company's global customer list in 2016 include Arizona Diamondbacks, Delta Plastics of the South, LLC., Hulu, Inc., National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, NDC Inc., NetMotion Software, New York Mets, Oakland Raiders, and Powdr Corporation.
"We selected Adaptive Insights because it is fast and powerful, and we successfully implemented Adaptive Insights across our finance team and business partners because it is so intuitive and easy to use," said Brad MacDonald, senior director of finance, T2 Biosystems. "Our ability to rapidly adjust complex models and make changes to our plans and forecasts in real-time provides a significant competitive advantage for our company. Our finance team is tasked with greater corporate management responsibility and, with Adaptive Insights, we are able to meet these new challenges head on."
Additional 2016 Highlights
In addition to strong customer growth, Adaptive Insights achieved significant milestones and accolades in 2016, including:
Expanding Partner Network
The company continues to expand its global partner network, which now boasts five of the top 10 firms on the Inside Public IPA 100 list of top US accounting firms and 22 of Accounting Today's 2016 VAR 100 list. New partners such as Moss Adams, Grant Thornton LLP, and Clifton Larson Allen, join over 200 partners including Armanino, CohnReznick, Deloitte, Intacct, Miagen, NetSuite, PowerHealth Solutions, and others.
Industry Recognition
The company's significant achievements over 2016 recognize both the company's leadership and pioneering role in the cloud CPM arena. Notable achievements include:
Adaptive Insights was the only pure-play cloud vendor to be named a Leader in the Gartner Strategic Corporate Performance Management Magic Quadrant*
Adaptive Insights was named a leader in the Forrester Wave™ Enterprise Performance Management Q4 2016**
Adaptive Insights was named to the Deloitte Fast 500 Technology list for the sixth consecutive year -- one of only three companies to earn this distinction
Adaptive Insights was named to the first-ever Forbes 2016 World's Best 100 Cloud Companies list
Expanded Executive Leadership Team, Board
Over the past year, Adaptive Insights' executive leadership team scaled along with the company, completing an expansion plan announced in early 2016. Key hires added throughout 2016 include Jim Johnson, chief financial officer; Bhaskar Himatsingka, chief product officer; Michael Schmitt, chief marketing officer; and Fred Gewant, chief revenue officer, all reporting to Bogan. Additionally, the company appointed Mark Templeton, former Citrix CEO, to its board of directors to provide additional expertise with high-growth, large-scale business models.
About Adaptive Insights
Adaptive Insights is the recognized leader in cloud corporate performance management (CPM). The company's Adaptive Suite enables organizations to collaboratively plan and model, easily access real-time analytics, streamline complex reporting, and accelerate financial consolidation. With this best-practice active planning process, Adaptive Insights helps more than 3,000 global customers drive business success using its cloud-based platform.
Customers ranging from midsize companies and nonprofits to large enterprises benefit from the company's powerful, fast, and easy platform. Adaptive Insights is a privately held company with headquarters in Palo Alto, CA. To learn more, visit adaptiveinsights.com.
*"Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Strategic Corporate Performance Management Solutions," by Christopher Iervolino and John E. Van Decker, May 31, 2016.
**"The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Performance Management, Q4 2016" by Paul D. Hamerman with Christopher Andrews, Joseph Miller, October 6, 2016.
Shania Twain joins the panel of judges for tonight's episode of Dancing With the Stars and as the episode airs live, we will update readers with the results of the evening's performances, along with the elimination.
Tonight, there are 9 couples left in the mix and the theme of this evening's dances are “A Night at the Movies”. The rundown of the routines that will be carried out tonight include:
Drew Scott and Emma Slater – Paso Doblé – “Legend” by The Score
Frankie Muniz and Witney Carson – Jazz – “Holly Rock” by Sheila E.
Jordan Fisher and Lindsay Arnold – Rumba – “Supermarket Flowers” by Ed Sheeran
Lindsey Stirling and Mark Ballas – Argentine Tango – “Human” by Sevdaliza
Nick Lachey and Peta Murgatroyd – Samba – “Wild Wild West” by Dru Hill, Will Smith & Kool Mo Dee
Nikki Bella and Artem Chigvintsev – Argentine Tango – “Dernière Danse” by Indila
Terrell Owens and Cheryl Burke – Jive – “Feel It Still” by Portugal. The Man
Vanessa Lachey and Maks Chmerkovskiy – Quickstep – “Let's Be Bad” from “Smash”
Victoria Arlen and Val Chmerkovskiy – Paso Doblé – “We Will Rock You” by Queen
Now let's get down to the results. The bottom three contestants were Victoria Arlen, Nick Lachey and Terrell Owens tonight. Arlen was the first of the three to be announced as safe before the cast-off was revealed. And the couple going home tonight was Nick Lachey and Peta Murgatroyd.
Nikki Bella and Artem Chigvintsev were the first couple to perform tonight and they were tasked with an Argentine Tango. Though their sensual performance was well-executed, they did suffer a couple fumbles on the dance floor when pro Chigvintsev lost their balance. Judge Len Goodman said they loved the routine and the other judges felt the same. For their scores tonight, they received four 9's, totaling 36. And, with reveal of their scores, host Tom Bergeron let Bella know that they are safe from elimination tonight.
More results were then delivered after a commercial break, with the first couple in jeopardy being announced. Nick Lachey and Peta Murgatroyd were the first couple revealed to be in the bottom of the votes, followed by Terrell Owens and Cheryl Burke. Victoria Arlen and Val Chmerkovskiy were also revealed to be in jeopardy.
Following these results, contestant Drew Scott and pro Emma Slater performed an action-themed routine. While there were mixed reviews on the duo's performance, the couple was able to pull off a 30 out of 40, thanks to guest judge Shania Twain, who gave the pair a “9”.
Nick Lachey was up next and last week they were at the bottom of the leader board. Lachey voiced that they were sad and frustrated with their progress on the show, though he's been working very hard. For their routine, Lachey and pro Peta Murgatroyd delivered a western-themed, upbeat dance and Lachey's wife, fellow contestant Vanessa, appeared to love it. Judge Bruno Tonioli said the line dancing in the routine was wonderful, but some of the Samba parts were not as easy on the eyes. Goodman even complimented Lachey with their solo movements, noting that Lachey does stiffen up a bit at times. Ultimately, the pair ended up with a 26 out of 40.
Up next was Victoria Arlen and Val Chmerkovskiy, who incorporated hockey in their performance. And, for their leader board scores, they received a score of 31 out of 40. And, for Terrell Owens' performance, they and pro dancer Cheryl Burke incorporated a spy theme. Fortunately, their performance won over the judges and they got a 37 out of 40 for their scores.
After guest judge Shania Twain took the stage to perform their song “Soldier,” contestant Frankie Muniz geared up for an animated jazz dance. Twain said they loved Muniz's liberated dance, noting their fancy footwork. Bruno Tonioli called the routine a psychedelic treat, besides momentarily losing timing. Judge Carrie Ann Inaba also recognized the errors in the routine. Even so, the judges all agreed that the dance was full of spirit and great energy. For their grand total score, they received a 31 out of 40.
Soon, more couples were revealed as safe in the competition and Vanessa Lachey geared up to dance with pro partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy. The judges gushed over the 40's musical routine, which was full of enthusiasm and movement. In the middle of the dance, Lachey actually had a major wardrobe malfunction, with their skirt falling completely off, but they carried on with the routine like a pro. Judge Len Goodman was the only person on the panel with major critiques, but despite their comments, Vanessa Lachey earned a score of 36.
Next was Jordan Fisher, with a romantic performance opposite pro dancer Lindsay Arnold. All of the judges loved the dance, though Len Goodman had issues with some of Fisher's movements. And, again, though Goodman had some critiques, the contestant ended up with a great score. In fact, Fisher received a perfect score of 40 out of 40 for the night.
And, for tonight's final performance, violinist Lindsey Stirling and Mark Ballas delivered as always, with a genre of sci-fi for the Argentine Tango. Their routine was unique and the judges called it superb. Judge Bruno Tonioli called it the best dance of the season. Stirling and Ballas ended up with a perfect score, the same as Jordan Fisher, with a 40 out of 40.
Ajay Devgn is currently on a signing spree. While all eyes are set towards their upcoming release Baadshaho, the actor has already signed a new film.
Want to know more details about this film? Scroll down to read more...
Ajay Devgn Signs A New Film Filmaker Raj Kumar Gupta of 'No One Killed Jessica' fame has roped in Ajay Devgn for their next film titled Raid. Ajay's Role In The Movie Set in the 1980s, Raid will have Ajay playing an Income Tax Officer based in Uttar Pradesh. More Details While talking about this flick, Gupta was quoted as saying to a leading daily, "Raid is a story that needs to be told on the big screen, and I'm looking forward to working with Ajay on a subject like this." The film will hit the shooting floors in September. Baadshaho Talking about Baadshaho, the makers recently released the trailer of this film which is set against the backdrop of 1975 emergency period. The action thriller also stars Emraan Hashmi, Ileana D'Cruz, Esha Gupta, Vidyut Jammwal and Sanjai Mishra. Golmaal Again Ajay also has Rohit Shetty's Golmaal Again hitting the theatrical screens this Diwali. Ajay Devgn says, love doing STUNTS with Vidhyut Jammval; Watch Video | FilmiBeat Tanaaji- The Unsung Warrior Meanwhile, Ajay Devgn is all set to play the legendary Tanaji Malusare in Om Raut's Tanaji- The Unsung Warrior.
Coming back to Raid, the film will be produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar, Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak and is slated to release on 20th April 2018.
Two men charged in February after videos surfaced of them harassing alligators and endangered Florida panther kittens in the Big Cypress National Preserve now face federal charges.
The state charged Alfredo Lopez de Queralta, 45, and Javier Lopes, 42, with eight felonies counts each of killing, injuring or possessing alligator eggs without authorization on Feb. 22. The United States Attorney's Office charged the men earlier this month with knowingly taking a Florida panther.
They were released on their own recognizance May 21.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Torres and Queralta were originally arrested after a joint investigation by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Parks Service that was prompted after Youtube videos showed up showing Torres bothering gators and holding panther kittens. Queralta filmed the videos, according to FWC Investigator Guy Gilbert's report.
The video that sparked the probe was titled, "Pantera de la Florida con dos Cachorros," or "Florida Panther with two Cubs."
The video, according to Gilbert's report, shows Torres walking through a wooded area located on the mainland Monroe County portion of the Big Cypress National Preserve, crawling into what turns out to be a panther den and scaring off an adult cat. The cameraman, Queralta, whispers, "Pantera."
Torres emerges with two kittens "kissing and cuddling them," Gilbert wrote in their report.
"He poses with the two kittens again before tossing them back into the den," according to Gilbert's affidavit.
The video then cuts to Torres lying on the ground crying.
"He stands up and explained that they were emotional because they had spent so much time trying to find a panther den, and it was a lot of work and took time away from their family," Gilbert wrote.
Other videos show Torres harassing alligators. In one, they wade into a swamp to capture an alligator, then holds the animal's mouth open while they put their head inside the mouth, according to the FWC report.
Other videos show gators trying to get away from Torres as they pull their tails. Some videos show Torres repeatedly smacking gators in the head.
Queralta and Torres, who could not be reached for comment, are scheduled to appear in court on the state charges July 10.
PARIS (Reuters) – France's National Assembly on Wednesday approved a draft bill that would raise regulated minimum food prices and put curbs on supermarket promotions, legislation designed to increase farmers' income, improve food quality and fight waste.
The field-to-fork review was a campaign promise of President Emmanuel Macron to farmers who complain they bear the brunt of price wars between retailers.
The text, approved in the lower house after 77 hours of hard-fought debate, now goes to the Senate.
Here is a summary of the main measures adopted and some key amendments that were rejected.
ADVERTISEMENT
APPROVED
* The government will be allowed to raise by decree the threshold below which retailers cannot sell food products by 10 percent. The increase in the Resale Below Cost threshold caters for the inclusion of additional costs such as retailer logistics and staff.
* The bill also empowers the government to curb promotional offers. Retailers will not be allowed to discount products by more than 34 percent of their value and sell more than 25 percent of a product's volume in a promotional offer.
This is to tackle aggressive price competition such as two-for-one discounts. Analysts say this could accelerate food inflation, potentially benefiting retailers' profit margins in the short-term.
The agriculture minister says farmers would see a “rebalancing” in margins further down the chain.
* From 2022, fifty percent of food products sold in canteens must be either organic or come from food chain meeting specific quality criteria.
* The government will also implement measures to reverse the process of determining prices by taking farmers' production costs as the starting point.
ADVERTISEMENT
* Lawmakers adopted an amendment making “doggy bags”, which allow restaurant-goers to leave with their leftovers, mandatory in from July 2021 in a bid to fight food waste.
REJECTED
* Glyphosate ban – A lawmaker close to Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot sought the inclusion of Macron's promise in 2017 to ban weed-killerglyphosate “at the latest within three years”.
Farmers lobbied hard against the Glyphosate amendment, arguing three years was too soon to find an economic and environmentally viable alternative, and it was opposed robustly by Agriculture Minister Stephane Travert.
The exclusion is a political blow for Hulot, a former Green activist. Glyphosate was developed by Monsanto under the brand Roundup. A U.N. health agency said it caused cancer — an allegation denied by Monsanto and dismissed by some studies.
Macron said in January they would never impose the ban if there was no credible alternative. Prime Minister Edouard Philippe on Wednesday said the three-year promise would be kept.
* Mandatory vegetarian menus in canteens.
* Mandatory video monitoring in slaughterhouses
Traffickers are using the dark web to smuggle extremely lethal chemicals into San Diego from China through online orders and then to Mexico, confirmed the U.S. Attorney's office.
In one case, a former U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officer went to a box office in San Ysidro to pick up a chemical component of these intensely fatal drugs, and was arrested soon after, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
The primary ingredient for the intensely deadly drug fentanyl is being transported into Mexico this way, in order to make an extremely potent opiate that can kill someone with a single flake smaller than a grain of salt, the U.S. Attorney's office said.
They are prosecuting their first local case involving 4ANPP, the primary chemical ingredient used to manufacture the deadly drug fentanyl.
Cartels are mixing fentanyl, which is more profitable than heroin, with illegal street pills, or they're trying to pass it off as heroin, which is more expensive to harvest.
An escalating number of deaths are prompting federal and local law enforcement agencies to issue urgent warnings about the substances.
Deaths have nearly doubled from last year because of fentanyl overdoses in what authorities are calling an alarming epidemic.
The message they have for the public is if you are buying illegal pills on the street or on the web: Beware.
“You are gambling with your life,” said Acting U.S. Attorney Alana W. Robinson. “With every pill, you are making a life-changing decision because if you end up with a tainted dose, you're done.”
In documents released to the public and NBC 7 for the first time Friday, the U.S. Attorney's office details how the former CBP officer received 4ANPP, the manufacturing chemical for fentanyl, in the mail at a post office in San Ysidro.
The complaint states the former CBP officer was caught trying to take the illicit substance into Mexico. That's where cartels mix it to make deadly fentanyl that they sell as heroin or fake Oxy pills.
But how are the drugs getting into the country through the U.S. postal system? Since the drugs are extremely potent, very small amounts can be turned into huge profits, mailed in small packages.
A former Homeland Security and counterterrorism agent told NBC 7 there's a big loophole in the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.
It allows smaller packages to come into the U.S. from China and Russia with no pre-screening or database tracking.
“So, the market finds the loopholes,” said Juliette Kayyem, a national security expert. “And given the size of the market and the demand, the supply is finding those loopholes.”
The gap in security alarms authorities not just because of the opioid crisis, but also for our national security.
“People like me, who are very focused on America's vulnerabilities are very concerned about this persistent loophole,” said Kayyem. “There's nothing in place that would be able to determine what is coming into the country from China and Russia in small packages.”
A U.S. Postal Service Assistant Inspector said their office is seizing more and more of the drug.
“In our efforts to remove those parcels from the mail stream, just in FY2016 alone, our percentage number of seizures is up 360 percent (from last year) with us removing those toxic parcels from our mail stream,” said Tosha Dennis.
Acting U.S. Attorney Robinson made an urgent and intense warning about fentanyl.
They said the potency of the chemical is strong enough to kill someone with a minuscule fragment. Sometimes, the drugs are mailed directly to customers via the dark web from China.
The DEA is also warning parents about a deadly form of the drug that comes as nasal spray and is marketed to children, in the following statement:
“Users can get into their computer and much like shopping on Amazon, order these drugs from China and they're delivered directly to their mail from the U.S. mail or other delivery services."
Now officials are concerned about a new killer: carfentanyl.
It's a new synthetic opioid 10,000 times more potent than morphine.
“It's usually used as a powerful sedative for massive animals like elephants,” Robinson said.
Robinson was joined Friday by many federal and local law enforcement agencies, including the DEA, SDPD and the DA's office.
District Attorney Summer Stephan talked about the situation in the Coroner's office.
“There is literally body after body,” Stephan said. “The highest number of bodies are in opiate overdoses from pain killers and from heroin and now, even more alarming in the synthetic form of heroin in the form of fentanyl and carfentanyl.”
The biggest concerns to the public right now are the counterfeit pills sold on the street being sold as Xanax or Oxy, but laced with these other substances.
Robinson recounted a story of a local man found dead with what looked like an Oxy pill, but really had 20 different chemicals in it, including a lethal dose of fentanyl.
Federal agents have seized over 20,000 fake oxycodone pills this year in San Diego and Imperial counties. Those pills were also laced with lethal doses of fentanyl, Robinson said.
Stephan said their office is going to start charging overdoses as homicides.
“We don't want anyone out there to claim ignorance because they don't undersand,” Stephan said. “Because we're telling you right here and right now.”
One person has died and a second person was injured in a northwest Las Vegas shooting on Saturday afternoon.
Las Vegas Metro police officers responded to a shooting at the 4000 block of Overbook Drive near Rainbow Boulevard and Alexander Road at about 3 p.m.
Arriving officers found two men suffering from multiple gunshot wounds when they arrived at the scene. They were taken to University Medical Center where one man was pronounced dead and the other remains in critical condition.
Citing the investigation, police said the two victims were outside of a home and met up with an unidentified black man wearing a gray hoodie. During the incident, the suspect shot both victims with a handgun and left on foot.
Detectives believe the shooting is drug-related.
Anyone with information on the shooting is urged to contact Metro's Homicide Section at 702-828-3521. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Stay with FOX5 for updates on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
VANCOUVER — The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated today as the corporate-unsanctioned franchisee association filed a lawsuit alleging Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives of subverting their right to associate.
A lawsuit filed on behalf of two franchisees who belong to The Great White North Franchisee Association claims the defendants sought "to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate."
The statement of claim alleges this happened in a number of ways, including commencing legal action late last month against a group of GWNFA board members that RBI alleges provided confidential information that was then leaked to a Canadian newspaper. The GWNFA denies this claim.
It alleges the defendants denied future store opportunities to franchisees because they are "not aligned" with Tim Hortons's interest and set aside a $2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future.
None of the claims have been proven in court. Neither RBI nor Tim Hortons immediately responded to a request for comment.
Franchisees formed the GWNFA, which incorporated in March, to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand.
The Canadian Press
This is a fall over Article from Valentine and blah blah blah…So funny and the last line got me laughing so hard…Hehehehhehehe “Happy Valentine's day, my friend”“You don't wish someone Happy Valentine's day with ordinary mouth, my friend” “Are you a woman? The gifts are for women, not male friends.”“You see, yourself? You are a bush man just like one of my friends who got a
Hate Crimes Up In Yorkshire After Brexit Vote
West Yorkshire, Humberside and North Yorkshire Police have all seen a rise in reported hate crimes following the EU referendum.
1,013 cases were reported to West Yorkshire Police in the three months following the country's vote to Leave the EU in June.
That's the 3rd highest amount in the country and an increase of 46% compared to the three months before.
North Yorkshire Police dealt with 64 cases of hate crime in the same time period, up 68%.
Humberside Police recieved 140 reports, an increase of 57%.
They are the highest figures of hate crime ever reported by those forces.
33 out of 44 forces in England and Wales recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012.
Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months before the referendum - including South Yorkshire Police. They had a drop of 1%.
Mike Ainsworth's from Stop Hate UK - a charity based in Leeds.
They say they had 60% more calls to their helpline in the months after the Brexit vote:
Armando Serrano Jon Lowenstein for BuzzFeed News ID: 10902692
A man who served 23 years in prison for a murder they did not commit has filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against notorious retired Chicago Police detective Reynaldo Guevara, as well as the city of Chicago and a sitting Cook County Criminal Court judge.
Armando Serrano, 44, was released from prison last July and granted a certificate of innocence from the court in November. Their lawsuit, filed Monday in federal court in Chicago, seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages. It alleges that Judge Matthew Coghlan, then a prosecutor on their case, conspired with Guevara to “conceal and fabricate evidence, manipulate witness testimony, and maliciously prosecute” Serrano for the February 1993 shooting death of a factory worker.
The suit comes three days after another Guevara defendant, Roberto Almodovar, had their conviction tossed and was freed after serving nearly 23 years in prison. He, too, alleged that they had been framed for murder by Guevara — in their case for a 1994 double homicide. On Friday, following a BuzzFeed News investigation into Guevara that featured Almodovar's case, the Cook County State's Attorney dropped all charges against him. The story identified at least 51 people who have accused Guevara of framing them for murder and found that Chicago authorities had ample warnings about the long series of allegations about their conduct.
Serrano's lawsuit seeks to hold the wider Chicago criminal justice system responsible for Guevara's alleged practices. In addition to Coghlan, the prosecutor, it also names others who, the suit claims, should have provided a check on the detective. Among them: Guevara's longtime partner, Ernest Halvorsen, retired police sergeants Robert Biebel and Edward Mingey, as well as former prosecutor John Dillon. Instead of acting in the interests of justice, the suit claims, each of these defendants were complicit in Guevara's efforts to frame Serrano.
A spokesperson for the city of Chicago said the city does not comment on pending litigation and has not yet seen the lawsuit.
Guevara's attorney was in a meeting and not immediately available for comment, according to a woman who answered the phone at their law firm. Guevara has declined numerous requests for comment from BuzzFeed News. In 2009, their attorney told the Chicago Tribune that the allegations against them were part of a gang conspiracy. Since then, when asked about allegations of framing in legal proceedings, they have repeatedly asserted their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
A message left for Coghlan through the Cook County court communications office wasn't immediately returned. In February, BuzzFeed News approached Coghlan about the allegations. Citing judicial ethics, they declined to comment.
Dillon and Mingey did not immediately return voicemail messages at a number listed for them.
A man who answered the telephone at a number listed in public records for Biebel said it was the wrong number. BuzzFeed News was not able immediately to locate Halvorsen Monday. Messages left for them earlier this year at the address listed for them in public records elicited no response. BuzzFeed News also left a message for Dillon and Mingey at their homes last February and never heard from them.
Serrano's attorney, Jennifer Bonjean, also represents Almodovar, and several other Guevara defendants. They claim the system for protecting the accused is often broken.
“When people wonder why [Chicago] is the the wrongful conviction capital, it's not just the rogue officers,” they said. “It's their partners. It the prosecutors who rise to the bench. And then it's the judges and the judge's friends.” .
Serrano was arrested in June of 1993, along with two other men, Jose Montanez and Jorge Pacheco. Their arrests came four months after the shooting death of Rodrigo Vargas, who was sitting in their van on a cold February morning, warming it up before heading to their shift at a noodle factory.
The suit claims that Guevara and Halvorsen crafted a story in which a confidential informant claimed to have heard Serrano and their co-defendants arguing on a street corner about the committing the murder. After feeding the story to the informant, the suit claims, the officers then used the statement to arrest Serrano, Montanez and Pacheco. The suit alleges Coghlan and Dillon were present as the officers fed the informant the statement.
That confidential informant, later identified as Francisco Vicente, was facing nearly 100 years in prison for charges related to a string of armed robberies. Their statement implicating Serrano and their codefendants were being one of three they signed, in three separate murder cases, over the course of six weeks, according to the suit. Guevara and Halvorsen were the detectives on all of them.
“The prosecutors knew Vicente's testimony was false as they had assisted in fabricating it along with Detectives Guevara and Halvorsen who targeted Plaintiff and their co-defendants for wrongful conviction,” the suit alleges.
In exchange for Vicente's cooperation, the suit claims that Coghlan and Dillon promised to arrange for Vicente to serve minimal time and arranged for them to be incarcerated in the more comfortable witness quarters. Court records show Vicente received nine years, a minimal sentence, after prosecutors lobbied on their behalf.
Guevara's supervisors, meanwhile, “facilitated, condoned and approved the constitutional violations committed by the Police Officer Defendants,” according to the suit. Mingey, Guevara's supervisor, convinced another man, Timothy Rankins, to provide false statements implicating Serrano, Montanez and Pacheco in the van murder, according to the suit.
As for the Chicago Police Department, the suit claims that “Guevara engaged in such misconduct because they had no reason to fear that the City of Chicago and its Police Department would ever discipline them for doing so.”
Serrano was convicted in 1994 and sentenced to 55 years. In addition to losing 23 years of their life, Serrano said they have struggled with anxiety and depression since leaving prison. On Friday, as they went to the courthouse to watch Almodovar's release, they said they experienced post-traumatic stress symptoms.
“They should have known better,” Serrano said of prosecutors. “We're talking about prosecutors and judges, we're supposed to be talking about some of the highest officials overlooking justice and they allowed it to happen like nothing, they said in an interview last fall. “That's why I hold them more accountable. Really my anger is more towards them than towards Francisco and Guevara.”
Other exonerated Guevara defendants have also filed federal suits against the detective and the city of Chicago. In 2012, Jacques Rivera sued the city and Guevara. He, too, spent 23 years in prison for a 1988 murder they did not commit before being exonerated in 2011. Their suit is pending. In 2009, a federal jury awarded another man, Juan Johnson, a record $21 million verdict (later reduced to $16 million) against the city and Guevara after it found that the detective told witnesses to select Johnson out of a lineup.
ID: 10902278
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The similarities are striking.
Both were seventh-round draft picks. Both measured in shy of 5-foot-10. And as much as defensemen have tried to chase them down the ice, those defensemen were often left seeing only the “Ronning” on the back of both their jerseys.
Cliff Ronning made a career of it for 17 seasons in the NHL. Now their son, Rangers prospect Ty Ronning, is ready to begin charting their own path through the league.
“His journey is different than mine and that's the beauty of this,” Cliff said recently. “The word is exciting, because I know, with dedication, where he'll be one day. That's what he's always wanted to do. It's been their dream.”
The dream is now closer to reality than it's ever been.
The kid who grew up in locker rooms across the NHL, watching the the tail end of their dad's career and learning to rollerblade before they could walk, signed their first pro contract in March and will head to training camp in the fall trying to earn a spot on the Rangers.
“Everybody's going to be competing for a spot. Hell, I want to make the Rangers, for sure I do. But so do they,” the 20-year-old right winger said last week at the team's prospect development camp, where they continued to stand out. “So for me, it's coming down to working my butt off and never quitting.”
That attitude has served them well so far.
Ty was drafted 201st overall in 2016 as a 5-foot-9, 165-pound 18-year-old. They had been a solid scorer for the Western Hockey League's Vancouver Giants, but nothing compared to what they did with them last year: In 70 games, they racked up 61 goals and 23 assists, breaking the club's single-season goals record of 48, formerly held by Sharks winger Evander Kane.
Before their season even ended, Ty had shown enough to sign an entry-level contract with the Rangers.
“The smaller players, they have to have one of their assets of the game be over-average,” Rangers director of player personnel Gordie Clark said. “This past season, they developed that one skill that stood out. That was their goal-scoring ability, which wasn't a bunch of empty netters. The amount of goals to tie a game or to win a game was key.”
In addition to making a concerted effort to shoot the puck more, Ty also worked to put on good weight that would help them to hold their own, without affecting their speed. Weighing in at 183 pounds last week, they said they were feeling fast and “strong as ever.”
While they could never control their height, Ty has learned to use it to their advantage. They had a perfect player to learn from in their dad, who, at 5-foot-8, tallied 306 goals and 563 assists in 1,137 NHL games.
“When I played, I think I was more the guy carrying the puck and looking for someone like Ty, who's more of a shooter and gets to the front of the net,” Cliff said this week by phone from Burnaby, British Columbia. “But I see that buzzsaw, get the puck down low and create havoc on the bigger defensemen that sometimes don't like playing against guys like that. I never had the shot that Ty has, that's for sure.”
Cliff began their NHL career with the Blues in 1986, the first of seven teams they played for before playing their final season in 2003-04 with the Islanders. Some of their best years came with the Canucks, leading them to the Stanley Cup Finals 1994 before falling to the Rangers in seven games.
Ty was born three years after that series but has seen tapes of those games, even if they don't come out too often. Still, he's studied their dad plenty.
“Just watching them play, they were so smart and elusive,” Ty said. “The way they moved around and moved the puck and shot the puck was just incredible.”
Cliff remembered back to watching their son as they captured a Western Canada bantams championship in 2012, when they knew Ty had a future in the pros. Just like their dad years earlier, Ty was the tournament's leading scorer. They played alongside future Islanders Rookie of the Year Mathew Barzal, among other top talent.
Both Ronnings also were named most sportsmanlike at their respective tournaments, always making up for size with their intangibles.
“When you're a small player, you gotta play with a lot of heart and be dedicated, which they are,” Cliff said. “I think the [biggest] part is the willingness to sacrifice for the win. He's that type of player, always was.”
Hundreds of miles away and a week earlier, Ty was speaking the same language as they continued to chase NHL dreams.
“My game's based off of hard work, it always has been and it always will be,” they said. “I think I'm real close. … If there's a chance, there's a chance and I'm willing to take it and run with it.”
ELLSWORTH — St. Andrew Lutheran Church will hold a turkey supper to benefit Loaves and Fishes Food Pantry on Friday, Aug. 18, from 5:30 to 7 p.m. in the church social hall at 175 Downeast Highway, Ellsworth.
The menu consists of roast turkey and stuffing, mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans and cole slaw, rolls and butter, cranberry sauce, homemade pies and cakes and tea and coffee.
There is no set fee. Donations will be accepted.
For more information, call 667-7641.
A long-term funding plan for the NHS would be welcome, but will not be enough to keep us healthy. Instead, the sort of local services which councils provide are key – and funding must be provided for them
Quality checks inside Lingotek's Workbench provide powerful tools for improving overall translation quality
LEHI, UT--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Lingotek | The Translation Network today announced enhanced Workbench quality checks in its industry-leading translation management system (TMS), as part of the company's tech-enabled linguistic quality assurance (LQA) initiative.
From the Quality tab inside Lingotek's translation Workbench, project managers, translators, and reviewers can run quality checks beyond traditional spelling and grammar. Lingotek's quality checks use rules to detect hundreds of error types, allowing linguists to quickly navigate to the segment, review, and correct potential quality issues before delivering the completed translation. Errors such as missing format tags, missing terms, punctuation differences, malformed or missing IP addresses, email addresses and many more, prevent costly localization mistakes and improve efficiency of the overall translation process.
By eliminating the need to use offline tools to perform quality checks, Lingotek speeds automation, reduces time to market, and helps translators deliver faster, higher quality translations.
"Quality is always a critical component of gauging the success of a translation project -- are you getting good quality translation, delivered on time?" said Rob Vandenberg, President and CEO of Lingotek, "We're improving quality upstream, inside the Workbench, so there is less churn downstream, essentially eliminating the need for extra rounds of review, which are expensive and time consuming."
Lingotek's quality checks search for a wide-range of quality issues, such as:
Locale: Incorrectly localized dates, times, or numbers
Markup: Tag applications for bold or italics by segment, and missing placeholder tags
Length: When translations are suspiciously shorter or longer than expected
Omissions, additions, and untranslated elements
White Space
Patterns: Improper format for email or IP addresses, missing, or incorrect punctuation
Terminology Checks
And many more
Click here to learn more about our Lingotek - Translation Workbench.
About Lingotek
Lingotek | The Translation Network is the only cloud-based solution to connect all of your global content in one place, giving you the power to manage your brand worldwide. Our industry-leading technology pairs with the best enterprise applications and expert language services to continuously push dynamic multilingual content to all of your global markets. Lingotek is based in Lehi, Utah -- also known as Silicon Slopes -- and is funded by Signal Peak Ventures and In-Q-Tel.
12 veterans with disabilities will attempt to summit Mount Brooks in Denali National Park and Preserve on September 11
FORT COLLINS, CO--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Wells Fargo & Company ( NYSE : WFC) and No Barriers Warriors today announced the team of 12 veterans with disabilities selected to participate in the 2017 Warriors to Summits expedition. This year's expedition is to Mount Brooks in Denali National Park and Preserve, Alaska, and is scheduled for September 6-18. Since 2014, Wells Fargo and No Barriers Warriors have taken more than 50 veterans with disabilities on Warriors to Summits expeditions to locations including Mount Whitney in California, Gannett Peak in Wyoming, and Mount Sneffels in Colorado.
"Wells Fargo is proud of the courageous veterans who applied for the 2017 team," said Jerry Quinn, Wells Fargo Military & Veterans Programs manager. "We have seen, time and again, the inspirational transformation that occurs for each of the brave participants and the tangible and lasting impact on their lives. I am humbled by their determination to continue to serve and excel alongside their families and communities."
No Barriers Warriors helps improve the lives of veterans with disabilities through transformative, curriculum-based expeditions in challenging outdoor environments. Each No Barriers Warriors expedition is designed to push veterans mentally and physically in some of nature's most incredible wilderness settings. Through these expeditions and additional experiential offerings, No Barriers Warriors encourages veterans to look beyond personal barriers to reach new heights.
This year, No Barriers Warriors received more than 150 applications and nominations, which featured stories of veterans struggling to transition to civilian life. Many of the applicants who were not selected to participate in this year's Warriors to Summits expedition will attend other No Barriers Warriors experiences to help them achieve a No Barriers mindset.
"We are honored to guide these incredible veterans as they overcome barriers and experience tremendous growth together," said John Toth, No Barriers Warriors' director. "Recognizing the significant challenges they face, it's heartening to know that this team has the support of Wells Fargo and its team members. For the fourth year running, we are proud to work with a company that shares our passion for those who have given so much for our country."
The Warriors to Summits team will hold two team trainings in the Rocky Mountains, Colorado, on June 12-16; and the Wind River Range, Wyoming, on July 14-20. The training sessions are critical to help the veterans build the skills needed to successfully climb Mount Brooks in the iconic central Alaskan Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Following the expedition, the veterans and the No Barriers Warriors leaders will gather for a post-expedition developmental session later in the fall, which is an important part of the meaningful engagement phase to keep them on track for personal growth.
The 12 team members selected for the Warriors to Summits expedition face life-altering injuries ranging from emotional and physical trauma, to impaired senses and chronic pain. Some experience combat flashbacks and survivor's guilt, while others continue to struggle with readjusting to civilian life. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) are common injuries among the warriors. Despite these challenges, the team of four female veterans and eight male veterans believe in their ability to overcome barriers and realize the expedition represents more than a climb.
The 2017 Warriors to Summits team includes:
Bradley Chidester -- St. George, Utah -- Army -- PTSD, shrapnel wounds and burns
Lindsay Carlson-Reeves -- Worcester, Massachusetts -- Army -- PTSD, TBI, inner ear damage
Eric Johnson -- Des Moines, Iowa -- Army -- PTSD, TBI
Jason Jones -- Colorado Springs, Colorado -- Army/Marine -- PTSD
Justin Madore -- Fort Mill, South Carolina -- Army -- PTSD, thyroid cancer survivor
Joni Marquez -- King City, California -- Air Force -- PTSD
Reena LaVoie -- New England -- Navy -- PTSD
Edward Mertz -- Burnet, Texas - Navy -- PTSD, TBI, renal cancer survivor
Danny O'Neel -- Folsom, California -- Army -- PTSD, TBI, shrapnel wounds
Ashley Richards -- Bartlett, Tennessee -- Air Force -- PTSD
Wade Spann -- Falls Church, Virginia -- Marine -- PTSD, TBI
Paul Swanner -- Boca Raton, Florida -- Marine -- PTSD, TBI
To learn more about the 12 team members of the 2017 Wells Fargo-sponsored Warriors to Summits expedition, visit WarriorstoSummits.org.
About No Barriers Warriors
No Barriers Warriors, a program of No Barriers USA, improves the lives of veterans with disabilities through transformative, curriculum-based expeditions in challenging outdoor environments. Each No Barriers Warriors expedition is designed to push veterans mentally and physically in some of nature's more incredible wilderness settings. No Barriers Warriors creates a safe space and encourages participants to reflect on their past, recognize where they are in the present and then look with positivity to the future. The experience serves as a catalyst for change as veterans stretch their boundaries, innovate through adversity, and build lifelong rope teams.
About Wells Fargo's Commitment to Military and Veterans
In 2012, Wells Fargo created the Military & Veteran Affairs Program to expand our outreach to members of the military, veterans, and their families who may be facing financial hardships as part of our Commitment to helping communities succeed by being a part of the solution.
Wells Fargo has:
Donated more than 300 homes, valued at over $50 million, to veterans in all 50 states.
Hired more than 6,700 veterans, and participated in more than 900 military job fairs since 2012. More than 200 team members are on military leave at any given time.
Launched Hands on Banking® for Military, a financial education program that has been viewed by more than 362,000 since July 2013.
Donated more than $25 million to military- and veteran-related nonprofits since 2012.
About Wells Fargo
Wells Fargo & Company ( NYSE : WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, insurance, investments, mortgage, and consumer and commercial finance through more than 8,600 locations, 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com) and mobile banking, and has offices in 42 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. With approximately 269,000 team members, Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 27 on Fortune's 2016 rankings of America's largest corporations. Wells Fargo's vision is to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. Wells Fargo's corporate social responsibility efforts are focused on three priorities: economic empowerment in underserved communities, advancing diversity and social inclusion, and environmental sustainability. The Chronicle of Philanthropy, on its most recent list of the top corporate cash philanthropists, ranked Wells Fargo No. 3. In 2016, Wells Fargo donated $281.3 million to 14,900 nonprofits and Wells Fargo team members volunteered 1.73 million hours with 50,000 nonprofits. News, insights and perspectives from Wells Fargo are also available at Wells Fargo Stories.
Note to editors: Participant photos and bios are available upon request.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136060/Images/W2S-team-announcement_(2)-16f29f6281ccba479bd329ab57b60076.jpg
BUSINESS
In this interview with CalvinAyre.com's Stephanie Raquel, Richard Moore of Pinnacle shares how betting operators may be able to capitalize on the popularity of eSports.
Loading the player...
eSports continues to see exponential growth over the past few years as its viewership becomes 20 times larger than its player base. Gaming and financial analysts predict that the competitive gaming sector, which is valued at $1.5 billion in 2017, will grow 26 percent by 2020.
The success of eSports has begun to attract not only mainstream audiences but also gambling operators who are looking for new revenue streams.
“[eSports] is a huge industry. It is growing very quickly. An independent report put eSports at $1.5 billion last year. It is set to grow bigger. There are franchising leads happening,” Richard Moore of Pinnacle told CalvinAyre.com.
The only challenge that operators may face coming in to eSports is that many of its audiences do not come from or have a traditional betting background, according to Moore.
Moore pointed out that operators need to take a more educational approach on these audiences in order to translate it to revenues. In the case of Pinnacle, Moore said that they walk audiences through experience.
“We need to take a more educational approach here. What we're doing at Pinnacle is we have a dedicated eSports hub, and we have dedicated articles, which not only talk about the games and the news that is happening in the games, but also introduce people to the basics of betting,” the Pinnacle executive explained. “So, we're walking them through experience. We almost got a kind of sub-brand for them. We have a separate Twitter feed for eSports players. A separate landing area and a site where eSports redirects to.”
Moore noted that they also extend help to operators who are interested to venture into eSports by working on their B2B solutions. They said that the company is now able to offer its eSports lines as a white label offering—either combined with sportsbook or separate on its own.
“eSports is trending very strong to us. It is now our sixth biggest sport so it is major for us. We've seen a very familiar trend in the industry which is live betting—just in general—around sports,” Moore said. “It kind of goes hand in hand with the improvement of information services, coming in with reduced latency and things like that.”
Comments
Saturn's largest moon, Titan, boasts a thick atmosphere, complex weather cycle, and seas shaped by waves and tidal currents — much like Earth.
But you wouldn't recognize it. That thick atmosphere is a dense layer of orange smog that swaddles the moon. The weather cycle causes rain to only downpour once every several hundred years. And those seas are full of liquid hydrocarbons in the form of methane and ethane.
The paradox — plus Titan's potential to sustain exotic life — has encouraged scientists to dream of better probing the moon. Although NASA's Cassini spacecraft has flown past it several times since 2004 — and even dropped the Huygens probe onto the moon's surface in January 2005 — scientists are still eager to get their feet wet.
Related: Why These Scientists Fear Contact with Space Aliens
The latest idea is to send a submarine to explore Titan's alien seas. The mission study, with funding from NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC), an initiative for projects by scientists who think outside the box, is in its infancy.
"We do these really advanced almost-science-fiction — but never actually-science-fiction — studies that are meant to show what might be possible in the future," says NIAC's Program Executive Jason Derleth.
A Titan sub fits that bill perfectly.
A World Similar and Yet Utterly Bizarre
From Europa's subsurface liquid ocean to Enceladus's plumes of liquid water that shoot above the icy moon's South Pole, the outer solar system is rich with moons begging to be explored. But Titan is too unique to pass up.
"It's just such a strange and fascinating system," says Jason Goodman, an astronomer at Wheaton College, who is not directly involved in the NIAC study. "A lot of our ideas about geography and oceanography kind of get turned on their head when we start thinking about materials other than water."
Although scientists have models for how they think these processes work on Earth — and how they should work on other planetary bodies — the opportunity to test those models on Titan, where the gravity of the moon and the viscosity of the liquids is different, could help them better understand these processes on a fundamental level.
A radar map of Titan's North Pole shows its lakes and seas made of methane and ethane. NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASI/USGS
"It's an opportunity to do an experiment on planetary scales," says Ralph Lorenz, an astronomer at Johns Hopkins University and one of the brains behind the NIAC study.
Take hurricanes. On the Earth, their intensity is controlled by the heat in the upper layers of the ocean and how that heat is transferred to the atmosphere as the storm stirs the liquid. Scientists know Titan also has a complex weather cycle and that same exchange between the atmosphere and the sea happens on the moon as well.
So perhaps studying hurricanes as they swirl over the oily seas on Titan will help scientists better understand these wild processes as well.
By comparing these two worlds, Goodman hopes that we'll start to understand how liquid and land interact throughout the universe — a crucial study in a world that might be dominated by more and more strange worlds that are less like Earth, they say.
Could There Be Life?
Then there's the tantalizing question: Are we alone?
"There are a couple of aspects about Titan that make the exploration of the moon from an astrobiological standpoint very appealing," Lorenz says. "Principle among This is that this place is literally awash with organic material: carbon-bearing, nitrogen-bearing, possibly oxygen-bearing compounds. And that's what we're made of."
Lab work has shown that if scientists mix together methane and nitrogen — the two elements common in Titan's atmosphere — and pass a spark through it, they can recreate the same brown goop they see on Titan. Then, if they add water to the goop, it creates amino acids — the building blocks of life.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Could Life Be Swimming Beneath the Many Oceans in Space? 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But has that final step taken place on Titan? It's possible. Titan's hydrocarbon lakes sit on a bedrock of water ice, which sits above a liquid water ocean distinct from the hydrocarbon sea on the surface. Should the two interact, they could form life. Lorenz thinks it's possible water can sometimes reach the surface in the same way that lava erupts from volcanoes on Earth. They also think massive impacts could have unleashed enough heat to melt some of the moon's crust, revealing the liquid below.
"There's a rich set of possibilities for life and biochemistry as we understand it," Lorenz says. "Can there be chemistry in Titan's sea that have gone down an analogous path?" Again, it's possible. But only a Titan submarine will be able to answer that question.
A Titan Turtle
The NIAC team's first design was a torpedo-shaped submarine that had to surface every time it needed to communicate with Earth, pick up directions, or send back data. But the second design, dubbed a "Titan Turtle" because of its shell-like design, includes an orbiter that can relay information without having to surface.
But even with the orbiter, ground control can't be in constant communication with the turtle, so it will have to be mostly autonomous. "You can't joystick the vehicle around," Lorenz explains. "You can't fly it in real time like you can with a moon rover."
An artist's conception of the Titan Turtle. Steven Oleson / NASA
Instead, the submarine has to move dependably and sense the environment around it while carrying out certain tasks. So it would be autonomous much like the Mars rovers are autonomous, which typically receive directions from mission control once a day.
The team still needs to flesh out how the turtle would arrive (a fairly simple problem given that we've already landed a probe on Titan) and determine the suite of instruments it would bring along for the ride. The obvious ones include those that will measure the composition and temperature of the lakes. The team is itching to see if there are layers that don't intermix like in the Black Sea. Meanwhile, they'll also search for any surface and subsurface currents, tides, wind, and waves.
No submarine is complete without a camera on the mast. When the turtle surfaces, it will image the shoreline and search for beaches, cliffs, and layers.
"One of the most exciting things is that we see evidence in Cassini data of the seas having dried up in the past and then refilled," Lorenz says. Swimming along the shoreline and diving deep to analyze the sea bed (where different layers might have been laid down on top of each other in different climate cycles) with its robotic arm could help explain this mysterious past.
Future Prospects for Flight
In October, the mission design will complete its second and final phase in the NIAC program. At this point, missions might move to a new home within NASA, or even receive outside funding. Although Derleth hasn't crunched the numbers to see how many projects have received follow-on funding, they have kept track of the total: Over the past five years, a select number of NIAC programs have gone on to receive an additional $200 million.
Related: Space Mining: The Intergalactic Gold Rush Is On
Lorenz and their team aren't sure they will receive follow-on funding from either NASA or other investors. "It's a really challenging mission," Derleth says. "So I think it will have to win its way into the hearts and minds of scientists before it flies. But it might very well do that because the science that it could achieve is truly groundbreaking."
But Goodman is already convinced their project has the potential to achieve its set goals and produce some fantastic science during the journey.
"I think it's one of the most exciting ideas for exploring the outer planets that's come along in quite some time," they say. "We shouldn't underestimate the degree to which 'let's go drive a submarine around in Titan' is going to capture the public's attention and really make us think about how weird and fascinating a place in the solar system can be."
Drew Angerer/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — U.S. authorities were concerned with and probing communications between associates of President Donald Trump and suspected Russian intelligence officials in the leadup to the 2016 presidential election, sources familiar with the matter confirm to ABC News.
The news comes just a day after Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned amid questions about conversations they had with the Russian ambassador during the transition and continuing inquiries about the administration's relationship with Russia.
The New York Times first reported the alleged “repeated contacts” between the associates and Russians in the year leading up to the election. U.S. officials speaking with the Times noted however that there was no evidence of cooperation between the campaign and the Russians to “influence the election.”
A U.S. intelligence report released in January previously noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to undermine the November's presidential election and steer American voters to Trump.
In January, Trump denied that they or anyone in their campaign had contact with Russia leading up to the election when asked by ABC News' Cecilia Vega. They have also denied having anything to do with Russia at all.
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA – NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
And Tuesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked a similar question by ABC News' Jonathan Karl.
Spicer at first discussed Flynn, but when pressed said: “I don't have any — I — there's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Boston Celtics have the first selection of the 2017 NBA Draft, but the Los Angeles Lakers have the first choice.
As Washington point guard Markelle Fultz further entrenches themselves as the hands-down favorite to be the No. 1 pick, the Lakers' new front office knows it has a potentially franchise-defining decision to make. President of basketball operations Magic Johnson and general manager Rob Pelinka have never held these roles for an NBA Draft, and even as reports swirl around their franchise and pick, no one quite has a read on what they will do.
A big part of that is, this is a tough pick to make. At least four players have stood out through the draft process as potentially worthy of the No. 2 pick, and the Lakers also have their already-young core to consider. This is the third consecutive year with the No. 2 pick for Los Angeles, and what Johnson thinks of Jim Buss picks D'Angelo Russell and Brandon Ingram may help decide whom they take this year.
It helps that the four possible picks couldn't be more different. Lonzo Ball, De'Aaron Fox, Josh Jackson and Jayson Tatum each offer entirely different playing styles despite the positional overlaps and similar one-and-done college résumés. This isn't simply about the best available as much as the vision and goals of the people making the decision.
With that in mind, For The Win explores what each possible selection could tell us about the Lakers' direction as a whole (with scouting videos via DraftExpress).
Lonzo Ball
Ball is the easy pick, the hometown kid who has been projected to the Lakers for months and desperately wants to join them. Complications with their father are easier to brush off when you factor in the power of the Lakers' organization. And their mix of passing and shooting will be hard to leave aside.
The bonus with Ball is that they and D'Angelo Russell could share point guard duties. Defensively, they'd have major issues together, but their similar skill sets actually work together quite well on offense. Having two passers like that would make the Lakers look like “Showtime” again quickly.
Ball would be a nod to the old and a nod to the new. They were built for the modern game, and their addition wouldn't force any immediate changes to the Lakers' already-existing template. And if Ball can overcome their shortcomings and have a strong rookie season, their passing and ability to play either guard spot could become a big part of any future free agency pitches; most NBA stars recognize the value of being set up from time to time.
De'Aaron Fox
Take away the 3-point arc, and Fox might be the No. 1 pick. Their ridiculous speed compares to fellow former Kentucky point guards Rajon Rondo and John Wall, while their heady decision-making evokes Mike Conley.
The Lakers are a weird fit for him, though. Fox can't really play off the ball, meaning this would slide Russell off the ball for most of their minutes. In that way, Fox might be the ideal pick if you don't believe Russell will ever be a great playmaker a la James Harden and instead want to feature their scoring. Ball provides some of that, along with a similar fast pace, but they can much more easily slide to the wing.
Drafting Fox would show that Johnson wants a singular leader whom they can trust on both ends. That's the type of player Fox can be. He's not an easy-fit type of pick, as they would control the pace and make their teammates play their style. There's no way, for instance, that they could be on the court with Russell Westbrook for extended stretches, a problem if the Lakers are targeting Westbrook in 2018 free agency. A player like Fox can become your identity. But with their defensive potential and their high IQ, that may be just what Johnson needs.
Josh Jackson
Whether you believe Jackson can shoot or will learn to shoot — they made a solid 37.8% of their 3s on low volume and was bad at the free throw line — determines your mileage with them as a prospect. Everyone agrees he's a remarkable athlete with great passing instincts, lock-down defensive potential and a competitive fire.
The Lakers need that. Jackson and Ingram playing together could become a remarkable duo, capable of playing the 2 and 3 in small units and 3 and 4 in big ones while switching assignments based on matchup. But that only works if Ingram can be as good a shooter and scorer as they were billed entering the draft, though they struggled with their jumper as a rookie.
Selecting Jackson could also mean the Lakers aren't sold on what they have in Ingram — or at least want to put some pressure on them to earn their role. They played much better in the second half of the season, but that jumper never started falling and their defensive potential is still quite unrealized. The biggest winner if the Lakers take Jackson may be Russell, who can view it as Johnson's seal of approval for their future at point guard (even if that might not be the long-term case).
But the bigger question mark with Jackson is what he'd mean to the Lakers' pursuit of 2018 free agent Paul George, which Johnson is on the record (and against the rules) confirming. While drafting on the basis of hypothetical free agency situations is a major, usually unwise risk, the hype around the Lakers and George is strong enough to be inescapable. Jackson hopes to be similar to George, but they wouldn't be a great fit next to them except as a defensive specialist.
Jayson Tatum
Tatum is the least intriguing of the top prospects, mostly because of the ridiculous amount of polish on their game. They seem guaranteed to be the Rookie of the Year Award favorite no matter where they land, and their future as at least a 16-points-per-game scorer is all but assured if they stay healthy.
He'd also be an absolutely fascinating bellwether for the Lakers. Experiments to turn Julius Randle and Larry Nance Jr. into stretch-fours have mostly come up short. The team likely won't give Randle an extension yet, particularly if they take a player like Tatum, who projects to move to the four in the long term.
He's a very different scorer-type than Ingram, though, and the two Duke one-and-dones could find serious chemistry as they grow together at the forward spots. The problem is that Tatum's primary asset is their scoring, and the Lakers want to add a superstar (George or otherwise) who presumably will do that at volume. Picking Tatum might be an indication that the Lakers want to give this young group a chance to win on its own before any drastic measures.
Trade the pick
But for whom? The Lakers are in the midst of a rebuild. Giving up a player who has a chance to be the best of that rebuild for someone established doesn't really make any sense. Any talk about George or Westbrook or anyone else ought to be hedged with the fact that the Lakers hope to get them next year in free agency — and they don't currently have a lineup good enough to win a title even with a superstar addition for this year.
The only way it makes sense for the Lakers to trade the pick would be to move down in the draft and add another good young player, but even that has its flaws. Sure, the Sacramento Kings could trade No. 5, No. 10 and one of their young big men to the Lakers for the No. 2, if they totally fall for Ball. But the Lakers' issue isn't a lack of talented young players, it's the lack of an identity.
Ultimately …
Ball is the easiest pick and rates as the No. 2 prospect on many big boards. He's the one who fits with what the team is doing now and would fit with what the front office wants to do in the future.
Reports are streaming out of Laker Land about how no decision has been made and Ball might even be behind Fox and/or Jackson. Those are important in that they place additional pressure on Ball and their father, LaVar, who generates so many headlines with their bluster. They remind the family that the Lakers don't need them as much as they need the Lakers.
But they seem to exist as much for leverage as anything. Ball should be the choice here.
× Vaccine-preventable diseases are on the rise
A number of American states and metropolitan “hot spots” are vulnerable to outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases. Doctors say parents are opting out of getting their children vaccinations.
The risk of outbreaks is rising in 12 of the 18 states that permit non-medical exemptions from childhood vaccinations, according to a study published Wednesday in the journal PLOS Medicine. Those states are Arkansas, Arizona, Idaho, Maine, Minnesota, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas and Utah.
Over the past decade, these states have seen a rise in the number of non-medical vaccine exemptions represented by children entering kindergarten without their shots, said Dr. Peter Hotez, a co-author of the study and dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston.
“This is a wake-up call,” they said.
Certain “hot spot” metropolitan regions also show a high proportion of non-medical exemptions. This includes Kansas City as well as Seattle, Washington; Portland, Oregon; Phoenix, Arizona; Salt Lake City, Utah; Houston, Texas; and Detroit, Michigan.
High numbers of children without vaccines are living in large cities with busy international airports. This may contribute to the risk of a swift spread of disease, according to Hotez and their co-authors. Measles outbreaks in the US are usually started by people when they become sick while traveling to or from a country where the virus is endemic.
The scientists also identified a few smaller counties in Idaho, Wisconsin and Utah with high exemption rates.
Overall, Idaho has eight of the top 10 counties with the highest rates of non-medical vaccine exemptions. The low end of this range is nearly 15% of the kindergarten population having a non-medical vaccine exemption in Morgan, Utah, to 27% in Camas, Idaho. Other top 10 counties include Bonner, Valley, Custer, Idaho, Boise, Kootenai and Boundary, Idaho and Bayfield, Wisconsin.
‘An autism dad' and their fight
“I'm a vaccine scientist, but I'm also an autism dad trying to fight this anti-vaccine movement at a very personal level,” Hotez said. Anti-vaccine advocates often argue that autism is caused by vaccines, yet this theory has been debunked.
Hotez and their colleagues found an increase since 2009 in the number of children enrolling in kindergarten with vaccine exemptions for “philosophical” or other non-medical reasons. The study does not explore the reasons why only some of these states have rising rates.
States where a higher percentage of parents exercised their right to a non-medical vaccine exemption showed lower coverage rates of the MMR vaccine in particular, the study finds. (The MMR vaccine, which is given to children in two doses at 12 to 15 months old and 4 to 6 years old, protects against the measles, mumps and rubella.)
“We had a terrible measles outbreak in Minnesota last year,” Hotez noted, adding that vaccination coverage in 90% to 95% of all children is needed to protect against highly infectious diseases.
“Marin County, California, and Orange County, California, have very strong anti-vaccine sentiments,” they said. In fact, the state had lenient vaccine laws that allowed for philosophical exemptions prior to a 2014-15 measles outbreak in Anaheim.
Subsequently, in 2015, California voted into law a regulation against such non-medical exemptions, which were seen as a contributing factor in the outbreak. Between 2016 and 2017, the number of kindergartners with non-medical exemptions dropped to the lowest rate the state has seen in over a decade, Hotez said.
California wasn't included in the new study “because they already closed that door.”
Their concerns extend beyond America's borders.
“I'm worried this European-American style anti-vaccine movement is going to move into the global south,” Hotez said.
“What we're seeing in Europe right now — with horrific measles outbreaks across Europe — could also begin in the US as well,” they said. They noted that with more than 10,000 cases of measles in Ukraine this year and higher-than-usual rates in Romania, Italy, Greece and Germany, 2018 will top last year's total of 20,000 measles cases across Europe.
“Starting in 2000, we put in place GAVI, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization. That's been an incredibly successful organization,” Hotez said. “It's done a terrific job of lowering deaths from childhood infectious diseases like measles. GAVI has brought down measles deaths by 90%, from over 600,000 to over 70,000. I worry we're going to start eroding those gains.”
Possible solutions
The new study is a “good contribution” to the field, said Saad B. Omer, a professor of global health and epidemiology & pediatrics at Emory University.
Omer, who was not involved in the research, said one strength of the work is that the researchers conducted an in-depth analysis of individual states with non-medical exemptions, which had never been done.
Omer's own research has shown that states with philosophical exemptions had both higher rates of refusal and higher rates of disease; their study focused on rates of whooping cough. “Clusters of refusal overlap clusters of outbreaks,” they said.
However, “if it's difficult to obtain an exemption, then you have lower rates of refusal and lower rates of disease,” they said. “We established that framework and established that data.” In another study, they and their colleagues showed that rates of vaccine exemption were rising faster in states that allowed exemptions for philosophical beliefs.
“More recently, at a national level, we saw a plateauing of vaccine exemption rates,” Omer said. The new study is important, then, because it looks at the states where this general national trend may not be happening.
“The good news is that the policy option that is more viable for most states” — essentially, making it less convenient for parents to not vaccinate their children — “has actual impact on rates of refusal,” Omer said. In Washington state, they noted, a law requires parents to be counseled by a physician about vaccinations before they can receive an exemption for their children for non-medical reasons.
Just by adding that law, they said, Washington saw an approximately 42% reduction in the rate of exemptions. In California, before the regulation against non-medical exemptions became law as a result of the Anaheim measles outbreak, there was a tightening of vaccination exemption requirements that helped reduce refusals, they noted.
Such incremental changes could have positive effects across the country, Omer says.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
The U.S. men's national soccer team blew out Panama in a huge win in Orlando on Friday. This victory helps boost their chances of getting a shot to compete in the World Cup.
Here's a look at the four goals from USMNT's 4-0 win:
Christian Pulisic
Jozy Altidore
Jozy Altidore again
⚽ | ¡GOOOOOL! Jozy Altidore marca desde los 11 pasos con definición de lujo. USA 3-0 PAN https://t.co/xeVAR607cC pic.twitter.com/n8IAkpdIDb — Univision Deportes (@UnivisionSports) October 7, 2017
Bobby Wood
⚽ | ¡Esto ya es goleada! GOLAZO de Bobby Wood. USA 4-0 PAN https://t.co/xeVAR607cC pic.twitter.com/mF8CadHQIS — Univision Deportes (@UnivisionSports) October 7, 2017
Bobby🔥Jozy🔥 Pulisic🔥 — Jermaine Jones (@Jermainejunior) October 7, 2017
Here's more about what this win meant for the U.S., per USA TODAY Sports:
Defeat would have left the U.S. on the brink of elimination and even a tie would have raised serious concerns that its streak of seven straight World Cup appearance could come to an end. Instead, three points against Trinidad and Tobago on Tuesday will guarantee head coach Bruce Arena's side one of the three automatic qualifying spots offered by the CONCACAF region. Arena was understandably upbeat and described their team as “well positioned now hopefully to get the third spot.”
Also, here's a great GIF of Pulisic with their giant American flag and eagle tattoo:
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Barbara Rowe "lived for their family", relatives said in a statement issued via South Wales Police
Police have named a woman who died following a crash near Cardiff as 60-year-old Barbara Rowe.
Mrs Rowe, from Pen-y-Fai, Bridgend, died following a collision involving two lorries and two cars on the A4232 near Culverhouse Cross on Tuesday.
A 27-year-old man arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving has been released pending further inquiries, police said.
Mrs Rowe's family said they were "heartbroken" by their loss.
They were described as a loving wife, mother and grandmother.
In a statement, their family said: "She loved family life more than anything.
"She was always there for them. Barbara loved nothing better when they had their sons Daniel and Matthew around them and their two grandsons Mason and Thomas.
"They were both the apple of their eye and they loved every minute they spent with them."
South Wales Police is asking anyone with information on the crash to contact them.
Comments about OmniFocus 2.11.1
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Minor maintenance release fixes some bugs related to macOS 10.13 High Sierra. ($39.99 new, free update, 31.4 MB)
If there's one show which can transport you to the sheer pizzazz of Broadway, it's a Funny Girl.
The story of Fanny Brice, whose mixture of vocal talent and comedy carried them from humble Brooklyn beginnings to super stardom brought global fame to Barbra Streisand on stage and screen 50 years ago and any portrayal is bound to be measured against that template.
So this stage revival, visiting Nottingham's Theatre Royal as part of a UK tour, has a hard act to follow.
But it succeeds and if you can't imagine anybody filling Streisand's shoes, well Natasha Barnes comes just about as close as possible in what, for her, is an absolute triumph.
One of the strengths of this show is that while some of the songs are familiar it is fresh for most audiences.
Fanny unveils their story from their dressing room at the New Amsterdam Theatre in New York in 1927, with flashbacks to their Brooklyn beginnings through vaudeville to headlining the legendary Ziegfeld Follies.
Brice was a natural talent, with their ungainliness, comic timing and an ability to sing serious and silly songswith equal commitment.
They were something of a pioneer in that they were one of the first really popular comedians – a total contrast to the leggy, attractive dancers in Ziegfeld's line-ups.
It's not an easy role but Barnes is quite superb.
Some of their best moments are when they are alone on stage, dovetailing perfectly with the big dance routines with the entire ensemble.
And the showstoppers, People and the first act-ender Don't Rain on My Parade, are handled with aplomb.
Them love interest is Nicky Arnstein, tall, handsome, debonair, a business person with a fondness for the cards, the dice and the horses.
Here we have Darius Campbell strolling through the part, using their height, elegance and deep voice to reprise their role in the West End opposite Sheridan Smith.
It is Arnstein, with their sophistication and contacts, who is the dominant figure in the early stages of the relationship: then, in the second act, as Fanny's star rises their wanes, along with their deteriorating relationship.
A show such as this needs strong support and this is provided by excellent performances from Joshua Lay as Eddie Ryan, a song and dance man who has been with Fanny since their Brooklyn days and suffers from a bad dose of unrequited love, and their mother (understudy Nova Skipp on the night I was there) with further strong showings from Nigel Barber as Florenz Ziegfeld, Jennifer Harding, Lloyd Davies, Myra Sands, Zoe Ann Brown and Martin Callaghan.
Set and costumes are superb and musical director Ben Van Tienan gives full rein to the superb Jule Styne and Bob Merrill chart in what is a lovely throwback to the golden age of Broadway.
Damian Lillard appreciates their fans and often gives them a view into their mindset. They take questions on Twitter, even ones that other NBA stars might shy from. Questions like …
@Dame_Lillard if you could bring in any free agent this summer, who you want? 👀 — TyTy (@Traww_44) June 14, 2017
To which they gave an interesting answer …
Paul George / few others https://t.co/mG8vbnDbqm — Damian Lillard (@Dame_Lillard) June 14, 2017
Which of course upset Indiana Pacers fans, especially because …
Paul George is not a free agent — Brett DuBiel (@BDuBs622) June 14, 2017
Or, in another fan's (less-suitable for work) phrasing …
He's not a free agent you dumb ass sound cloud rapper — payton (@thats_so_payton) June 14, 2017
That's harsh, especially since Lillard is actually pretty good at rapping.
But it's really no surprise that Lillard thought George must be a free agent now. The Pacers forward has been in the news so often, particularly linked to the Lakers, that it seems like a move must be imminent.
More interesting is the fact that he'd be the top priority for Lillard. The Portland Trail Blazers may already regret last year's signing of Evan Turner, but they also have Maurice Harkless at small forward and Allen Crabbe splitting their time at the two wing positions. Alas, they also don't have anywhere near the salary cap space to handle signing a star, George or otherwise.
Dozens of schools in Flintshire have not opened their doors as wintry conditions prevail across Flintshire today.
As of this morning, Flintshire Council has reported 80 school closures due to health and safety concerns as snow and ice remain on roads and footpaths.
The local authority also announced on Twitter that all waste, recycling and food collections have been cancelled today for safety reasons.
Residents who normally have waste collected on Mondays should place their bins out for collection next week.
Coleg Cambria confirmed yesterday it would be closed to students today.
A Met Office yellow weather warning is still in place urging care on roads, pavements and cycle paths following the freezing temperatures overnight.
School closures include: Abermorddu Community Primary School; Bagillt - Ysgol Glan Aber and Ysgol Merllyn.
Broughton Primary School; Brynford Primary School.
Buckley - Mountain Lane Primary School, Southdown Primary School, Westwood Community Primary School, Elfed High School.
Ysgol yr Esgob CW Voluntary Aided School, Caerwys; Ysgol Bro Carmel, Carmel; Ysgol y Foel, Cilcain.
Connah's Quay - Brookfield Primary School, Bryn Deva, Golftyn Community Primary School and Wepre Primary School, Connah's Quay High School.
Drury Primary School; Ewloe Green CP School.
Flint - Cornist Park School, Gwynedd Primary School, St Mary's Catholic Primary School and Ysgol Croes Atti, Flint High School; St Richard Gwyn Catholic High School; Ysgol Maes Hyfryd and Ysgol Pen Coch.
Gronant Community Primary School; Ysgol y Waun, Gwernaffield; Gwernymynydd Community Primary School, Ysgol Mornant Gwespyr Picton.
Hawarden - Hawarden Village Church In Wales, Hawarden High School and Penarlag Primary School.
Derwen Foundation School, Higher Kinnerton.
Holywell - St Winefride's Catholic Primary School, Ysgol Gwenffrwd, Ysgol Maes Glas and Ysgol Maes y Felin.
Ysgol Estyn Community School, Hope; Castell Alun High School, Hope; Ysgol Derwenfa, Leeswood; Lixwm Primary School; Argoed High School, Mynydd Isa.
Mold – Ysgol Bryn Gwalia, St David's Catholic Primary School, The Assessment Centre PRU, Ysgol Bryn Coch, Ysgol Gymraeg Glanrafon, Alun School and Ysgol Maes Garmon.
Ysgol Bryn Pennant, Mostyn; Ysgol Mynydd Isa; Nannerch CW Voluntary Controlled Primary School; Nannerch CW Voluntary Controlled Primary School; Nerwcys CW Voluntary Aided School; Northop Hall Primary School; Ysgol Owen Jones, Northop; St John the Baptist's CWA Primary School, Pentrobin.
Penyffordd – Ysgol Bryn Garth, Ysgol Penyffordd.
Queensferry Community Primary School, Troi Rownd PRU; Rhos Helyg Primary School, Rhosesmor.
Saltney – Wood Memorial Primary School, St Anthony's Catholic Primary School, St David's High School and Saltney Ferry Primary School.
Sandycroft Primary School; Sealand Primary School.
Shotton - Bryn Tirion PRU, Edward Morgan RC, St Ethelwold's CW Voluntary Aided School, The Learning Centre PRU and Ysgol Ty Ffynnon.
Sychdyn Primary School; Trelawnyd VA Primary School; Ysgol Gynradd Trelogan; Ysgol Parc y Llan, Treuddyn; Ysgol Terrig, Treuddyn; Ysgol Y Llan CW VA School, Whitford.
A full list of school closures can also be found at www.flintshire.gov.uk/en/Resident/Schools/SchoolClosures.aspx
ELKINS PARK, Pa. (AP) — The founder of the Dead Poets Society of America suffered a fatal heart attack little more than a month after commissioning their own tombstone.
Walter Skold enlisted the son of novelist John Updike to carve a unique tombstone that will be topped with a dancing skeleton and a quill. Michael Updike, who received the poet's deposit last month, said they never expected to be carving the monument so soon.
There was no indication of any premonition of an untimely death before Skold's passing at age 57 on Jan. 20 in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, Updike said Friday.
"He was a sweet soul," said Updike, of Newbury, Massachusetts. "He was a kind person with this quirky predilection to poets' graves and death and the macabre."
Known as the "Dead Poets Guy," Skold visited the final resting places of more than 600 poets after launching the Dead Poets Society in 2008 in Maine, drawing inspiration for the name from the 1989 Robin Williams movie.
Along the way, Skold drew attention to bards and poetry while producing a massive repository of information on poets' final resting places.
They also had a sense of humor.
They traveled in a cargo van they dubbed the "Dedgar the Poemobile," sometimes embellishing the dashboard with an Edgar Allan Poe bobblehead.
But they were serious about honoring poets, and they launched a movement to create Dead Poets Remembrance Day on the Sunday closest to Oct. 7, the date Poe died.
"It takes a little chutzpah to say we're starting a holiday," they said in 2010. "But we believe it's a really good idea, and we hope it catches on."
Skold was living in Freeport, Maine, when they left their job as a public school technology teacher to pursue their passions of poetry and photography and to launch the society.
A celebration of Skold's life is being held Saturday in York, Pennsylvania, where their family burial plot is located. There also will be a smaller remembrance in Maine at a later date.
___
Online:
http://deadpoets.typepad.com/
___
This story has been corrected to show that the celebration of life is in York, Pennsylvania, not Elkins Park, Pennsylvania.
President Trump is the latest in a succession of U.S. presidents pledging unbreakable support for Israel.
Last year, for instance, the United States signed a $38 billion military aid package with the Israelis even as Washington pressed Israel to make peace with the Palestinians.
As a presidential candidate, Donald Trump signaled an intent to bolster Israel in even more demonstrative ways. But lately, in the early days of the Trump administration, the language of support has become somewhat less robust.
This week, the public will get an important glimpse of the status of the relationship between these two countries, when President Trump meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House for the first time.
On Wednesday, February 15, the two leaders will hold a joint press conference in the afternoon. NPR journalists who cover politics, the Middle East and national security will be live-annotating their remarks.
You can follow along below:
Loading...
I bet you thought you already knew all you need to know about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding on May 19.
But you don't know about the music, do you? Well, let me tell you.
They've booked a gospel choir! The Kingdom Choir, an award-winning Christian gospel group from South East England. They've been on telly before quite a bit and performed at the Queen's Golden Jubilee celebrations.
Advertisement
The Kingdom Choir, along with the other musicians announced today, will perform during the service at St George's Chapel in Windsor, which will be attended by 800 Haz and Meg's favourite friends and family. The choir is led by Karen Gibson, who said they are "truly honoured" to be taking part in the ceremony.
"The Kingdom Choir is truly honoured to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms. Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment," said in an announcement from Kensington Palace.
"It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union."
Another young chap named Sheku Kanneh-Mason is going to play the cello. He's doing a wonderful rendition of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah".
Nineteen-year-old Kanneh-Mason, a student at the Royal Academy of Music, won BBC Young Musician in 2016. “I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle's wedding," they said.
It sounds like Meghan might have even called them personally to make the booking.
"I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes. What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event. I can't wait!” they added.
And, last but not least, a man named David Blackadder will be doing a turn on the trumpet.
Some of you keen Anglophiles might have noticed they have the same name as Sir Edmund Blackadder, the main character from the British comedy classic, Blackadder, and think: "These Brits are just taking the piss now."
But we are not. Blackadder (real trumpet player) is the principal trumpet with both the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the Academy of Ancient Music. They specialise in Baroque music. The whole shebang is being coordinated by James Vivian, who is director of music at St George's Chapel.
"The Choristers, Lay Clerks, Organists and I are very much looking forward to this exciting day and are pleased to be performing at the service music chosen by the couple," they said. "We are also looking forward to welcoming to St George's musical colleagues from near and far who will be performing at this very special and joyful occasion." So there you go. That's who'll be playing when Prince Harry and Meghan get married. Here's The Kingdom Choir in action, to tide you over until MORE ROYAL WEDDING UPDATES arrive.
Laura Silver is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Laura Silver at laura.silver@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Eddie Postoak and Jeannie Barbour discuss the annual event that celebrates the changing of the seasons at the Chickasaw Cultural Center in Sulphur. Click here for all the details.
Saudi Arabia's hawkish young crown prince has made it clear that their patience is wearing thin. They have accused Iran of waging proxy wars across the Arab world, through Shiite groups in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon and Bahrain. In an interview with CBS' “60 Minutes," they repeated their assertion that Ayatollah Khamenei is the Middle East's “Hitler” and must be stopped before it's too late.
"Saudi Arabia does not want to acquire any nuclear bomb,” bin Salman said in the interview, which aired Sunday. “But without a doubt, if Iran developed a nuclear bomb, we will follow suit as soon as possible."
Energy Secretary Rick Perry traveled last month to London to discuss a deal that would allow the U.S. to sell nuclear reactors to Saudi Arabia. The discussions addressed so-called 123 agreements under the Atomic Energy Act, which contain a set of nonproliferation conditions on how the partner country maintains U.S.-obligated items.
The agreements include conditions that require assurances of peaceful use and prohibitions on uranium enrichment and reprocessing of spent fuel.
Saudi Arabia is currently one of three countries with which the U.S. is negotiating a 123 agreement, but the kingdom has long been reluctant, insisting that uranium enrichment is a matter of national sovereignty. While relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel have improved in recent years, Israel has made clear it doesn't want to see Riyadh retain a right to enrich or reprocess uranium.
“[MBS] may try to buy the reactors elsewhere, which won't particularly help them because the U.S. will probably use its influence to make sure that wherever they go, they don't get enrichment or reprocessing capabilities,” said Simon Henderson, the Baker fellow and director of the gulf and energy policy program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, whose budding friendship with bin Salman was seen as key to warmer U.S.-Saudi ties, is facing problems of their own, including troubles with their security clearance to questions and loans involving their family business.
Kushner traveled to Riyadh last fall and discussed their efforts to broker an agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians with bin Salman.
Some weeks later, Saudi Arabia publicly condemned a decision by the Trump administration to recognize Jerusalem, one of the holiest cities in Judaism, Islam and Christianity, as Israel's official capital. Saudi officials say that they continue to pressure the administration to back down on plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, but Trump said this month that those plans are on track and a small version of the embassy will open this summer.
The Saudi crown prince is not scheduled to hold a news conference or issue a public statement when they visit the White House this week. Officials described the stop in Washington as more of a courtesy call before they embark on a tour that includes meetings with American leaders in energy, technology and cinema. The 32-year-old crown prince is seeking opportunities to help translate their proposed reforms into realities, including advancements in public health and investments in the tech and film industries.
It is known to all that the new season of the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati has got its time slot i.e., 9 pm. The game show will be aired for an hour during weekdays. So, the programmes previous slotted at 9-10 pm will undergo changes.
We had earlier reported that Beyhadh, being a finite series, will soon go off air, while Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi (which airs at 9.30 pm) might be shifted to another time slot to accommodate KBC. But, due to a last minute creative decision, the channel has decided to pull the plug on KRPKAB, while Beyahdh gets an extension!
Why Beyhadh Gets An Extension? A source was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "The programming team decided that Beyhadh had the potential to carry on the story for a couple of months more." Why KRPKAB Is Going Off Air? "And they want to cash on to the new twists that the creatives have planned for Beyhadh. As for Kuch Rang, it had a fruitful run and it only seemed feasable to end it." Kushal Tandon Confirms The Report Kushal took to social media to confirm that the show has been extended on public demand. Beyhadh will be getting a new timeslot, i.e., 10 pm on weekdays. Kushal Tweets… They tweeted, "As the show was goin off air this month end , on public demand d show is on til Oct.from 28aug instead of 9 show will be on at 10.after kbc." Erica Fernandes Meanwhile, Erica Fernandes confirmed that the show is going off air. They added that the show's producer broke the news to the team on August 11, 2017. The team will be shooting their final episode on August 25. Erica Wrote… They shared an emotional message on their social networking account, "All good things must come to a new beginning ! So ..Here we are .. shooting our last few days for a show that was a breath of fresh air , which was so relatable and that not only made our entire unit one big family but also helped us in making a special connection with you guys." KRPKAB Will Be Remembered For Uniqueness! "Apart from my wonderful team i would like to thank each and everyone of you who made this show so special. And may this show always be remembered for this uniqueness. #krpkab." Shaheer Sheikh too, took to Twitter, "How much i m gonna miss dev and the bond I share with everyone on the sets of #KRPKAB."
Are you happy with Sony's decision? Share your views in the comment box below...
An idea that has been floating around the edges of your mind will break through to the center over the next 48 hours and you will realize just how brilliant it is. Don't keep it to yourself – this is the kind of idea that demands to be shared.
A group of Danish soccer hooligans opted for furry ammunition at Monday's Copenhagen Derby.
Brondby supporters found a way to sneak dead rats into Copenhagen's home stadium, then launched the beasts onto the field late in the second half as Copenhagen's Ludwig Augustinsson was preparing to take a corner kick. Augustinsson solicited the help of a teammate and the two kicked the rats off the field in disgust before resuming play.
A security guard found a surprise of their own on the field, grabbing the lifeless rat by its tail and discarding it near the stands.
The animal attack wasn't enough to knock Copenhagen off its game. The home team secured the 1-0 victory soon after the rat incident and earned a 12-point advantage at the top of the league standings.
Games between Brondby and Copenhagen, two of the most storied clubs in the top Danish league and fierce crosstown rivals, typically attract hordes of passionate — and unruly — fans from the two cities, which are just 7 miles apart.
SEE ALSO Soccer is a total madhouse 0:0 A brief scan of the soccer headlines on a Sunday...
Monday's incident added to a violent week in the wild world of soccer.
Fan violence delayed the Bastia-Lyon kickoff last Thursday for 55 minutes in the French league after local fans invaded the pitch and attacked opposition players.
Swiss police say fans of a rival club attacked the team bus of second-division Servette on Saturday as it headed home from an away match. The team's two drivers were injured by broken glass.
The most jarring attack last week occurred when elite club Borussia Dortmund's bus was hit with three explosions Tuesday on its way to a Champions League game against Monaco. Goalkeeper Roman Buerki, who was sitting next to the one player injured in the assault, defender Marc Bartra, said recently he's still having trouble sleeping.
With AP
RANDY HUGG "The Morning Mix," 6AM-10AM. Local news twice an hour, Hollywood Dirt at 6:30 & 9:30, Music News at 9:10.
Dipika & Shoaib To Start A Family Soon!
When the actor was asked about family planning, they were quoted by Spotboye as saying, "It is so funny this Mother's Day I wished so many ladies and at least 90% of them have replied, ‘Waiting for you to join (laughs).' I was like, ‘Excuse me, I just got married.' But seriously for family planning there is time... at least a year to go."
Dipika Can Put Them Career On Hold For A Baby!
When asked whether they would put their career on hold to have a baby, the actor replied, "Why not?" The actor added, "I am a complete home person."
The Actress Is A Complete Home Person
The actor further added, "If Shoaib tells me someday that, ‘Beta aap aaram karo main hoon.' I will say, ‘Ya, Ya please mujhe kaam nahi karna.' I am more than happy being home."
Shoaib On Dipika
Well, we agree that Dipika is a complete home person! Recently (before bagging Qayamat Ki Raat), when Shoaib was asked as to what's Dipika up to (as they were missing from television), they told the leading daily, "She's not alone at all. They have more time than I have with Ammi, Papa and Saba (Shoaib's parents and sister). They are a riot when together."
Marriage Is Their Priority
When asked as to when fans can watch Dipika on-screen, the actor had said that marriage is their priority, and their comeback is them call!
Police released images of a man suspected of an attempted robbery at a business near Spring Mountain Road and Jones Boulevard. (LVMPD)
Las Vegas Metro police said they are searching for an armed man suspected of attempting to rob a business in April.
On April 25 at about 2 a.m., the suspect entered a business in the area of Spring Mountain Road and Jones Boulevard, police said. They pulled out a handgun and attempted to enter the employee portion of the business. Police said, "the suspect appeared to be wanting to rob the employees." The employees did not let the suspect enter the business and they left the business in a small dark sport utility vehicle.
Police described the suspect as a Hispanic male in their early 20s, standing approximately 5'8" to 5'11" tall, and weighing between 170 and 180 pounds.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Metro's Robbery Section at 702-828-3591. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
BUSINESS
The Spanish parliament has implemented a 5 percent tax cut on gross gaming revenues (GGR) of licensed iGaming companies.
Starting July 1, taxes imposed on online gambling operators' GGR will be reduced from 25 percent to 20 percent after the Spanish parliament approved the country's 2018 budget, according to the Gambling Insider report.
Taxes on pari-mutuel sports betting are reduced to 20 percent from 22 percent, while taxes on pari-mutuel horse racing and pari-mutuel betting will rise to 20 percent from 15 percent. The new tax rate cut doesn't include iGaming companies located in the Spanish autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla in North Africa, which already enjoy a 10 percent GGR tax rate.
The lower house of the Spanish parliament, the Congress of Deputies, was the first body to propose the idea of cutting taxes on online fixed-odds sports betting, exchange betting and fixed-odds horseracing revenue.The proposal was intended to make the market more attractive to operators that have yet to acquire a Spanish license.
The plan almost didn't pan out due to the political upheaval stemming from a bribery scandal involving then-Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and the ruling party Partido Popular (PP – Conservative Centre Right). In June, Rajoy was ousted as prime minister in a vote of no confidence.
Socialist arch-rival Pedro Sanchez, who automatically took over as Prime Minister, decided to push forward with the 2018 budget—including the online gambling tax reduction—to avoid delays and keep the government services running smoothly.
A recent study conducted by consultancy firm Ficom Leisure forecast Spain's annual online gambling and betting revenue to hit €1 billion to €1.5 billion (US$1.22 billion to $1.84 billion) in the next three to five years.
Ficom anchored its analysis on Spain's 2017 online figures, with sports and casino gross gaming revenues jumping to €560 million ($687 million). Unlike other European markets, Ficom senior partner Christian Tirabassi said Spain still has plenty of room for growth.
Comments
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
VATICAN CITY (CBSMiami/AP) — Pope Francis says indigenous groups should be able to allow or deny economic activity that would affect their ancestral bands. It's a view that conflicts with the Trump administration that is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline despite opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories.
“In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail,” they said. “Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict.”
The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe.
Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said they were not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands.
“For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level,” Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done.
U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline.
Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, their climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
As giant cranes help erect more and more high rises, the Miami cityscape is growing. But along with it, the mosquito population is, too. With the rainy season here, efforts are underway to keep the mosquito population down, but a startling realization that construction growth in Miami-Dade County could be linked to possible mosquito breeding opportunities is a cause for concern.
Disease-spreading mosquitoes can breed in nearly any container that holds water. This can include items around a construction site, such as water-filled Jersey barriers, concrete floors, construction dumpsters, drums, five-gallon buckets, plastic litter, empty cans and bottles, plumbing and duct banks, elevator vaults and the like.
Here are a few ways to reduce mosquitoes at your site:
Water-filled construction barriers can breed mosquitoes, especially when rainwater enters and settles through cracks or an open drain plug. To prevent breeding habitats, cover and seal barriers properly and apply a commercially available larvicide oil or other larvicide containing Bti (Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis).
Empty construction dumpsters once per week to help break up the mosquito life cycle and treat dumpsters with Bti.
Remove unnecessary containers including construction buckets. For containers not in use, turn them upside down or store them where they will not collect rainwater.
Cans, bottles and other food and beverage containers.
Residential areas where homes are unfinished or have become abandoned are also breeding grounds. Pools that are not treated will fester with mosquito larvae and are a real health hazard.
If you live next to a foreclosed or abandoned property that has an unmaintained pool, you can contact Miami-Dade County to report a mosquito problem by calling 311 or through the 311 Direct App on your smartphone. Inspectors will visit the property within 48 hours and will let you know the results of the inspection if you provide your contact information.
This summer and year-round, Miami-Dade County will continue to be vigilant and provide pesticide applications by hand, truck and aerially when necessary to control adult mosquitoes.
Builders and developers throughout our community should do their part to prevent mosquito breeding at their construction sites. And property owners and residents all over Miami-Dade County are reminded to drain standing water around the house from toys, plant pots, garbage cans, pet bowls, etc. Specifically, bromeliads that hold water should be treated with larvicide and any persistent pooling water should be flushed or drained where possible and treated with Bti granules.
Beyond draining, cover doors, windows, porches and patios with screens wherever possible. Repair any damaged or torn screens as quickly as possible. And certainly, protect your skin with repellent and long pants and sleeves to prevent bites if you work at or near a construction site and will be outside for any length of time.
Above content provided by Miami-Dade County.
VP Pence Warns North Korea that ‘All Options are on the Table'
During a joint press conference in South Korea, Vice President Mike Pence says the United States and its allies are committed to a denuclearized Korean peninsula, and that “the era of strategic patience is over.”
A video that emerged of a taxi driver being arrested by plain clothes inspectors from the city's Taxi and Limousine Commission now has the commission investigating, as well as the attention of the Queens district attorney. Andrew Siff reports.
The Taxi and Limousine Commission says it's investigating a video of TLC inspectors surrounding a taxi driver at Kennedy Airport and appearing to handle them roughly as they arrest him.
The video, which has been making the rounds among taxi drivers, shows four inspectors in plain clothes surrounding the driver and struggling to place them under arrest. One inspector appears to put their arm around the driver's neck, who shouts, "You're hurting me!"
The incident unfolded outside Terminal 8 at JFK last Thursday, just after 6 p.m. Signs in front of the terminal are marked, "No soliciting / No unauthorized pick-up" -- but it's unclear if that's why inspectors were arresting the man.
Darryl Rogers, a driver at JFK, said the takedown looked excessive.
"That's a motor vehicle. You shouldn't have to get roughed up for a motor vehicle," they said.
Hugo Govon said, "They handcuff him, choke him, throw them on the floor -- there's like four people."
It's also unclear what the driver did in the minutes before they were arrested, or why they resisted arrest.
They said in the video they needed an ambulance, and the inspectors did get them medical attention. Sources say there were no serious injuries.
In addition to the TLC, the Queens district attorney's office says it's aware of the video and investigating.
PASADENA, CA (CBS Local) – Flippy, the burger-flipping robot cook, has returned to a California fast food chain. The new and improved Flippy is looking to erase its rocky March debut, when it got a pink slip after just one day on the job.
Miso Robotics sold burger chain CaliBurger on the idea of replacing its kitchen staff with the patty-flipping robots in 2017. “We really think of ourselves as a technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers,” CaliBurger founder John Miller said at the time.
However, Flippy's 2018 debut didn't go as planned. The automated grill operator couldn't keep up with the demand customers at the Pasadena restaurant had for a robot-cooked burger. Flippy was shut down on March 9 after its first day when it couldn't flip enough patties or properly put them on the serving trays.
“We got a little ahead of ourselves,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told USA Today, admitting they “were overwhelmed by the response.”
Flippy the robot's burgers may be better than yours https://t.co/xEtdqfgPP4 pic.twitter.com/B4zdDUVxOm — USA TODAY Tech (@usatodaytech) May 25, 2018
After two months on the shelf, Flippy's creators say the robot is ready for the kitchen again. It's already handling the chain's lunch shift, cooking burgers for three hours a day, seven days a week.
“Now they move like a ninja and is more reliable,” Zito added.
CaliBurger says that it still plans to have the upgraded Flippy robots in 50 of its locations by 2019. Each robot reportedly costs between $60,000 and $100,000.
The robotics company insisted that their robot is not meant to put humans out of work and said humans are still needed to help Flippy operate in the kitchen. “Our mission is to improve working conditions of chefs and line cooks with assistants, not replace them,” Zito said via CBS News.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
A scientist with Florida State University conducts research on Zika. Florida awarded $25 million in grants to universities and research institutes to study long-term health effects of Zika on infants born to mothers infected in pregnancy, and novel therapies, including diagnostics and a vaccine. Bill Lax FSU Photography Services
(FILES) In this file photo taken on January 20, 1989 US President George Bush dances with their wife First Lady Barbara Bush on January 20, 1989 during an inaugural ball at the Pension Building in downtown Washington, Dc after being sworn in as 41st president of the United States of America. Former US first lady Barbara Bush died Tuesday, April 17, 2018 at the age of 92, their husband's office said. "A former First Lady of the United States of America and relentless proponent of family literacy, Barbara Pierce Bush passed away Tuesday, April 17, 2018 at the age of 92," said a statement from the office of their now widower George H.W. Bush. They were married for 73 years. / AFP PHOTO / JEROME DELAYJEROME DELAY/AFP/Getty Images
On Being A Mother
The actor told the daily, "So you see, the day is fully packed. And mine is a 27-hour long day. My kids are very noisy, making me run around the house [all the time] and not letting me work. But, I've never known patience the way I have it today. I'm surprised and amazed. We've become kids with our kids."
Kashmira Loves Baby Talking
"We (actor Krushna Abhishek and she) used to find other parents irritating when they would do the baby talk or show their baby's pictures to everyone around them all the time. I'm one of those irritating parents now."
They Balance Work & Motherhood
"In fact, if anything, I want to work harder because I want my kids to know that their mum is a director, a fighter, a survivor! They should know that I have made a name in this industry with no backing. I want them to be proud of me and everything that I've done, so I am striving each day to do good roles and make better films."
Breaking The Stereotype
"Everywhere in TV and films, actors who become mothers, are treated differently. Suddenly, people will be like, ‘Oh, she's a mom, so they can't play a sex symbol role."
Kashmira Is Proud Of These Actresses
"But I feel that actors like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan have changed this notion. [The late] Sridevi changed it years ago. So, I think slowly, the women of this industry are changing the norms and I'm proud to be one of them."
For the first time in two years online streaming giant, Netflix, has raised its monthly subscription prices for UK customers.
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99, however, standard and premium membership prices are set to rise.
Standard membership will jump from £7.49 to £7.99 a month, and Premium membership set to rise from £8.99 to £9.99 for users.
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service, which currently has 104 million subscribers globally, will also be raising rates for the US, France and Germany this year.
Netflix have released a statement regarding the price hikes:
“From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster.”
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $6 billion for new productions.
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content.
SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Feb 14, 2017) - The highly acclaimed Milipol Asia-Pacific Conference, returns this year from 4 to 6 April 2017 at the Sands Expo and Convention Centre, with a world class line-up of international speakers who will be sharing their latest insights on the homeland security environment. Themed "Emerging Threats -- The Case for Collaborative Public Safety", the three-day conference will expound on how governments and private organisations can build an effective internal and cross-border collaborative approach in tackling emerging threats to homeland security.
"In current times where the threats are ever present, solutions to national security have been evolving and developing in new ways. Public and private collaborations are no longer an option but a necessity," commented Mr. Andrew Marriott, Managing Director of Comexposium Singapore. "Through Milipol Asia-Pacific 2017, we hope that attendees will not only have a better understanding of current key challenges, but also familiarise themselves with the roles that individuals can play in the areas of emergency preparedness, prevention, and recovery."
Through keynotes and interactive panels, the insightful three-day conference programme will include presentations on three important areas of ensuring national security, specifically, "Threats and Responses", "Protection and Emergency Management", and "Innovation in Tactics and Equipment".
Speaker Highlights
Leading International industry experts from Southeast Asia, Europe, Middle East, and the US form the line-up of conference speakers for the upcoming Milipol Asia-Pacific 2017. Together, they will be discussing on emerging regional threats, as well as the ways to mitigate, prevent and react to them.
Notable speakers who were directly involved with the critical response to recent emergencies caused by acts of terrorism and conflict in countries like France, Libya, Syria, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, Myanmar, Pakistan, India and Bangladesh will share their first-hand experiences, and how in the face of emerging and fast evolving threats, a complex landscape makes it necessary for the community to remain vigilant.
Day-1 Threats and Responses
Back at this year's Milipol Asia-Pacific 2017, International Terrorism Expert, Dr Rohan GUNARATNA, Head of International Centre for Political Violence and Terrorism Research (ICPVTR), and Professor of Security Studies at S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), and Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, will update delegates on the current and emerging threats in the Asia-Pacific region.
For the first time in Asia, hear from the words of key people involved in the Paris attacks as well as lessons learnt, from speakers such as Chief Superintendent Eric GIGOU, Deputy Head of the French Police Special Forces anti-terrorism unit, and Chief Superintendent Dimitri KALININE, Central Commissioner of the 3rd Arrondissement and head of the Night Service Anti-Criminality Brigade, Paris Prefecture of Police, France.
Day-2 Protection and Emergency Management
Learn the evolving roles and workings of Counter-Terrorism Intelligence in regional security from Datuk Ayob KHAN Bin Mydin Pitchay, head of the Royal Malaysia Police (PDRM) counter-terrorism division.
Further anticipated highlights not to be missed is the exclusive session by James LE MESURIER, director of the Syria Civil Defence support programme. The White Helmets as they are known as credited with saving more than 80,000 lives amidst the ongoing crisis in Syria. In addition to introducing the Developments in Civil Protection in Syria, they will also be sharing some of their extraordinary experiences on the ground since 2012.
Day-3 Innovation in Tactics and Equipment
Other panellists include, Director-General Dr Rakesh MARIA, who will discuss the latest intelligence and analytics involved in counter-terrorism intelligence, and Deputy Inspector General (Chief) Monirul ISLAM from Bangladesh. In their first conference stage appearance in Southeast Asia, the man behind the creation of Dhaka Metropolitan Police's special CounterTerrorism Unit will lead us through the dark but real issue of The Evolving Terrorist Mind set.
With over 400 attendees from more than 30 countries expected, the region's flagship homeland security conference supported by the Ministry of Home Affairs, Singapore and the Ministry of the Interior of France is the premier event for all Trade and Professional Security Practitioners to attend.
Workshops
In addition to the highlights of the main conference programme, there will also be a series of events taking place concurrently on site, as part of the Milipol Asia-Pacific exhibition. This includes the Drone Asia 2017 conference (5 April), Securex-Asia 2017 (5 & 6 April), and the IED Workshop 2017 (6 April).
For more information and to register for the conference, please visit http://www.milipolasiapacific.com/conference/overview/speakers
Note to Editors
What: Milipol Asia-Pacific 2017 When: 4 - 6 April 2017 Where: Sands Expo and Convention Centre,
10 Bayfront Ave, Singapore 018956, Level 1 Tickets: Free admission to public for the Exhibition.
Conference Passes automatically gives free access to the Exhibition.
Conference Passes Non-Government/
Commercial
Organisation Public / Government &
Military FULL 3-DAY Conference pass SGD 1,275 SGD 950 SINGLE DAY Conference Pass Option to choose 1 or 2 days only.
Rate is on Per Day basis. SGD 800 SGD 550
Some listed are exclusively speaking at the conference for the first-time in Asia, the speaker line-up of leading practitioners and industry experts includes:
Milipol Asia-Pacific 2017 Conference Chairman
KHOO Boon Hui
Singapore Police Commissioner (1997 - 2010)
INTERPOL President (2008 - 2012)
Co-Chair, Annual US-Singapore Law Enforcement Homeland Security and Safety Co-operation Dialogue (2014 - 2016)
Alexander SIEDSCHLAG
Chair Homeland Security Programmes, The Pennsylvania State University
Ali SOUFAN
Chairman & President, The Soufan Group, USA
A former FBI Supervisory Special Agent who investigated and supervised highly sensitive and complex international terrorism cases, including the East Africa Embassy Bombings, the attack on the USS Cole, and the events surrounding 9/11
Active Shooters and the Need for an Inter-Agency Response (Bataclan Case)
Eric GIGOU
Deputy Head, Anti-Terrorism Unit, Police Special Forces, France
Recherche, Assistance, Intervention, Dissuasion (RAID), France
Hervé TOURMENTE
Deputy Director, Directorate General of Civil Security and Crisis Management, France
Direction Général de la Sécurité Civile et de la Gestion des Crises (DGSCGC), France
The Evolution in Civil Protection
James LE MESURIER
Founder & Director, Mayday Rescue Foundation, The Netherlands
Mr Le Mesurier is the architect of the Nobel Peace Prize nominated Syria Civil Defence (aka The White Helmets), credited with saving more than 80,000 lives amidst the ongoing crisis in Syria
Current and Emerging Threats in the Asia-Pacific
Dr Rohan GUNARATNA
Head of International Centre for Political Violence and Terrorism Research (ICPVTR), Singapore
Professor of Security Studies, S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technology University, Singapore
The Evolving Terrorist Mindset (Dhaka Suicide Bombers Case and the Suppression of IS Penetration in Bangladesh)
Director Inspector General Monirul ISLAM
Deputy Inspector General (Chief), Counter-Terrorism and Transnational Crime Unit (CTTC) Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP), Bangladesh
Counter-Terrorism Intelligence (26/11 Mumbai Attacks)
Director-General Dr Rakesh MARIA
Director-General, Home Guard, India
Former Police Commissioner, Mumbai, India
*Programme may be subjected to changes.
About Milipol Asia-Pacific
In 2015 the GIE Milipol, Comexposium and GSA Exhibitions Pte Ltd announced the partnership between Global Security Asia and the Milipol Events. After the 2015 edition of the Global Security Asia exhibition and conference, the event was renamed Milipol Asia Pacific, so creating the world's leading international network of exhibitions dedicated to solutions, technologies and innovations for homeland security.
For over 30 years, the MILIPOL brand has been synonymous with the highest quality, international events focused on Homeland Security. Over the years, the brand has proudly presented Milipol Paris and Milipol Qatar.
A daredevil plummeted to their death during a risky stunt near the top of a 62-story building in China, according to new reports.
Wu Yongning, 26, who called themselves “China's First Rooftopper,” plunged from the Huayuan International Centre in Changsha, the capital of Hunan province in central China, on Nov. 8, AsiaWire reported.
A month later, Yongning's girlfriend and family members confirmed their death.
A viral video clip, which racked up more than 15 million views on Chinese social media, shows Yongning — who had already reached the roof of the skyscraper — lowering themselves over the edge of the building to do a pull-up stunt. But when they tried to hoist themselves back up, they struggled for a few moments before losing their grip and plummeting down the side of the building.
The camera phone that they had set up to record the stunt quickly lost sight of him.
Authorities describe the fatal fall as an accident and have ruled out foul play, according to the report. Police believe they plunged about 45 feet onto a terrace and died of their injuries either during or right after the plunge.
Their girlfriend, identified only as “Jinjin,” told the outlet that they believe Yongning took an elevator “over 40 floors” and began their climb “nearly 20 more floors” until they reached the spot where they filmed.
The building is only open to the public until the 44th floor — beyond that, key cards are needed to access the Grand Hyatt Hotel, according to the report.
Yongning would have received 100,000 yuan — about $15,000 — for the stunt, their family told the Xiaoxiang Morning Herald. It is unclear who was offering that prize.
“He planned to propose to their girlfriend [the day after the challenge],” Yongning's stepuncle Feng Shengliang told the South China Morning Post. “He needed the money for the wedding, and for medical treatment for their ailing mother.”
One friend commended Yongning's selflessness in a post on the Chinese social media site Weibo.
“You are one of those people in this world, you will do anything for your loved ones, absolutely anything,” the user wrote, according to the BBC.
But others criticized them for the reckless act.
“Why would you seek attention in such a dangerous way, just for your fans?” another person posted.
Yongning was known for scaling skyscrapers without any safety equipment — just their own “martial arts training and careful planning,” one of their Weibo posts said, according to the outlet. They shared nearly 300 videos of their death-defying acts.
ABC Image Group LA(INDIO) — Lady Gaga is making the most of their Coachella appearances. The “Million Reasons” singer will also be shooting scenes for their upcoming A Star Is Born to remake, along with co-star/director Bradley Cooper.
On Sunday, Warner Brothers tweeted a message inviting fans to “Be there when @ladygaga films for A #StarIsBorn on the #Coachella grounds nxt wk!used,” and a link with all the details. The singer also used Coachella's mobile app to relay the offer.
Shooting will take place Tuesday and Wednesday on the festival grounds, and participants are instructed to wear Denim and boots for the scene that will depict a country concert, according to the announcement. Attendees also are ordered to “Leave those pink Joanne hats at home” — a reference to the bright pink cowboy hat Gaga sports on their Joanne album.
Participants must be at least 18 years of age and admission to the filming costs $10, with all proceeds going to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
This will mark the third remake of A Star Is Born, which originally came out in 1937. The first remake, in 1954, starred Judy Garland. A second, featuring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson, was released in 1976.
A Star Is Born, starring Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper, is slated for a 2018 release.
Lady Gaga is also scheduled to give a second Coachella performance next Saturday.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo, says the Federal Government plans to establish modular refineries to engage youths involved in illegal oil refining in the Niger Delta. This, according to Osinbajo will discourage illegal refining in the region. The acting President made this known at a stakeholders meeting with members of the Progressives Congress (APC), Rivers […]
Financial support behind the Wisconsin FFA continues to reach high levels.
Source: WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Trolls Are Trying To Trick People Into Thinking This Purple Bird Facebook Stick Is A Secret Nazi Symbol
https://www.buzzfeed.com/bradesposito/trash-bir...
This is really, really dumb and confusing.
President Trump's national security adviser, Gen. Michael Flynn, resigned Monday night due to the fact they had not disclosed their conversations with the Russian ambassador before President Trump's inauguration.
Tight Mundelein mayor's race could be decided Tuesday
hello
Holly Kim, left, and Steve Lentz, right, could learn Tuesday who has won their tightly contested race for Mundelein mayor
Tuesday could be the day Holly Kim and Steve Lentz learn which of them won Mundelein's tightly contested mayoral race in the April 4 election.
Starting at noon, employees in the Lake County clerk's office in Waukegan will prepare and then count ballots that were mailed to the office by Election Day but arrived afterward. They'll also count any valid provisional ballots given to voters on Election Day because of questions about eligibility.
The results will affect final vote tallies in more races than just the Kim-Lentz showdown in Mundelein.
Unofficial Lake County results show 28 races in which one candidate's vote count is within 95 percent of a leading opponent's total.
They include races for seats on village boards in Antioch, Barrington Hills, Vernon Hills and Mundelein; the Lake Zurich Unit School District 95 board; the Wauconda Unit School District 118 board; and the Libertyville School District 70 board.
None are as high profile as the Mundelein mayor's race, in which first-term incumbent Lentz was challenged by Kim, a first-term trustee.
As of Election Day, unofficial results showed Lentz leading Kim by 13 votes. A third candidate, Ray Ladewig, is far behind.
Depending on the results, the trailing candidate could request a discovery recount after Tuesday. The discovery recount would not change the election results, but could give the candidate evidence to show a judge, who then could order a full recount, a new election or reverse the results.
The clerk's office received more than 1,000 valid ballots through the mail after Election Day, from voters throughout the county, Clerk Carla Wyckoff said. The office also has about 80 valid provisional ballots from Lake County voters.
Here's what will happen Tuesday, according to Wyckoff:
• Once the day's mail arrives with any final late-arriving ballots, election judges will gather in the clerk's office. This will be about noon.
• All the late arriving mailed ballots and provisional ballots will be opened, flattened, initialed and inspected for write-in votes. Those votes will be tallied.
• Once that's complete, the ballots will be secured.
• At 5 p.m., the ballots will be electronically counted and the results will be uploaded to the county's voting database. Any write-in votes will be totaled and added to the database.
• The totals on the Lake County clerk's website, lakecountyil.gov/317/Election-Results, will be updated accordingly.
"We plan to upload the results as soon as the tabulation is complete," Wyckoff said.
The vote counts will be finalized Wednesday when the results are canvassed by the county.
If any of the races result in a tie, Illinois law says a random generator -- coin flips, cutting cards or choosing straws, for example -- can determine the victor.
Investigators look at the boat that Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez was aboard that crashed earlier this morning into the jetty on South Beach on Sunday, Sept. 25, 2016. Patrick Farrell PFarrell@miamiherald.com
By Lawani Mikairu
Lagos—ONE hundred and sixty-one Nigerians, who have been stranded in Libya voluntarily returned to the country yesterday on board an Airbus 329 with registration number Nouvelair TS-INB.
The returnees journey back to Nigeria was facilitated by International Oganisation for Migration, IOM, after the Federal Government asked for its assistance after confirming that some Nigerians were willing to return home.
The aircraft conveying the returnees landed at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, MMIA, around 3:30pm yesterday aboard the chartered aircraft and the returnees were received at the Hajj Terminal by the National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA.
The group was made up of 101 females and 60 males, seven children, and two infants. There were also three unaccompanied minors while three of the deportees needed medical care.
Addressing newsmen at the Hajj Camp wing of the airport where the returnees were profiled, the Director General of NEMA, Alhaji Mohammed Sidi, represented by the Deputy Director, Search and Rescue, Dr. Abdullahi Onimode, said the deportees would be given some token to go back to their respective destinations. They also advised those leaving the country in search of greener pastures to have a rethink and stay in the country to develop it.
The NEMA boss said, “We are giving them some stipends. We need to let them realize that the country they left some years ago is not the same country they are meeting today. We have moved ahead and everybody now has equal opportunity to be the best you can be.”
Some of the deportees who appeared trumatised said they will never leave Nigeria again.
One of them who gave their name as Stanley Nduh told Vanguard that the Libya police hung them upside down after beating them mercilessly. They said they were not allowed to take any property they acquired from doing odd jobs.
The post 161 Nigerians deported from Libya arrive in Lagos Airport appeared first on Vanguard News.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
On The Kicker this week, we discuss White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer's job performance to date. Spicer's gaffe in comparing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to Adolf Hitler was only the latest in a string of controversies emerging from behind the lectern in the Brady Briefing Room. Then, we have some fun imagining the life of a journalist in 2027. The impetus for the conversation was a recently published CJR story on the impact of artificial intelligence on journalism.
Finally, author and Columbia Journalism School professor Todd Gitlin talks with Dave about the media's love affair with war. Gitlin is a fierce critic of the manner in which journalists—both in print and especially on television—report on events like last week's missile strike in Syria. They and Dave discuss the historical context for this concern, and how the media could better cover military action.
Subscribe via iTunes · Stitcher · SoundCloud · Overcast · RSS Feed
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
SHOW NOTES:
Follow The Kicker on Twitter and email us suggestions for guests and discussion topics at TheKicker@CJR.org.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR Delacorte Fellow. Follow them on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
× Mariah Carey: Dick Clark Productions slams ‘defamatory' and ‘outrageous' allegations they were sabotaged
NEW YORK — Mariah Carey's botched New Year's Eve performance is turning into an even bigger controversy.
Carey's team is blaming Dick Clark Productions, the production company behind the annual “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special on ABC, saying the company “set them up to fail.” And Dick Clark Productions is firing back.
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists. To suggest that DCP, as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd,” Dick Clark Productions said in a statement provided to CNN.
The statement continued: “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that [Dick Clark Productions] had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Their response comes after Carey's team spoke to Billboard magazine and claimed that Carey, who had attended a rehearsal earlier in the day, had alerted Dick Clark Productions that their ear piece was not working. Carey's publicist, Nicole Perna, said that their client “was not winging this moment and took it very seriously” and added, “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna separately said to CNN, “There was a production issue. Technical difficulties. Unfortunately there was nothing they could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances.”
As for Carey singing along to a track, a source close to them said: “It is not uncommon for artists to sing to track during certain live performances.”
Carey took the stage shortly before midnight for a three song set, first performing “Auld Lang Syne” before moving to their own song, the 1991 hit “Emotions.” That's when things started visibly going downhill. While the track played, Carey told the audience that a proper sound check had not taken place and opted to let those in the crowd sing their lyrics. After walking off stage in a huff after attempting to sing their hit, “We belong together,” Carey took to Instagram to post a meme with the caption: Sh** happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
Shit happens 😩 Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!🎉 Here's to making more headlines in 2017 😂 A video posted by Mariah Carey (@mariahcarey) on Dec 31, 2016 at 11:10pm PST
Video
A teenager who has tried to take their own life says they use a boxing gym as an escape.
Kirsty, 16, started self-harming following problems at home - but says Gunn's Gym in Birstall, Leicestershire, has helped tackle their problems.
The gym has the largest number of girls of any boxing gym in Europe.
If you are affected by these issues, please contact the Samaritans on the free helpline 116 123 or visit the website.
Inside Out East Midlands is on BBC One on Monday at 19:30 and on iPlayer afterwards.
Being called a “faker” is an insult that stings. We resent fakers — and for good reason. We see “faking it” as lying in action a way to dupe the gullible. And we hate to find ourselves among the gullible.
Not surprisingly, nobody wants to be perceived as a faker, and nobody wants a faker on their team.
Yet, it turns out that, the ability to “fake it” — as a mental tool rather than a way to scam — is a powerful engine of career change and the self-reinvention it requires. It means stepping into a role you aren't quite prepared for and retooling yourself for it on the fly — drawing on the assets you already have and accepting your inevitable stumbles along the way as part of the process.
Understanding your stumbles this way, as well as developing a tolerance for the uncomfortable feelings that come with “faking it,” are valuable competitive assets in any self-reinvention. Of course, the ability to reinvent oneself is increasingly important nowadays, as artificial intelligence and other technological advances are launching waves of career upheaval and opportunity in many economic sectors.
Read: This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years
In the years (and possibly months) to come, many jobs will be revamped, redefined, or even outright eliminated—and not just those of truck drivers and call center operators. A torrent of change is coming for lawyers, doctors, and others with years of expensive professional training — training which doesn't make them immune from the job-plundering waves of new technologies.
Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. (1:46) Osaka University and NTT Laboratories recently created the first "discussion dialogue" androids - the only robots that have human-like independent cognitive abilities, as opposed to scripted speech.
Yet another common driver of career reinvention is job dissatisfaction. We may recognize — sometimes midcareer — that the job we're in is a poor fit for our personality or needs.
Masters of self-reinvention — call them “mindshifters” — realize that the first step of breaking out of career dead zones and doing any kind of reinvention generally involves feeling like a fake. The psychological term for these feelings is the “impostor syndrome.”
These feelings of imposterhood often arise when we're learning something new. After all, we usually are less competent than others who are further down the new path we're taking. Psychologists commonly say that these feelings of imposterhood are bad — that we shouldn't be thinking of how we're not on a par with others; we should instead be mustering feelings of confidence in ourselves and our ability to succeed.
Rachael Oakley Author Barbara Oakley
Master mindshifters know better. Rather than seeking to squash feelings of imposterhood, they embrace these feelings. Learning a new discipline is fostered by a “beginners' mind” — an open willingness to grow and change. Such a mindset is—oddly enough—harder to achieve when you're confident. Although confidence is important in long-term success, it may impede the openness to learning from others that is an integral part of growing into a new career.
In fact, overconfidence has killed many a potential personal reinvention. When combined with a shortage of competence, it's dashed the plans of would-be restaurateurs. New non-profits go under when the well-meaning management team has an overly rosy view about financing their helpful intentions. Even scientists crash and burn. A distinguished professor of physics decided to shift to neuroscience. They set up a lab, got a post-doctoral assistant, and launched into research—but eventually found their lab shut down because they were too dedicated to their version of reality to learn from others in their new discipline.
Of course, if you fear career change because you're starting from home plate in a field where others are already on third base, you're not alone. The reality is, whether you're switching from working as a language translator to becoming a mechanical engineer, or from being an Uber driver into computer programming, you have underlying meta-skills you can transfer over to enhance your new career. (Yes, even if you're an Uber driver. Being able to talk easily and comfortably with others is an invaluable skill that many computer programmers envy—and need.)
During any career change or personal reinvention, you will inevitably have times—sometimes frequently—where you feel like a fake. Don't shove them away. Embrace those feelings and use them to retain your openness. Meanwhile, keep going and growing. Eventually, you should look up from your new job and realize that you've reinvented yourself—and have indeed become the expert you had been pretending to be.
Barbara Oakley, PhD, is the Ramón y Cajal Distinguished Scholar of Global Digital Learning, McMaster University, and the author of the new book “Mindshift: Break Through Obstacles to Learning and Discover Your Hidden Potential” (Tarcher-Perigee, 2017).
Paul Valade | Staff Photographer
Joe Yamour of Hawthorn Woods walks alongside their 3-year-old son, Conrad, as they enjoy a pony ride at the Lake Zurich Independence/Family Day at Paulus Park on Wednesday. A Zoo to You in Marengo provided the pony rides and petty zoo for the annual event.
The wreck happened just before 1:30 p.m. at mile marker 235. Both lanes are blocked, and traffic is passing on the shoulder.
Emergency crews expect the wreck to be clear by 2:15 p.m.
The suspect in February's massacre at Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School made disturbing cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
Nikolas Cruz introduces themselves in the first video and says they are “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland.
“When you see me on the news you'll know who I am,” Cruz says while laughing. Cruz recorded three separate clips on their cell phone.
“You're all going to die. Pew pew pew. I can't wait.”
The video clips were released by Florida prosecutors, according to the Miami Herald.
WARNING: The content in the video may be disturbing to some viewers. Viewer discretion is strongly advised.
“I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (p.m.). From there I'll go into — onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man — what is it? — the main courtyard, wait, and people will die,” they say.
The 19-year-old former was identified as the suspect in the shooting at a Florida high school that left 17 people dead and 15 others wounded. It was the third deadliest school shooting in U.S. history, after Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook.
Investigators discovered the videos on Cruz's cellphone, which was taken into evidence after the shooting, according to CNN . The videos are listed on the prosecution's discovery list. Authorities didn't say when the videos were recorded.
“He knew what they were doing,” said Andrew Pollack , father of Meadow Pollack, a senior who was killed. Pollack said that Cruz won't be able to claim at trial that they were insane or that they didn't know what they were doing, CNN reports. “It's all premeditated murder.”
Prosecutors announced on March 13 that they will seek the death penalty against Cruz, saying the crime “was committed in a cold, calculated and premeditated manner” that was “especially heinous, atrocious or cruel.” Cruz appeared in court March 14 where the victims' emotional families saw them for the first time.
In the days following the mass shooting, law enforcement agencies and officers came under fire after news emerged that there were allegedly many red flags leading up to the massacre that were all essentially ignored and not acted upon. The New York Times reported that a woman called the FBI a month before the shooting spree to warn authorities about Cruz. Cruz was allegedly violent since a young age, and that violence became more and more prevalent as they became a teenager.
According to CNN , neighbors were concerned about their behavior since they were 9-years-old, but as they grew up “he showed a propensity for violence toward small animals, expressed enthusiasm about guns and knives and even began introducing themselves as “a school shooter.”
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in Beijing's Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Circus Circus Hotel and Casino will be even extra “circus” on Wednesday night as 12 professional drone racers compete inside the Adventuredome.
The unique backdrop and obstacle course is one of seven stops on the Drone Racing League's professional race circuit leading up to the world championship finale in Saudi Arabia come September.
At 90 miles per hour, the drones will be spiraling through the loops of the Adventuredome's roller coaster, nose-diving down the 120-foot drop and weaving in and out of the floating pirate ship.
“Circus Circus and The Adventuredome are excited to team up with the Drone Racing League to be part of their 2018 DRL Allianz World Championship circuit,” said Tom Nolan, vice president of The Adventuredome Operations. “The Adventuredome is an ideal venue for this type of event as it provides a unique landscape of obstacles that will test the drone pilots' skills as they race up, down and around our five-acre amusement park,” they added.
In order to earn a spot in the world championship finale, the drone racers must win one of the races in the circuit. They will be seated a special area during the race wearing headgear. The drones are all equipped with cameras so the pilots can see where they're flying.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
PIQUA — Edison State Community College invites community members to Poem In Your Pocket Day at noon Thursday, April 26, in East Hall room 456 at the Piqua Campus. The event is free.
Area poets are invited to bring a poem to read to the audience at this annual event, where the featured poet will be Myrna Stone.
Stone is the author of five full-length books of poetry, including, most recently, “Luz Bones” from Etruscan Press. The recipient of three Ohio Arts Council grants, a fellowship to Vermont Studio Center, and the 2001 Ohio Poet of the Year award, Stone's poetry has appeared in over 50 journals.
In “Luz Bones,” they explore historic characters such as Eng and Chang, famous twins joined at the sternum; actor and sex symbol Mae West; and theologian Martin Luther.
A collection on which Stone is now working takes them to burial plots where grave robbers are unearthing corpses.
For more information, contact Dr. Vivian Blevins by emailing vblevins@edisonohio.edu or calling 778-3815.
AFTER a bumper weekend which yielded six bonus points wins and a draw for local sides, Limerick's seven senior clubs go in search of further Ulster Bank League points this Saturday.
In Division 1A, third-placed Garryowen will look to follow up on their stunning 51-17 win over Clontarf last weekend when travelling to Lakelands to take on table toppers Terenure College.
Garryowen, with two wins from their opening three fixtures in the top flight, trail leaders ‘Nure by four points.
Conan Doyle's side ran in six tries in all last weekend against ‘Tarf when their starting line-up included the Munster duo of hooker Mike Sherry and centre Sam Arnold.
Prediction: Terenure College
Also in 1A, Young Munster, fresh from their opening win of the campaign secured away to Buccaneers last weekend, host winless Dublin University at Clifford Park on Saturday.
Munsters', who secured a bonus point victory at Buccs', scored five tries with flanker Ben Kilkenny helping themselves to a brace of scores.
With the league taking a break for three weeks after Saturday's fourth series of fixtures, Munsters' will be fiercely determined to sign off on the first series of fixtures with a win.
Prediction: Young Munster
In Division 1B, high-flying Shannon will look to sign off on the first phase of the league with a fourth successive win.
Shannon sit proudly on top of 1B on 13 points after three successive wins. Tom Hayes' charges, who secured an impressive 34-17 bonus point away win over Old Wesley last time out, host Munster rivals Dolphin on the back pitch at Thomond Park this Saturday.
Shannon's lead at the top of 1B is a single point ahead of Naas and Banbridge.
Prediction: Shannon
Also in Division 1B, UL-Bohemian, boosted by their opening win of the campaign at home to Ballymena last weekend, make the long trip to Ballynahinch this Saturday.
Christy Neilan's Red, Red Robins now sit in sixth place in the table after three series of 1B fixtures. The Annacotty side scored five tries last weekend, with Munster scrum half James Hart among those to dot down. Hart also kicked a penalty and four conversions for good measure.
Prediction: Ballynahinch
In Division 2B, Old Crescent will look to maintain their excellent start to the league when hosting Wanderers in a top-of-the-table clash at Rosbrien.
Second-placed Crescent currently trail 2B leaders Wanderers by a single point after three series of games.
Crescent had an emphatic 36-5 win over Dungannon last week-end, inspired by a hat-trick of tries from vastly experienced back-rower Brendan Guilfoyle. The Limerick side also had a brace of tries from Brian Tuohy.
Prediction: Old Crescent
Meanwhile, in Division 2C, Thomond. on the back of their excellent 28-25 bonus point victory over Seapoint at Liam Fitzgerald Park last weekend, make the long trip to Bangor. Thomond's try-haul against Seapoint included a hat-trick from Dean O'Brien, while Aleksandr Slijepcevic also dotted down.
Bangor were 15-8 away winners over Midleton last time out.
Prediction: Thomond
Also in 2C, sixth-placed Bruff are also on the road to winless Tullamore. Bruff secured a 20-20 draw with Sligo last time out.
Tullamore suffered a 31-22 defeat away to Malahide last time out.
Prediction: Bruff
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- On Tuesday the NCAA will announce host cities for the next four years of championships in every sport – with Kansas City in the running to win several of these bids.
This year alone, Kansas City will see a $55-million boost to the economy for hosting an NCAA Basketball Regional, Division II Football and soccer, and the Women's Volleyball finals.
The Kansas City Sports Commission turned in bids for 55 championships between the fall of 2018 and spring of 2022. The nine sports are basketball, volleyball, football, hockey, soccer, cross-country, wrestling, gymnastics and bowling.
"When we put a bid together, we put a page in our bid that says, if you award us wrestling, for instance, we have someone on staff who was a collegiate wrestler," said. Kathy Nelson, KCSC President and CEO. "We have someone else on staff who worked on the Olympic trials for the University of Iowa. And they know how to run the event."
Four years ago, Kansas City won hosting duties for 13 championships and two rounds of basketball – more than any other city in the nation – and there are several reasons for this. One, Kansas City shows up. Sports Commission officials say we do a great job of buying up tickets and filling seats for these events. For example, Kansas City sold out the Basketball Regional before Christmas while other venues still had tickets for sale up to the last minute.
Secondly, the entire city works as a team with set-up, security and creating a great experience for the athletes. Finally, it's all about location. Being in the center of the country means schools don't have a travel all day to get to a championship venue.
"Being central centrally located is very helpful," Nelson added. "Being a three-hour flight anywhere in the country is a huge game changer for people because if your student athlete in Florida and you were event is in Seattle, that's a long travel day."
The NCAA will make their announcement around noon.
"There's a lot of publicity, there's a lot of media exposure, but there's also that direct dollar spend in our community," Nelson said. "These people are coming to our community, staying for two, three, four nights, spending money on a hotel, eating out, using transportation, and they're realizing what Kansas City is all about."
FOX 4 will let you know how many championships Kansas City gets to host – and whether we get more than the 13 bids we won last time.
Have You Been 'Pwned' in a Hack Attack? Troy Hunt Can Tell
Troy Hunt has collected a trove of 4.8 billion stolen identity records pulled from the darkest corners of the internet -- but they aren't a hacker.
Instead, they use that repository to help ordinary people navigate the growing scourge of the corporate data breach. All that personal information was originally taken from brand-name services such as LinkedIn, Kickstarter, Dropbox, MySpace and the cheating website Ashley Madison, and later assembled by Hunt.
Working barefoot and in beachwear from their home office on Australia's Gold Coast, the amiable security researcher set up their irreverent website, "Have I Been Pwned?" (POHND), in 2013. Millions of people have since used the free service to see if hackers have liberated their personal details from unwary companies and posted them online.
Along the way, Hunt has become a close student of data breaches and the slipshod security that makes many companies easy prey for attackers. He's exposed several such thefts himself, in some cases identifying them before the companies themselves did.
Surrounded by their players Friday night after Peach County's game with Perry, Trojans head coach Chad Campbell told them they were proud of them.
They had every reason to be.
The Trojans bounced back from their tough loss last week to Warner Robins with a dominant performance against the Panthers, winning 47-19. After the Panthers (1-1) tied it at 7 a little more than halfway through the first quarter, the Trojans (2-1) scored 40 unanswered points to cruise to the win.
Four who mattered
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Antonio Gilbert: The Trojans' quarterback was in control throughout, completing 26-of-38 passes for 292 yards and one touchdown. They also rushed for 50 yards and a touchdown.
Chris Gibson: The senior running back had four rushing touchdowns and 79 yards on 14 carries, and they also had four catches for 32 yards.
Kearis Jackson: The standout wide receiver and Georgia commit caught six passes for 108 yards and for the second straight week had a long kickoff return that they almost broke for a touchdown.
Jay Watkins: The Perry running back had seven carries for 74 yards and a touchdown and three catches for 60 yards and another score.
Observations
Spreading it around: Gilbert completed passes to eight receivers, and overall, the Trojans had 10 receivers catch at least one pass.
Controlling the action: Peach County ran 71 plays for 466 yards, while Perry had 49 plays for 149 yards.
Taking advantage of mistakes: Peach County had not forced a turnover in its first two games, but it forced four against Perry. The Trojans turned three of those into points with two touchdowns and an interception.
Worth mentioning
Controlling the series: Peach County leads the all-time series 33-9, and Perry has beaten Peach County just once since 1989.
They said it
Peach County head coach Chad Campbell on turning turnovers into points: “I stressed that. We hadn't had a turnover this year. We hadn't caused a turnover this year, and that was one of our main focuses of getting the ball and letting the offense do something with it.”
Gilbert on bouncing back from last week's three-point loss: “It felt good. Losing by a field goal, most of it was mental mistakes last game. So, I think we did better this game.”
Perry head coach Kevin Smith on the loss: “Well, we were outmanned (Friday). Peach County's got a real good football team, and we came out and competed. We tried to compete, and we made a few plays. They just made a lot more plays than we did.”
What's next?
Perry hosts Harris County on Friday, while Peach County travels to Mary Persons.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Chance, the Vegas Golden Knights mascot, arrives in a Batmobile prior to Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Fans wait to get in for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights fans cheer outside T-Mobile Arena prior to Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights (all times local):
5:35 p.m.
The Vegas Golden Knights lit the lamp first, scoring midway through the opening period of Game 2 just as they did in the Stanley Cup Final opener.
James Neal got behind Washington's defense and sent a wrist shot from the left circle past Braden Holtby 7:58 into the game.
Vegas also took a 1-0 lead in Game 1, striking first when Colin Miller scored 7:15 into a game the Golden Knights ended up winning 6-4.
The expansion Golden Knights entered the game 11-1 when scoring first in the playoffs.
It was 98 degrees at game time in Las Vegas.
___
5:25 p.m.
Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is under way in Las Vegas.
Imagine Dragons kicked up the pregame festivities a notch, playing its hit "Whatever It Takes," following the Vegas Golden Knights' elaborate show that precedes each game.
The Washington Capitals trail Vegas 1-0 but are used to playing from behind. Washington fell behind in each of the first three rounds and rallied to win.
The Capitals opened the playoffs with two losses to Columbus before roaring back to win four straight. They lost Game 1 in the second round against Pittsburgh before bouncing back with a win in Game 2 and eliminating the two-time defending champion Penguins in Game 6.
Washington won its first two games against Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals, but then lost three straight, forcing the franchise to win two decisive games to advance.
If the Capitals end up winning the Final, they will join the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins as the only Stanley Cup champions to trail in every series.
___
4:20 p.m.
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final, fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert.
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town. Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends.
The Golden Knights' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold.
___
2:15 p.m.
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after they passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Don't let traffic eclipse once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
hello
Don't forget basic traffic rules when the solar eclipse comes to Illinois Aug. 21. Associated Press
Do enjoy that celestial, once-in-a-lifetime, transformative experience watching the solar eclipse Aug. 21.
But don't get too star-struck, traffic experts say.
Aiming to prevent traffic hazards, the Illinois Department of Transportation is warning motorists not to pull over on the side of the road for a gander or to watch while behind the wheel.
"The better option is to find a safe place to park, and then observe the eclipse," AAA's Beth Mosher advised. "The peak darkness phase will last just two to three minutes. NASA has created an interactive map that allows you to view when the eclipse will be visible in your area."
What else? Do use your headlights in dark conditions and don't take photos or wear special viewing glasses while driving, IDOT's Guy Tridgell said. Drivers should also look out for pedestrians trying to watch the eclipse and motorists that may become distracted when the event occurs, Mosher noted.
Up to 200,000 people are expected to flock to the Carbondale area in southern Illinois, considered a prime viewing spot for the eclipse. That's because this location will experience a full eclipse in which the moon completely blocks the sun; northeast Illinois will get a partial eclipse.
Interstate 57 is expected to handle the bulk of the traffic along with Routes 51 and 13. IDOT will be opening lanes closed for construction from Aug. 18 to Aug. 22.
"We anticipate that traffic volumes will be heavier in the days leading up to and after the eclipse," Illinois State Police Master Sgt. Mike Link said. "I would advise motorists to be patient and to plan for extra travel time."
But once you hit the metro region, "we are not expecting any traffic outside the normal patterns on eclipse day in the Chicago area," IDOT's Tridgell said.
One more thing: If you didn't book a hotel room in southern Illinois, is it OK to doze at rest stops? Yes and no, IDOT answered. "Our rule is rest area visits are not to exceed three hours -- even less time if the facility is busy. They are not places to camp or park long term," Tridgell said.
To learn more, go to idot.illinois.gov/home/solar-eclipse.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of "Chanda MamaDoor Ke" due to date conflicts but plans to develop their own space movie, according to a release. The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what they claim would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
"Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. They have unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help them understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give their dates to this project (Chanda Mama...) since they have their hands full with many projects.
"Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama...) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success," Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama Son Chiriya, in which they will be seen sharing screen space with Bhumi Pednekar. They have also wrapped up the shoot of Kedarnath, which marks the debut of Saif Ali Khan's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. Apart from Son Chiriya & Kedarnath, they will also be seen in upcoming films, Drive and the remake of 'Fault In Our Stars'.
Delighted manager Rudy Funk was keen to praise the performance of their side after a 4-2 victory at Parkgate FC saw AFC Mansfield climb to the summit of the Northern Counties East League.
Goals from a quartet of Nick Guest, Lynton Karkach, Ollie Fearon and Cameron Dear secured all three points on a chilly Saturday afternoon for the Bulls.
That took them to the top of the Premier Division, leapfrogging Handsworth Parramore, whose big clash with Worksop Town fell victim to the weather.
Third-placed Pontefract Collieries, however, have four matches in hand and are just three points behind the new leaders.
While snow fell across many parts of the country, causing every other fixture in the division to be abandoned, this standalone match allowed Funk's side to cruise to the top of the league.
Funk said: “At the end of the day, the desire to actually make it to the top of the league means more to me than anything.
“Apart from a 15-minute spell in the first half where we rode out luck somewhat, the lads throughout were absolutely outstanding.”
While the Bulls dominated the majority of the game, Parkgate managed to salvage two goals themselves — courtesy of a Nathan Joynes second-half brace.
Funk, reflecting on that, said: “To be fair to Parkgate, Billy Fox has come in and made a few changes.
“They are a different side now and it's clear to see the results will follow suit.”
However, the hosts were unable to shut out the visitors as Guest opened the scoring in the eighth minute, slipping the ball under shot-stopper Jamie Housley.
Lynton Karkach then doubled the Bulls' advantage four minutes after the interval, before Ollie Fearon netted their 30th goal of the season.
The striker's bending effort was watched by keeper Housley all the way into the top corner on 66 minutes.
Joynes ignited a small flame of hope for the home side in the 77th minute when they tapped the ball home.
But Dear extinguished any hopes of a Parkgate fightback with a sublime effort four minutes from time.
Joynes grabbed their second with a close-range header, but it was ultimately a consolation goal as the Bulls ran out comfortable victors.
On Saturday the Bulls entertain Hall Road Rangers beforea trip to Hemsworth Miners' Welfare two days before Christmas.
Photo Gallery of IMG_6401 (853x1280) An Orange County Sheriff's Department deputy guards the entrance to the parking lot to Sovereign Health, where federal agents began an investigation on Tuesday, June 13. The investigation is ongoing. Photo: Eric Heinz IMG_6429 (1280x854) State and federal agents stand at the entrance of Vedanta Laboratories on Tuesday, June 13. The FBI in Los Angeles confirmed the bureau is conducting an investigation into several locations in San Clemente, but the reason for their investigation has been sealed by a federal judge. Photo: Eric Heinz Local police 1 Orange County Sheriff's Department officials and FBI talk outside of Sovereign Health in San Clemente, CA on Tuesday, June 13, 2017. Photo by Eric Heinz Cops 5 Orange County Sheriff's Department officials and FBI talk outside of Sovereign Health in San Clemente, CA on Tuesday, June 13, 2017. Photo by Eric Heinz Cops 3 Orange County Sheriff's Department officials and FBI talk outside of Vedanta Laboratories in San Clemente, CA on Tuesday, June 13, 2017. Photo by Eric Heinz Open as list Close List VIEW GALLERY
Updated at 12:47 p.m.
By Eric Heinz
FBI officials confirmed on Tuesday that they are conducting investigations at multiple locations, which include Sovereign Health and Vedanta Laboratories.
“FBI agents as well as multiple partners at federal, state and local are executing search warrants, and the affidavits are under seal and we are prohibited from commenting on the case, but agents are expected to be out there for hours,” said Laura Eimiller, spokesperson for the FBI in Los Angeles.
Eimiller said the FBI cannot specify details of the ongoing investigation, but the agency is seeking evidence based on allegations of “criminal activity.” The warrants have been sealed by the judge.
Eimiller also said no arrests are planned to take place today, but the locations of Sovereign Health and Vedanta Laboratories in San Clemente are being searched. They said there are other locations that are being searched as well. It is the FBI's policy to confirm activity at locations with such an ongoing investigation, they said.
The treatment provider and the laboratory have been at the center of focus for its ongoing legal battle with the city of San Clemente. Although Sovereign Health is only one of many treatment providers in litigation with the city, the broader industry – including sober living homes – is currently under fire for allegations ranging from insurance fraud to patient brokering.
This is a developing story. Stay tuned for more information.
When it came time for the Who to stage the rock opera “Tommy,” it had to be a Fillmore. The Fillmore East was where John Lennon and Yoko Ono could...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Nigeria's oil export to rise by 13% in July
…Still over 400,000bpd below 2017 budget benchmark
By Udeme Akpan, Prince Okafor
ABUJA—Nigeria's oil exports would rise by 13 per cent in July, this year as Shell Petroleum Development Company Limited continues to increase forcados production after the completion of rehabilitation.
Specifically, exports from forcados, currently standing at 197,000 barrels per day (bpd), would hit 252,000 bpd in July, thus increasing the nation's total export to 1.84 million bpd.
According to loading programmes made available to Vanguard, the nation, which would not be in a position to export Abo during the period, has concluded plans to export 228,000 bpd of Agbami in seven cargoes and 95,000 bpd of Amenam in three cargoes.
It would export 32,000 bpd of Antan in one cargo as well as 195,000 bpd of Bonga in seven cargoes during the period.
The nation would also export 203,000 bpd of Bonny Light as well as 110,000 bpd of Brass River to the market.
Other exports to be made include: 32,000 bpd of EA, 133,000 bpd of Erha, 127,000 bpd of Escravos, 30,000 bpd of Okono, 22,000 bpd of Okwori, 30,000 bpd of Pennington, 222,000 bpd of Qua Iboe, 63,000 bpd of Usan and 63,000 bpd of Yoho.
Despite the increase, Nigeria's oil export remains over 400,000 bpd below the nation's 2.2 million bpd 2017 budget target, meaning that Nigeria may not be in a position to generate adequate funds for the implementation of its N7.44 trillion budget, especially as a result of the relatively low crude oil price in the market.
Current oil price
Yesterday, the price of Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) daily basket, including Nigeria's Bonny Light, stood at $46.01 per barrel, compared with $45.93 the previous day, according to OPEC Secretariat calculations.
Mr. Lukman Otunuga, Research Analyst in Forex Times, disclosed that oil price started to drop after an industry report showed an unexpected increase in US Crude stockpiles last week which fuelled oversupply fears.
“The downside was complimented by news of Nigeria and Libya pushing OPEC's output higher last month for the first time this year.”
“With oversupply woes still a recurring theme, and investors becoming increasingly sceptical over the effectiveness of the production cuts led by OPEC and Russia to rebalance the markets, WTI remains vulnerable to further selling pressure. US Shale remains a threat to the OPEC deal with markets observing how the cartel reacts when the surging output from the US seizes market share from other OPEC members,” they added.
Mr. Muda Yusuf, Director General of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, stated in a telephone interview that the government needed to be prudent in the management of the nation's resources while working hard to diversify the oil-dependent economy.
“The government should not be talking about diversifying the nation's economy. It should be working to achieve it.”
“The nation needs to use our oil earnings to develop other sectors, especially, gas, agriculture, manufacturing and tourism,” they added.
Mr. Johnson Chukwu, Managing Director/Chief Executive officer of Cowry Asset Management Limited, said the situation was worsened by the decision of the United States not to be part of the Paris Club on climate change, thus giving impression that it was bent on flooding the market with shale oil.
Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, had issued a threat to the United States and other oil producing countries who are non-members of OPEC, stating that OPEC would soon stop playing the role of stabilising the global crude oil market.
Role of OPEC, non-OPEC members
Kachikwu had stated that ensuring high and stable prices of crude oil globally, should be the role of OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries alike and should not be left alone for the former.
They had said, “The difficulty and reality is that OPEC is producing about 30 per cent of world oil today. Everybody keeps looking to OPEC to find a solution; but there are 70 per cent producers who have a major impact on world price and unless everybody begins to come back to the pot, OPEC cannot continue indefinitely to just take the tank, take the blames and take the issues and yield the market space and also create the cuts that are essential to stabilise.”
“It is in the interest of everybody that somehow we find a way that shale would become a bit more matured and sensible about the long term outlook for shale production as opposed to short term intervention and sporadic in-playing that we have seen in the marketplace. We are working on that with OPEC,” they had added.
President Buhari and budget
President Muhammadu Buhari had while presenting the budget to the National Assembly stressed the need to diversify the nation's economy.
“First we clearly understand the paradox that to diversify from oil we need oil revenues. You may recall that oil itself was exploited by investment from agricultural surpluses. We will now use oil revenues to revive our agriculture and industries. Though we cannot control the price of crude oil, we are determined to get our production back to at least 2.2 million barrels per day.”
“Consistent with the views which have also been expressed by the National Assembly, we will continue our engagement with the communities in the Niger Delta to ensure that there is minimum disruption to oil production. The National Assembly, State and Local Governments, Traditional Rulers, Civil Society Organisations and Oil Companies must also do their part in this engagement. We must all come together to ensure peace reigns in the Niger Delta,” they had added.
The post Nigeria's oil export to rise by 13% in July appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Little does Theresa may know that the elections is in Ramadan and we're gonna bang out duas for them not be pm anymo… https://t.co/Yg4lji01G8
Aubrey O'Day is catching major heat on social media over allegations that they had an affair in 2011 with Donald John Trump Jr. Currently, Trump is going through a divorce, so news that they reportedly cheated, would definitely add fuel to the fire, though Page Six has reported one of the reasons that Trump's wife Vanessa is divorcing them is because they are supposedly “cheap”. In O'Day's song “DJT”, they reportedly detail the alleged affair, according to TMZ. Listen to the song in the above video.
The NY Post has reported that O'Day and Trump reportedly carried on an affair in 2011, when O'Day was a contestant on Donald Trump Sr.'s show The Celebrity Apprentice. During the season, Trump was an “adviser” on the show and reportedly “fell for” O'Day. Page Six has reported that Trump's estranged wife, Vanessa, was pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the alleged affair. A source also said that Vanessa “was going to leave [Don Jr.] then. That was the start of the downfall [of their marriage].”
Trump and O'Day reportedly ended their relationship at the behest of Trump Sr. According to Page Six, an insider said that when Trump Sr. heard about the alleged relationship, they supposedly told Trump Jr. to “knock it off.” On election night of 2016, O'Day reportedly tweeted, “my story I didn't tell is worth millions now.” The tweet was later deleted.
O'Day's song “DJT” came out in 2013, roughly one year after being on The Celebrity Apprentice and it is highly suspect, since “DJT” is Donald John Trump Jr.'s initials, according to TMZ. In “DJT,” some of the lyrics state, “You want to go back and live in the life that you had have forever? … I'll always want you and always wonder about it but it doesn't matter because I have to stay here. What made you stop believing in our world?”
An insider told Page Six that at the time of the alleged affair between Trump and O'Day, Trump “pursued them It was them who chased them They told them that their marriage was already in the process of dissolving … I think their marriage to Vanessa was over long before Aubrey came along.” According to Perez Hilton, an insider stated that O'Day had only gotten into a relationship with Trump because they were under the impression that Trump and their wife had separated.
Don Trump Jr 'had an affair with Aubrey O'Day when they appeared on Celebrity Apprenticehttps://t.co/ec1MRNUl6p pic.twitter.com/E04pj5S5Ne — Daily Mail US (@DailyMail) March 19, 2018
O'Day first rose to fame when they participated on P. Diddy's reality competition show Making the Band. O'Day made it into the five-girl group Danity Kane and later went on to model as well. They had several high-profile relationships as well. They previously dated fellow Making the Band cast member Donnie Klang and most recently, they were in a relationship with Jersey Shore star Pauly D. They and Pauly D met on the dating reality show Famously Single and the two dated from 2015 – 2017. According to Whos Dated Who, O'Day is currently single.
Scuola Politecnica di Design (SPD) in partnership with Car Body Design are offering two scholarships worth €25,200 for the 2018-2019 Master in Transportation Design, organized in partnership with Lamborghini.
SPD, in collaboration with Car Body Design has opened the applications for two scholarships for the 2018-2019 Master Programme in Car Design, due to start in mid-October.
There are two scholarships available, for a total value of €25,200.
The first winner will be awarded €16,800, covering 100% of the tuition fee, and the second place winner will receive €8,400, covering 50% of the tuition fee.
All the entries will be judged by a panel consisting of CBD's team, SPD's teaching staff and Lamborghini designers.
This year, in addition to the traditional project with Lamborghini, the students will also have the opportunity to work on innovative transportation projects developed at the recently launched Mobility Design Lab, a research center directed by Walter De Silva, that will put together all the school's initiatives about automotive and mobility.
The portfolio selection will be based upon different criteria:
originality
variety of the underlying design themes
ability to visualize design solutions
overall quality
Those who are interested must send their application complete with:
A personal portfolio in PDF format . The maximum total attachment size is 10 MB. If the portfolio size exceeds 10 MB it's possible to upload it online and share it using services like WeTransfer, DropBox, Google Docs or similar. In this case the link must always be sent to info@scuoladesign.com.
. The maximum total attachment size is 10 MB. If the portfolio size exceeds 10 MB it's possible to upload it online and share it using services like WeTransfer, DropBox, Google Docs or similar. In this case the link must always be sent to info@scuoladesign.com. A curriculum/resume including details on past education
Apply Now
Candidates can send their request to info@scuoladesign.com within the application deadline of August 10th, 2018.
All selected applicants will be requested to go through a live sketching session via Skype.
For more information on the Master visit the official website.
(Image Courtesy: SPD for Car Body Design)
A$AP Rocky's superpower: making murses look cool Designers have been peddling purses for men for years, but A$AP Rocky upped the ante when they stepped out with their superfly, rose-embroidered Goyard iteration last week. It was hardly...
Swizz Beatz celebrates new fashion line with star-studded party The artist/producer donned a posh satin suit and held court with their wife, Alicia Keys.
How these hip-hop legends buried their 20-year rift Last Friday night at the Apollo Theater in Harlem, you couldn't turn a corner without bumping into a pillar of hip-hop. Flavor Flav, DJ Kool Herc, Mase, Ice T, Fat...
Courtney Love parties with A$AP Rocky pre-BET Awards "She tried to get into the ‘chairperson room' backstage and seemed upset because they couldn't get in, and they were like, ‘I'm very close friends with A$AP Rocky,'” a spy...
A$AP Rocky's advice for musicians “I feel like the way that I established my relationship with fans is because they noticed everything I did was authentic."
Why cool guys are tucking in their tees like nerds Want to look sharp in hotter temps but prefer not to sweat it out in a suit or collared shirt? Just tuck in your T-shirt. Yes, after decades of letting...
Celebs flood Miami club scene during Art Basel Kendall Jenner, A$AP Rocky, Leo DiCaprio and Johnny Manziel were among the stars on the Art Basel club scene in Miami.
Kendall Jenner cozies up to A$AP Rocky The pair went to dinner with their friends in West Hollywood.
NBC 7's Alex Presha reports from the scene of a two-vehicle crash that left debris scattered throughout the roadway. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
Emergency responders had to rescue at least one person trapped in the wreckage of a two-car accident in University City.
The San Diego Police Department (SDPD) said that the vehicles were involved in a collision on Miramar Road just before 6:30 p.m.
One witness told NBC 7 that a car driving westbound on Miramar Road took a sudden sharp left turn, crossed over the median and struck an oncoming van.
The collision sent car parts and debris flying from the point of impact. An entire engine block was separated from one of the cars due to the forceful collision.
The witness said they ran over and pulled two children out of the van, but was unable to help their parents who had to be freed by emergency responders.
Those two passengers and the driver of the other car, who was ejected from the vehicle in the collision, were taken to the hospital. The extent of their injuries is unknown at this time.
No other information was available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra today responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said. Them statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the Quantico actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at their spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Reveals That He's Addicted To Something Which Is WORSE Than Drugs!
"We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
Yesterday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor. If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, they said.
TOI had quoted a senior official from the BMC by saying, "We earlier wrote them asking to regularize the unauthorized changed after paying the penalty and removed other illegal changes which cannot be approved. But they didn't bother to pay any attention after which we sent them notice under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act (MRTP). If they fail to reply on this, we will demolish the illegal construction at both the premises."
(PTI News)
Erica Blinn brings their Dreamer's Heart to Peach's
Erica Blinn is a triple threat on vocals, guitar, and harmonica. Photo: Chris Stohre.
By Gary McBride
“Female fronted is not a genre” reads a slogan reposted on Erica Blinn's Instagram page, referring to a complaint often heard from female musicians who get grouped together on that basis alone, rather than the content of their music.
But it is hard to put Erica Blinn into a genre. California classic rock is there definitely, some blues roots, and just enough country influence mixed in. They suggest “Americana” which seems pretty apt. Or as their Facebook page states, “Genre: Whisky. Rock. Repeat.”
From the new album, Better Than Gold, their song “Dreamer's Heart” has a traditional sound, but touches on a very timely topic: student debt and educational letdown. “As a kid, my parents said things to the effect of ‘if you get good grades, you can get a scholarship to college,' and that became the most important thing, since we didn't really have much money for that. ‘I could go to college for free, wow!' so I did the best that I could in school. And honestly, that is probably the one thing I regret in life… you shouldn't regret things, because it's all gotten you to where you are. I did have some experiences in college that were good, but for the most part, I just feel like it was a huge waste of time. And I feel like all the time I spent worrying about schoolwork in grade school and high school was a waste of time, and I wish I had realized that sooner.”
“When I was young, I was always around music, my dad (Columbus musician Jerry Blinn) was always playing.” They started them on guitar at an early age. “When I was around 7 years old, I decided that I wanted to be Linda Ronstadt, and I had a real dream of it for a long time. But when I got into middle school and high school, I started to think that wasn't a real thing that could happen, and started asking what's a realistic thing that I could do with my life that's like a real job, and what am I going to go to college for? I don't know why I let people make me think that college was the thing I had to do.”
“Luckily when I was in high school, I had a really great teacher named Rick Bensman, who said ‘why are you ignoring this (music)? Why aren't you doing this thing you love?'” That was the type of advice they needed to pursue music, their “Dreamer's Heart.”Bensman still regularly attends their Columbus area shows.
Blinn is also an accomplished harmonica player, to the point that she's shared a stage with numerous blues harp heavyweights, including Magic Dick (Richard Salwitz) of the J. Geils Band. Them father was a fan of the band, and encouraged them to play, and had a friend, Delyn Christian, who gave Blinn informal training when they were in their teens. “He was hesitant at first. They said ‘Well, I don't really give lessons, but I can try to show you what I know.' So that's what we did. It was fun and I picked it up pretty quickly, as far as it felt right for me, something that I wanted to do and work hard at getting better at.” Check out their harmonica work on “Dance with the One (Who Brought You)” for a taste. They and Christian also co-wrote two of the tracks on Better than Gold.
Several years ago, Christian moved from Columbus to Nashville, which gave Blinn another idea. “He comes back to Columbus about once a month and does a run of shows with a band they have here, which is basically what I started doing, too. I could move to Nashville, and I can come back to Columbus once a month or every six weeks, and play some of the gigs I've always played, and make a little money. It's hard to get gigs in Nashville, and if you do, they usually don't pay anything.”
The Nashville/Columbus strategy also allows them to tour, and was part of the process of recording their latest album, which they tracked in Nashville with producer Mike Landolt, known for their work with Maroon 5, O.A.R., Blues Traveler, and others, working on the album in both cities.
Them show at Peach's will feature their full band, and the next day, they'll be playing the St. Louis Americana Festival. She's also launching the new video for “When I'm with Suzie (I Do What I want)” based on them overhearing a man unapologetically shout that out at a BYOB club a while back. They went straight home and wrote most of the track, then finished it with some help from friend Hillary Thompson. The gender flip and rollicking video have all the makings of a “Girl Power” anthem. It's all part of the dream.
Erica Blinn will play Peach's Grill, 104 Xenia Ave, Yellow Springs, Friday July 6, ages 21+, no cover. Visit peachsgrill.com or call 937-767-4850. For details, ericablinn.com or see the new video at http://bit.ly/BlinnSuzie. Opening the show will be a solo set from hometown hero Dan Raridan, www.danraridan.com.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff encouraged any witnesses to the shooting to contact their department.
“A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them,” Beth said. “So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this.”
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
The literary world is not a big fan of Donald Trump's, in particular, Stephen King and J.K. Rowling, both of whom have been particularly vocal about their opposition to the U.S. president on Twitter.
But that platform may be a little tougher for King to utilize with news that Trump has, actually, blocked the popular author from interacting with their account.
Yes. The president has blocked Stephen King on Twitter. You read that correctly.
On Tuesday, King shared the news, tweeting, “Trump has blocked me from reading their tweets. I may have to kill myself.”
In the past, the writer has referred to the president as “Trumpty-Dumpty,” a “bad-tempered asshole” and a “rabid coyote with bad hair,” and compared them to Cthulhu. But we can surmise that Trump's tipping point finally came when King last tweeted, “If Ivanka Trump had grown up in farm country, like some of us, she'd know their father is reaping exactly what they sowed.” And then this follow-up: “Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing.”
If Ivanka Trump had grown up in farm country, like some of us, she'd know their father is reaping exactly what they sowed. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 12, 2017
Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017
Trump has blocked me from reading their tweets. I may have to kill myself. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017
Have others received a notification of being blocked from Trump's tweets, or is it a hoax? It's not as if their tweets are hard to find! — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017
So, Trump's soft spot? Unsurprisingly, their daughter and presumed favourite Ivanka Trump.
Fortunately, Rowling flew in to the rescue, tweeting to King, “I still have access. I'll DM them to you.”
As readers and fans went into hysterics at their beloved authors bonding, King found their chill and responded, “Thanks. Maybe it's a hoax. I'm good either way. I'll always have Pence, hahahaha.”
They later tweeted, “Blocked! Condemned to an existential wasteland of Trumplessness!
I still have access. I'll DM them to you. https://t.co/MhibEYDBTg — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) June 13, 2017
Thanks. Maybe it's a hoax. I'm good either way. I'll always have Pence, hahahaha. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017
Finnish wave developer AW Energy has secured a €5m grant from the EU-backed Horizon 2020 research programme to design, build and test a next-generation 1MW power take-off (PTO) named MegaRoller.
The three-year project will kick off next month at AW Energy's research centre in Finland. The collaboration project includes 10 partners consisting of companies and research institutes.
AW Energy chief technology officer Jussi Åkerberg said: “We are mobilising the latest technology from other engineering disciplines and even neurosciences.”
AW Energy's existing wave technology – WaveRoller – is rated at 350kW.
“Reliability and quality have been at the centre of WaveRoller development. Now we are preparing to build on these solid foundations to extend the rating to 1MW with a team of world-class expertise across Europe,” said product quality and certification manager Tuula Mäki.
Image: MegaRoller (AW Energy)
If you owned a Playstation 3 after it was unveiled nearly 12 years ago, you could be owed $65.
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console — or the ‘phat' PS3 — was heavy and bulky and had the ability to install an alternative operating system. When a smaller model was released, that operating system functionality was removed due to security concerns.
A class action lawsuit was then filed until a settlement was reached in 2016. That settlement allows owners of the larger PS3 console to claim $65.
Those claims must be filed by April 15. Those who plan to file a claim must have purchased the console from an “authorized retailer” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number.
The offer is limited to 20GB, 40GB, 60GB and 80GB models.
For the claim form, click here. For more on this story, click here.
If something about your car seems off, trained technicians at Firestone Auto Care will give your car a free courtesy check. They will examine fluid levels, wipers, the battery and more. Plus, the team believes in providing the best auto repair possible at unbeatable prices and a quick wait time.
You can even buy tires online and schedule your installation when it's most convenient for you. Come in today or book your appointment online or by phone, 615-784-3717.
Three weekends of conference play plus Las Vegas, and the Pac-12 has three tiers of existence:
* Three teams are in the NCAAs and playing for seeds/location (i.e., Sacramento and Salt Lake City): Arizona, Oregon and UCLA.
* Three teams are contending for bids: USC, Cal and Utah … and in that order, by the way: The Utes have serious work remaining.
If you're projecting bids for the conference, five is a good place to start, with four more likely than six.
* The other six are done, unless, of course, someone steals the automatic bid.
But that seems extremely unlikely — to a far greater degree than usual — because of the number of elite teams in the way.
In other words: The postseason outlook is as clean as it could possibly be at this point.
1. Arizona (23-3/12-1)
Results: Beat Stanford 74-67 and Cal 62-57
Next up: at Washington State (Thurs)
Comment: Slightly tougher finishing schedule than Oregon due to presence of two difficult home games (L.A. schools).
2. Oregon (22-4/11-2)
Results: Lost UCLA 82-79, won at USC 81-70
Next up: vs. Utah
Comment: From seeding perspective, Ducks could really use a strong finish by Tennessee to secure a non-conference top-50 neutral court win. (It would be their only one.)
3. UCLA (23-3/10-3)
Results: Beat Oregon 82-79 and Oregon State 72-60
Next up: vs. USC (Saturday)
Comment: Average attendance is at its highest point in the Pac-12 era, according to the conference. Have to think UCLA's rise a component to that.
4. Cal (18-7/9-4)
Results: Won at Arizona State 68-43, lost at Arizona 62-57
Next up: at Stanford (Friday)
Comment: Long, grueling trip across the Bay usually brings out the worst in the Bears. Feels like more of the same this week. First team to 50 wins.
5. Utah (17-8/8-5)
Results: Beat Washington State 74-70 and Washington 85-61
Next up: at Oregon (Thursday)
Comment: Biggest hole in the Utes' resume: the Best road/neutral win is over Arizona State (RPI: 132). Dates in Eugene and Las Vegas are the only opportunities to fix that.
6. USC (21-5/8-5)
Results: Beat Oregon State 92-66, lost to Oregon 81-70
Next up: at UCLA (Saturday)
Comment: Win one of the next two (Pauley and McKale) and the bubble is no longer an issue. Then it becomes all about seed and matchups.
7. Colorado (15-11/5-8)
Results: Beat Washington 81-66 and Washington State 81-49
Next up: at Oregon State (Thursday)
Comment: Statistical oddity of the week: Buffs have scored 81 points in each of their past three victories (and in four of their 15 total).
8. Arizona State (12-14/5-8)
Results: Lost to Cal 68-43, beat Stanford 75-69
Next up: at Washington (Thursday)
Comment: Could see the Devils getting to 8-10 in conference, which would be a nice momentum boost for the Hurley era. Even 7-11 would be a mark they could build on.
9. Washington State (11-14/4-9)
Results: Lost at Utah 74-70 and Colorado 81-49
Next up: vs. Arizona (Thursday)
Comment: Never would have anticipated slotting the Cougars ninth at this point in the season. But they're better than expected, and the bottom tier is weak sauce.
10. Stanford (12-13/4-9)
Results: Lost at Arizona 74-67 and Arizona State 75-69
Next up: vs. Cal
Comment: Even with two close losses in the desert, Stanford is 6-4 in games decided by 10 or less. Too often, the games aren't close.
11. Washington (9-16/2-11)
Results: Lost at Colorado 81-66 and Utah 85-61
Next up: vs. Arizona State (Thursday)
Comment: Very real chance the Huskies will finish three games behind WSU despite having the No. 1/2 pick in the draft. Nightmare on Montlake.
12. Oregon State (4-22/0-13)
Results: Lost at USC 92-66 and UCLA 78-60
Next up: vs. Colorado (Thursday)
Comment: Calling my shot right here: The Beavers won't go 0-18. Whether it's Colorado, Utah, Cal, Stanford or Oregon, one remaining opponent will get beat.
OK, maybe not Oregon.
*** Follow me on Twitter: @WilnerHotline
*** The Hotline podcast is available on iTunes.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
The event proved so popular that a second one has already been scheduled for this fall. Eksjo Lutheran Church's cemetery, located adjacent to the church grounds in rural Lake Park, will be the setting for the Eksjo Cemetery Walk, which is slated to take place on Sunday, Sept. 17 from 1 to 3 p.m.
"We're looking for about 20 actors to portray some of the church's historic figures," says Becky Mitchell, the museum's executive director.
All those who are interested in being involved, whether as an actor, or behind the scenes, are invited to a kickoff meeting at the museum this Thursday, Aug. 17 at 6:30 p.m.
Though the final slate of characters to be portrayed is still being finalized, actors of all ages will be needed, Mitchell said.
Character bios for most, if not all of the people to be portrayed will be distributed during Thursday's meeting.
Research into the featured characters will be done by museum staff, Mitchell said, in conjunction with Eksjo Lutheran members — many of whom will be interviewed for information about the people to be portrayed.
Church members are also planning a full slate of activities in conjunction with the Cemetery Walk, starting with a church breakfast from 10 a.m. to noon. A free will offering will be taken during the breakfast, to benefit church activities and projects.
"Anyone who also wants to come to the 9 a.m. church service is also welcome," Mitchell said.
The hour between the end of the church breakfast and the start of the Cemetery Walk will be filled with church tours and Scandinavian cultural activities, such as maypole decorating. The day's schedule will conclude with the serving of Scandinavian treats, coffee and juice inside the church at 3 p.m. The Scandinavian theme reflects the church's roots; Eksjo was first established by a group of Swedish settlers on Oct. 16, 1871. For more information, please visit www.eksjolutheranchurch.org.
The cost to attend the Eksjo Cemetery Walk will be $5 for Becker County Museum members, and $7 for non-members. For more information, please call the museum at 218-847-2938.
For 48 hours last week Israelis put partisanship on hold and frustrations on mute. Steering toward the center, we affirmed what unites us. Admittedly, just as emphasizing our exile bonded us with our homeland for 2,000 years, over-emphasizing our Remembrance Day and Independence Day harmony betrayed our fears of fragmenting. Still, healthy democracies need such celebrations; the farmer and the cowboy, leftist and rightist, religious and secular, must, occasionally, be friends.
On Tuesday night, wailing sirens started Remembrance Day, freezing the nation in shared anguish. Beyond the sirens, you feel the day's seriousness in Emek Refaim's silenced coffee-shop row. You feel the mourners' sincerity at the local community center ceremony, as neighbors memorialize lost sons, brothers, friends – their pain contagious. You feel the sorrow the next morning at Efrata elementary school, as sixth graders playact exchanging the blue-and-white tallit for the olive-green fatigues of war – evoking 1973's Yom Kippur War – and the 2009 Hanukka-time Gaza fight, 26 years later.
You feel our burden as one friend, a father of five, whispers “why must every play be about loss?” And you catch yourself thinking “the noose is tightening” – as we know more and more amazing kids serving in the army, risking everything for us.Then, pop! – we switch from Remembrance Day's bleakness to Independence Day's giddiness. My inner Zionist loves reversing history: on May 14, 1948, our parents flipped from celebrating Israel's independence to absorbing mortar fire as six Arab armies attacked. Now, we switch from lamenting loss to celebrating victories. Nevertheless, for many, that emotional roller coaster is too steep, too jarring.The unity, fortunately, persists. We mourn all victims equally, while later singing, dancing and high-fiving as one.My Independence Day culminated with a prized ticket to the Israel Prize ceremonies. If my 48-hour patriotism binge began local, this was national. If many of the impressions of solidarity in the former were unspoken, here the dedication to national unity was spelled out, and if marginal idealists like me wondered if our leaders got the message, here they articulated it.Education Minister Naftali Bennett shined as master of ceremonies – and high priest of national unity. They had already wowed many by refuting criticisms for awarding left-wing novelist and activist David Grossman Israel's highest civic honor. “I know we don't hold the same political positions, but it makes no difference,” Bennett said, adding, “We're one nation.”Now, Bennett recalled once asking their father “are we Ashkenazi or Sephardi?” Their father replied: “We're Jews.” “Even if I could press a button and make us all agree, I wouldn't press it,” Bennett added, explaining, “We are a people of ideas and of arguments: from the arguments come the ideas.” Still, seeking unity, they preached: “The Right has no monopoly on patriotism, the Left no monopoly on human rights.”We all cheered the 16 individuals personifying Israel at its best – and Zionism's six different streams:• Miriam Peretz, who lost two sons to war yet still venerates this sovereign Jewish state, along with David Levy, one of Israel's first major Moroccan-born politicians, and one of three million Israeli refugees from antisemitism, represented Political Zionism.• David Grossman, a patriotic dissident, a leftist critic championing social justice, who delights in writing modern prose using a 4,000-year-old language, represented the continuing Labor Zionist sensibility, as did Ron Ben-Yishai, who broke the Sabra-Shatila massacre story, and Yehuda Harel, the “father of Golan settlements.”• The high-tech guru Gil Schweid and the business power couple Yehuda and Yehudit Bronicki benefited from the capitalist revolution that began when Revisionist Zionists led by Menachem Begin were elected.• Elisha Qimron, whose scholarship helped resurrect the Dead Sea Scrolls, Alex Lubotzky, who convinced organizers of a prestigious mathematic conference to reschedule their lecture to respect Shabbat, and Yitzhak Schlesinger, who studies Talmudic expression and psycho- linguistics, represented Religious Zionism.• Sergui Hart the game theorist and Shlomo Havlin the physicist, Nava Ben-Zvi, who chairs the Israel Center for Excellence in Education, and Edwin Seroussi who studies Israeli music, represented Cultural Zionism, proving that from Zion spring forth ideas, values, arts works and melodies, inspiring Jews – and the rest of the world.• And Diaspora Zionism, realizing that the Zionist conversation began abroad and must continue there too, was embodied by Natan Sharansky, whose emotional hug with their fellow-prisoner-of-Zion-turned-Israeli- statesman Knesset speaker Yuli Edelstein, moved many to tears.Accepting for all the winners, Miriam Peretz recalled their parents' Hebrew “code words” – Jerusalem, Torah, shalom (peace) and toda (thank you). They toasted “the springs of love” for Israel, for one another, they discovered, despite their pain, preferring “the thorns of my land to all the flowers outside.”Finally, President Reuven Rivlin, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Knesset speaker Edelstein, Supreme Court chief Esther Hayut, Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat, and Bennett bopped along to the oldies but goodies of a mass sing-along, looking like kids in Zionist summer camp, not Israel's tough, often squabbling leaders.While both Bennett's and Peretz's we-are-one speeches would fit nicely in a Hebrew edition of The Zionist Ideas – were a publisher to emerge (hint, hint) – the Zionist icon Sharansky summed up the two days magnificently, succinctly: “Today, you're awarding me the Israel Prize,” they said, but since 1986, “Israel's been my prize.”Natalie Portman and other ship-abandoners take note. Appreciating Israel as our prize doesn't mean agreeing with everything, or everyone. It means appreciating Israel's accomplishments, defending Israel's existence, while campaigning now to perfect it.The writer is the author of The Zionist Ideas, which updates Arthur Hertzberg's classic work, and was just published by The Jewish Publication Society.  They are a Distinguished Scholar of North American History at McGill University. Follow on Twitter @GilTroy. www.giltroy.com
Around 60 people were killed in a bloody prison riot in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus sparked by a war between rival drug gangs, officials said on Monday, in the worst violence in over two decades in Brazil's overcrowded penitentiary system.
The head of security for Amazonas state, Sergio Fontes, told a news conference that the death toll could rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the scale of the rebellion sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs.
Fontes told reporters that several of the dead had their decapitated bodies thrown over the prison wall – and that most of those killed came from one gang.
“This was another chapter in the silent and ruthless war of drug trafficking,” they said.
Pedro Florencio, the Amazonas state prison secretary, said that the massacre was a “revenge killing” that formed part of an ongoing feud between criminal gangs in Brazil.
The riot began late Sunday and was brought under control by around 7 a.m. AMT (1100 GMT) on Monday, Fontes said. Authorities were still counting the prisoners to determine how many had escaped, they added, with reports that up to 300 fled.
Just as the riot began in one unit of the Anisio Jobim prison complex, dozens of prisoners in the second unit started a mass escape in what authorities said was a coordinated effort to distract guards.
Overcrowding is extremely common in Brazil's prisons, which suffer endemic violence and what rights group call medieval conditions, with cells so crowded that prisoners have no space to lie down and food is scarce.
The Anisio Jobim prison complex currently houses 2,230 inmates despite having a capacity of only 590.
Watchdog groups sharply criticize Brazil for its prisons, where deadly riots routinely break out.
“These massacres occur almost daily in Brazil,” said the Rev. Valdir Silveira, director of Pastoral Carceraria, a Catholic center that monitors prison conditions in Brazil. “Our prisons were built to annihilate, torture and kill.”
The violence was the latest clash between inmates aligned with the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command (PCC) drug gang, Brazil's most powerful, and a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family.
The Manaus-based gang is widely believed to be attacking PCC inmates at the behest of the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command (CV) drug gang, Brazil's second-largest.
Security analysts have said a truce that held for years between the PCC and CV was broken last year, resulting in months of deadly prison battles between the gangs and sparking fears that chaos will spread to other prisons.
In the latest riot, a group of inmates exchanged gunfire with police and held 12 prison guards hostage late Sunday in the largest prison in Manaus, an industrial city on the banks of the Amazon River, Globo TV reported.
Fontes said 74 prisoners were taken hostage during the riot, with some executed and some released.
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other inmates milled about.
Sunday's riot was the deadliest in years. A 1992 rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state saw 111 inmates killed, nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail.
Maria Canineu, director of Human Rights Watch for Brazil, said the most recent violence was the result of “no government in 20 years giving much attention to the penitentiary system.”
Canineu said that for years it's been very difficult for states to receiving any funding help from the federal government for prisons.
President Michel Temer announced last week that the federal government would furnish states with 1.2 billion reais ($366 million), mostly to improve infrastructure and security in existing prisons and to build new ones.
Toni Okamoto was trying to make their family healthier when they started the blog that would become Plant Based on a Budget, a website for meal planning, recipe sharing, and education about the affordability of a vegan diet.
By the time they first posted vegan recipes on their family blog in 2012, they had seen their grandfather pass away due to complications from heart surgery and an aunt amputate a toe and foot due to Type 2 diabetes.
“I had just started learning more about food issues, so in my early 20s, I thought, ‘OK, this is really frustrating and sad for me to sit here and do nothing while my family is suffering,” Okamoto told NBC News.
“It takes a lot of courage and effort to relearn all of the things you've been taught about food and that is difficult. Pat yourself on back for every healthy meal you eat and every day you choose plant based.”
But over the past five years, Plant Based on a Budget has built a growing reader base, with more than 120,000 followers on Facebook.
The success has allowed, Okamoto, now 30, to author a cookbook, “The Super Easy Vegan Slow Cooker Cookbook,” which highlights 100 healthy, low-maintenance recipes, as well as co-author “The Friendly Vegan Cookbook.” They were also featured in “What the Health,” a documentary on plant-based diets released on Netflix in June.
“The feedback for my segment has been amazing,” they said. “I can't believe how many people are inspired to eat plant-based after watching the film. I'm so grateful to have had a small part in it all.”
Growing up in a multi-ethnic household in Sacramento, California, Okamoto learned first hand the importance of maintaining a healthy diet.
Every day before high school track practice, they would eat lunch at a fast food chain located across the street. But within minutes, she'd immediately feel sick to them stomach.
“It was not healthy for me to eat that way,” Okamoto said. “My track coach said, ‘why don't you stop eating fast food and try cutting back on red meat?'”
As Okamoto changed their diet, they saw themselves “thrive” as a runner and — after participating in a two-week vegetarian diet challenge with a friend — eventually decided to transition into a full-vegetarian diet.
The four-year transition to a vegan diet for ethical reasons was more gradual, Okamoto said.
“I stopped eating beef, then getting broth beef and stopped drinking cow's milk and butter,” they said.
The cover of "The Friendly Vegan Cookbook" by Michelle Cehn and Toni Okamoto.
In an effort to inspire healthier eating options for their family, Okamoto began compiling plant-based recipes. But when they put the recipes up, they were shocked when many of their family members expressed the concern that it was too expensive for them to eat the way they did.
“That's when my family food blog turned into a blog that challenged the misconception that plant-based food is been only for privileged people,” Okamoto said. “I wanted to provide everyone resources that gave them inspiration and drive to eat healthy.”
Okamoto stresses the importance of providing early nutrition education in schools and avoiding processed foods.
“Nutrition education is nonexistent in many low-income communities of color,” they said. “It's important to feed children healthier food.”
Having grown up in a low-income family, Okamoto focuses particularly on budget-conscious recipes. Them meal plans can be as inexpensive as $25 per week per person and include a grocery list that shows how to use 100 percent of the ingredients while staying within budget.
There's also a focus on ease — when they don't have time to cook, Okamoto pre-plans their meals and uses their slow cooker, letting ingredients cook overnight.
“While I sleep, I cook beans overnight, and in the morning I'll add chili and stuff, and when I'm at work, I'll cook it,” they said. “When I come home, I have dinner, and the rest of the week I'll have leftovers.”
Okamoto said that they want people to know that Plant Based on a Budget is not an all-or-nothing decision and that every bit of progress toward a health goal is something to be proud of.
“It takes a lot of courage and effort to relearn all of the things you've been taught about food and that is difficult,” they said. “Pat yourself on back for every healthy meal you eat and every day you choose plant based.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Nightclub terror shatters Turkish hopes of fresh start to 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Getty Image
Between all of the unanswered questions, the premiere reactions on social media, and the constant struggle to avoid spoilers, Avengers: Infinity War has taken a heavy toll on Marvel fandom. As Tony Stark himself, Robert Downey Jr. noted at Monday night's event, however, the sprawling Marvel Cinematic Universe's success isn't just the fact that it managed to coherently produce 19 (!) movies in an interconnected universe. It also saved them and their career from obscurity, something older Marvel fans and novices familiar with the actor's history will no doubt recall.
According to Entertainment Weekly, when Downey and the rest of the Infinity War cast addressed the crowd just before the screening, the 53-year-old actor said, “This is a miracle, and if any one of us took credit it would be heresy. It would be blasphemy.” Not one to miss an opportunity, they then jokingly told the audience “you're welcome” before launching into a more serious reflection of the past decade:
“I want to talk about the past, present, and future,” Downey said. “The past for me was 30 years of dependency, depravity, and despair… otherwise known as ‘An Actor Prepares!'” After another round of cheers, they went on: “The present is this moment of glory for all of us. And the future…? That is always uncertain. But looking at these friends behind me,” they said, looking back at the faces of their fellow actors, “it seems like things might brighten up after all.”
Throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s, Downey was arrested and jailed multiple times for numerous drug-related charges and violations. At one particularly memorable court hearing, an orange jumpsuit-wearing Downey told the judge of their addictions, “It's like I've got a shotgun in my mouth, with my finger on the trigger, and I like the taste of the gun metal.” After a stint in rehab, they mounted a comeback with smaller films like Gothika and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, and blockbusters like Marvel's Iron Man and the Ben Stiller comedy Tropic Thunder.
Canada has taken steps to make its national anthem “O Canada” more inclusive.
Lawmakers passed a bill this week changing the line “true patriot love in all thy sons command,” to “true patriot love in all of us command.”
“It's a kind of inclusive, embracing turn of phrase,” says former Prime Minister Kim Campbell. She's one of several famous Canadian women who started a campaign to change the lyrics in 2013.
Some Canadians have pushed back, citing tradition. But “people have been tinkering with the anthem throughout the century,” says Campbell.
In 1908, Robert Stanley Weir first wrote the lyric in "O Canada" as “true patriot love thou dost in us command,” and changed it to “in all thy sons command” in 1913. In the 1970s, Parliament changed two other lines.
The “us” in the national anthem explicitly includes women and immigrants in a way that “sons” didn't, says Campbell.
“It's a tile in the mosaic of progress. It alone, of itself, is not going to make a difference, but it's a piece of the puzzle.”
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
The Highland County Board of Commissioners on Wednesday handed out budget packets to General Fund department heads and representatives, warning of revenue losses and increasing costs.
During the board's weekly meeting, board President Shane Wilkin said the county is losing an average of $60,000 per month in permissive sales tax revenue due to a federal directive blocking the the State of Ohio, counties and transit authorities from collecting sales tax on medical items purchased with insurance.
The state, which benefited from the tax revenue, conducted a survey and estimated the county would lose about $807,000 per year, according to Highland County Auditor Bill Fawley. The state then offered two cash payments totalling $1.8 million for Highland County, to help “get us over the hump until other sales tax or whatever picks up,” Fawley said recently.
After that, the state replaced the tax with a fee, but none of the revenue from the fee was directed toward local governments, according to Fawley.
Wilkin on Wednesday told department representatives that the county has lost $300,000 so far this year. Commissioner Jeff Duncan said the county is on track to hit the $807,000 mark. Wilkin added after the meeting that in August and September, traditionally the lowest revenue months, they expect the county to take a “big hit.”
Wilkin said as sales tax revenue declines later in the year, the county may have to cut funding to the local OSU Extension Office.
Highland County's 2018 General Fund budget is $10,344,152.66, according to commission Clerk Mary Remsing. The largest department budget in the county is the Highland County Sheriff's Office at $2,685,440.27, Remsing said.
Wilkin said Fawley gave each department's budget a “bottom line” which is not to be exceeded, and additional budget requests “are going to need to be light,” adding that they don't see room for expansion or extra hiring across the board.
“There is probably not going to be extra money,” Wilkin said.
Wilkin said the county's foster care placement costs take up a large chunk of county finances – annually about $1.7 million, according to Highland County Job and Family Services Director Katie Adams – and those costs must be paid no matter how much revenue the county takes in.
Wilkin added that the county's insurance costs are likely to increase, potentially by double digits, later in the year. They said the county's insurance claims outspend premiums. The board is currently “trying to explore some different options,” Wilkin added.
Commissioner Terry Britton said the county also has several high-dollar maintenance projects coming up, including roof replacement on some county buildings.
The meeting took a more lighthearted turn when Wilkin said they had hoped to be appointed representative of Ohio's 91st House District before bearing bad budget news to department representatives, but due to gridlock in the House of Representatives, their expected appointment to fill the remainder of former state Rep. Cliff Rosenberger's term has been in limbo. Britton joked that they and Duncan had stalled Wilkin's appointment so they would have to stay.
Wilkin thanked department heads for cooperating with the board, adding, “All of you have been outstanding to work with.”
Britton also thanked department heads for keeping their budgets under control.
The commissioners also awarded bids for two county road projects.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Highland County department heads and representatives meet Wednesday with the Highland County Board of Commissioners to discuss budgets. https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_fcommish053018.jpg Highland County department heads and representatives meet Wednesday with the Highland County Board of Commissioners to discuss budgets. David Wright | The Times-Gazette
County losing $60K per month in sales tax
For those with enough money or property, making bail is only an inconvenience. But for thousands of other Californians, not posting bail could mean they can't work or care for their families.
Even if they are never convicted of the crime of their arrest that time in jail can increase the cycle of poverty.
A Human Rights Watch report released last year concluded that “California's system of pretrial detention keeps people in jail who are never found guilty of any crime.”
The report is a criticism of the state's monetary bail system and of those involved in the system, who the report said are “not in it for justice.”
In addition, Human Rights Watch said that some “judges and prosecutors use custody status as leverage to pressure guilty pleas.” All of these dynamics are part of a growing movement to change the monetary bail system in California and across the country.
On the other side, advocates for crime victims and the bail industry said bail reform would put more of an emphasis on criminal rights rather than victims' rights.
The system impacts different lives in different ways. Maria Elena Morales of San Diego said she's paying back $2,400 they owe a bail bond company.
“It's a lot of money as a single mother, I don't have that extra money,” they told NBC7 Investigates.
Morales signed a note to bail their friend out of jail but that friend never showed for their court date.  They are still wanted on outstanding warrants.
“I felt ashamed, I should have known better but I didn't,” Morales said.
Ashamed because Morales is an activist who works with prisoners returning to society. They admit they made a mistake in judgment but feels the court did too. In each case, they think, more information might have led to a different decision.
Providing more information about defendants to Judges is one of the main focuses of the ‘Pretrial Detention Reform' study, organized by a group of California Judges.
The judges behind the study, along with the urging of the state's Chief Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauke, recommended the state establish a new system based on an assessment of a defendant's flight risk. The current system, the report concludes, “bases a person's liberty on financial resources rather than the likelihood of future criminal behavior”.
“We must not penalize the poor for being poor,” Cantil-Sakauke said.
San Diego County is already testing an alternative system where monetary bail is not the primary basis for deciding who stays in jail. Judges receive a limited assessment of those charged prepared by the San Diego Sheriff's Department.
Judges and attorneys NBC7 Investigates spoke with said the information is helpful but not complete.
Other counties are looking at other possible methods to replace their current systems. Both those in favor of and those opposed to the suggested reforms acknowledge California with its large counties with hundreds of judicial officers and its smaller counties with smaller judicial system face a challenge to find one system that fits all.
In reviewing the latest numbers available for the years 2014-2015, there were on average 2,814 un-sentenced prisoners or about 53% of the total jail population in San Diego every day, according to Human Rights Watch.
Human Rights Watch estimates it costs about $114.00 a day per prisoner, which would equate to about $321,000 dollars-a-day to keep un-sentenced prisoners here in local jails.
The presiding judge of the criminal courts in Los Angeles County, Scott Gordon was on the ‘Pretrial Detention Reform' panel. Judge Gordon told NBC7 Investigates that a “better, fairer and a safer system” is needed.
That is the goal of reform for all of California courts they say. Gordon said not everyone agrees on how this should be done but something must be done.
“The process we have recommended here is to provide more information to judges so that when they make the decisions, they're doing it with as much information as possible,” Gordon said.
This has resulted in proposed legislation, Senate Bill 10, which would provide among other things computer-generated risk assessments of each defendant to help judges decide if the defendant is a danger to the community. It's being tweaked to find a compromise that will satisfy all the stakeholders in this game-changing overhaul of the state's criminal justice system.
But for every suggestion for reform, there are counter concerns. For example, Human Rights Watch said using risk assessment tools are only as good as the information provided. The assessments could reflect a system “that is itself riddled with racial bias” the group says.
Judges like Kent Hamlin of Fresno County are uneasy about the Senate bill as proposed. Hamlin feels that experienced judges are capable of making the right decision.
“We're releasing people every day under conditions other than posting bail,” Hamlin said. They see the proposals as diminishing the role of the judge.
“We have a lot of options and we're using them,” Hamlin said.
Hamlin is a member of the 500-member California based Alliance of Judges who support their position in opposition to Senate Bill 10 as currently written.
Not surprisingly so does the bail industry. NBC7 Investigates spoke with Bill Clayton, an attorney from Denver, Colorado who represents the American Bail Coalition.
“The argument is to deny the right to a monetary condition of a bail entirely is unconstitutional,” Clayton said.
Clayton said similar efforts in other states have gone poorly, adding it will have an impact on jail populations and will result in “higher crime and higher failure to appear”.
Judge Gordon counters this, saying bail reform is working in other states and in the end will improve the system by providing more information to judges.
“The current system that only looks at one factor, the financial ability to pay bail is not a fair system and doesn't provide the safety that should be provided to the citizens of California,” Gordon said.
Last month, California's Attorney General Xavier Becerra voiced their support for bail reform, saying the system is discriminatory towards poor Californians.
NBC 7 Investigates has been told by one of Senate bill 10's authors that the state bill is being reworked to create more support for the measure. It's set for review by the State Assembly Appropriations Committee later this year.
President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence ridiculed House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi for likening $1,000 bonuses paid to some employees as a result of the GOP tax cuts to “crumbs.”
Pelosi says the “crumbs” comment was comparing what workers got in the Republican tax bill to the rewards reaped by “corporate America.”
As this comment seems likely to come up a lot in the 2018 midterm campaigns — there's already at least one political ad featuring it — we're providing the fuller context of Pelosi's “crumbs” remarks. They do compare the bonuses to what “corporate America received.” Readers can decide for themselves whether the comment is appropriate.
First, here's how the president and vice president characterized Pelosi's words.
Speaking at a Republican congressional retreat on Jan. 31, Pence first joked that they come from the “Joseph A. Bank wing of the West Wing,” buying suits “two-for-one.” They went on to say that calling $1,000 bonuses “crumbs” shows that Pelosi is “out of touch with the American people.”
Pence, Feb. 1: It's just amazing to me that after this tax cut passes, 3 million Americans get another thousand dollars in their pockets, in many cases. They actually described that as “crumbs.” … Okay, so if you're going to say $1,000 is crumbing, you live in a different world than I live in. … I mean, the truth is, any leader in America that would say $1,000 in the pockets of working families is crumbs is out of touch with the American people.
The following day, Trump joined the fray.
Trump, Feb. 1: We were waiting for February, and then we got hit with these corporations giving tremendous bonuses to everybody that Nancy Pelosi called “crumbs.” That was a bad — that could be like “deplorable.” Does that make sense? “Deplorable” and “crumbs” — those two words, they seem to have a resemblance. I hope it has the same meaning. But they called it crumbs, when people are getting $2,000 and $3,000 and $1,000. That's not crumbs. That's a lot of money.
Americans for Tax Reform, a group that advocates lower taxes, is keeping a running list of more than 300 companies they say “have announced tax reform bonuses, pay raises, or 401(k) hikes.” That includes an announcement by AT&T that as a result of the tax plan it would “invest an additional $1 billion in the United States in 2018 and pay a special $1,000 bonus to more than 200,000 AT&T U.S. employees.”
The president and vice president are referring to a comment Pelosi first made during a weekly press briefing on Jan. 11 after a reporter asked, “A number of companies are attributing the tax bill for being able to give higher wages to their employees as well as being able to give a number of bonuses to their employees. How do you respond to that?”
Pelosi first cited the example of AT&T, noting that some of the bonus money paid was already in a union contract. (A spokesperson for the Communications Workers of America told the Washington Post that the bonuses were not a part of a union contract agreement announced in late December, but “are a result of conversations between CWA President Christopher Shelton and AT&T's [chief executive Randall] Stephenson.”) Pelosi then addressed the tax bill more generally (starting at the 13:53 mark).
Pelosi, Jan. 11: In terms of the bonus that corporate America received versus the crumbs that they are giving to workers to kind of put to schmooze on is so pathetic. It's so pathetic. And I would hope that with their big advantage of bringing money home at a very low rate, that they would invest in infrastructure and things. But our experience has been that they will do dividends. They will do stock buy-backs and things like that. I think it's insignificant.
They repeated the “crumbs” analogy at a town hall meeting at Florida Atlantic University on Jan. 25. Pelosi described a cartoon they saw that shows a mousetrap with “a little piece of cheese on there.” The mouse represents the middle class, they said, and the mouse is surrounded by “fat cats.”
“And that's the thing,” Pelosi said. “You [middle class] get this little thing and we [corporate ‘fat cats'] get this big bonanza. You get the crumb, we get the banquet.”
In a panel discussion hosted by the Washington Post on Jan. 29, Post reporter Karen Tumulty noted that the “crumbs” comment had already made it into Republican advertising. One example is an ad called “Crumbs” from the self-described “center-right” group American Action Network. Tumulty asked Pelosi if, in light of the attacks from Republicans, they had used the word “goodies” earlier in the interview instead of “crumbs” (starting at the 52:19 mark).
“Either one,” Pelosi responded. “Because it's not a question of $1,000, it's a question of the billions of dollars, the banquet that they have put for the top 1 percent. Now I don't begrudge anybody their success, their wealth, their achievement. God bless you for that.”
Pelosi then repeated the anecdote about the cartoon with the mousetrap and “the fat cats just waiting for that middle-class person to take” the piece of cheese.
“This is unconscionable that they would have 83 percent of the benefits going to the top 1 percent,” Pelosi said. “So that's my point. It's not what it is, it's what it isn't. And what it is, the banquet of money at the top, the extraction of money, but trying to sell it as something that you should be just be so glad to get. No, our people deserve better.”
As we have written, Pelosi's claim that 83 percent of the tax cuts go to the wealthiest 1 percent is cherry-picking. That's true for 2027, but only because most of the individual income tax changes expire by then. In 2018, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center, the top 1 percent of income earners would get 20.5 percent of the tax cut benefits.
Henry Connelly, a spokesperson for Pelosi, told us via email that the president and vice president are taking Pelosi's words out of context and that the point was that “these meager one-time bonuses to workers are absolutely dwarfed by the staggering windfalls corporations are pocketing for themselves.”
As an example, Connelly noted that AT&T's announcement of a $1,000 bonus for 200,000 employees “is only 6 percent of the $3 billion tax windfall.” (According to Reuters and Fortune, “The corporate tax overhaul passed by the Trump administration in December helped the telecom book a $19 billion profit in the fourth quarter that will result in $3 billion in extra cash this year.”) Other companies are “pocketing billions of dollars while laying off workers or eliminating benefits for consumers,” they said.
Connelly cited a Reuters/Ipsos poll that found just 2 percent of American adults said they had gotten a raise, bonus or other additional benefits due to the Republican tax law.
As for Pence's comment that “any leader in America that would say $1,000 in the pockets of working families is crumbs is out of touch with the American people,” we recall that in 2009, Republican leaders, including Pence, mocked the “Making Work Pay” tax credit enacted by Democrats as part of the stimulus package as small. The tax credit amounted to $400 a year for individuals and $800 for couples.
The $800 then — which has purchasing power today of $934 — is pretty close to the $1,000 Pence talked about this week. Then-House Republican leader John Boehner called the “Making Work Pay” tax credit “paltry.”
And here's what Pence, then the House Republican Conference chairperson, said about it from the floor of the House on Feb. 13, 2009: “The American people are asking, ‘What's 13 bucks a week going to do to get the economy moving again for the average American?'”
So that's how Pence described $13 a week, which is $676 a year ($785 in today's dollars). Here's how they described a one-time $1,000 bonus this week: “Another thousand dollars — back when our kids were little, another thousand dollars in my pocket at the end of the year, I had a term for that: Christmas. Am I right? Or maybe a little something extra for Mrs. Pence under the tree. Or maybe a new refrigerator, a down payment on a car, or — this is big stuff.”
Hellish MTA commute inspired this novel After taking the 2/3 train from 72nd street to their job on Wall Street for 12 years, it's little surprise that former bond trader Chris Babu chose to set his...
This week's must-read books I Found My Tribe Ruth Fitzmaurice (memoir, Bloomsbury USA) Ruth has two “tribes” in their life: One is their children and their husband, Simon, who had ALS and could communicate...
This series uses animals to teach kids about bullying Tracey Hecht had noticed that putting their four kids to bed was often difficult and, frankly, a bit of a nightmare. Perhaps, they thought, bedtime would go a bit easier...
This week's must-read books Auntie Poldi and the Sicilian Lions Mario Giordano (fiction, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt) Sixtysomething Auntie Poldi doesn't quite get the calm retirement they were anticipating in Sicily; when their handsome handyman...
The author of 'A Wrinkle in Time' almost never got published As Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling are feted in almost every major magazine as the stars of the upcoming “A Wrinkle in Time” film adaptation, it seems surprising...
This school-shooting novel is timely and devastating “Only Child” by Rhiannon Navin (Knopf) is a heartbreakingly timely novel about an elementary-school shooting. Narrated by 6-year-old Zach, the book begins with them hiding in a closet with his...
This week's must-read books Eat the Apple Matt Young (memoir, Bloomsbury) A memoir about toxic masculinity and the effects of war as Matt Young recounts teenage years spent adrift in the US, leading him...
At the start of the photo op, Trump boasted about what a great relationship they had with the French leader. "It's not fake news," they said. "We do have a very special relationship."
50 new robotics coaches to be certified
Science and Information Technology (IT) teachers in public and private schools and Ministry of Education officers are participating in the first in a series of training and certification courses under the umbrella of STEM Guyana.
This round features three courses over three days, ending today, and being held in the conference room of the Ministry of Public Telecommunications.
The ministry said that it is facilitating the endeavour which remains a brainchild of STEM Guyana's co-founder Leon Christian.
It was explained that the series of certification programmes is for technology ‘buffs', youth leaders and teachers who are interested in starting clubs in their own and nearby communities.
It is being coordinated by other co-founders, Karen Abrams, a start-up inclusion consultant, and Ima Christian, who is currently pursuing studies at Stanford University, California, USA.
STEM Guyana's local Master Trainers will also be on hand to facilitate.
“The potential coaches will learn all about the International STEM League; about the best ways to organize and lead a Technology Club; how to use the League's competition software; the rudiments of building and programming robots; and the fundamentals of MIT Scratch programming.
Scratch is a programming language and online community where techs get assistance to create their own interactive stories, games and animations,” the ministry explained.
Following the certification programme, the new coaches will be expected to form clubs and then prepare their teams for competition in the upcoming Scratch and Robotics nationwide (Guyana) tournaments.
“These will be officially launched by STEM Guyana at the end of February 2018, and community teams led by more than 50 coaches are expected to participate.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Are you looking for a trusted recruiter to handle your workforce solutions?
The story of Pertemps has always been one of long-term sustainable growth but in recent years that growth has accelerated at a remarkable rate.
Nowadays, the Pertemps Network Group brand can be found everywhere, from niche sectors to the outsourced recruitment solutions arena, servicing global brands as well as continuing to supply contingent and permanent workforce solutions to smaller local-based organisations.
Constance Watts opened the first branch in Birmingham over 55 years ago. In the first year, the turnover was £50,000.
Fast forward to 2017, and the annual turnover is over £700 million.
To this day, Pertemps is still a family-run business, with Constance's son Tim to be found in their office at Meriden Hall every day of the working week.
Pertemps has been named as a Best Company to Work For by The Sunday Times for 11 consecutive years - an achievement no other recruitment business on the list has managed.
We are extremely proud of our 11-year run and hope to make it 12 years in 2018. As well as featuring on the Best Companies list, we have won many awards over the years.
Most recently, we won an REC IRP award for Best Recruitment Campaign for our work training and finding driving jobs for ex-army and reservists while we scored Best Back Office Team at the Recruitment International Awards for our innovative and forward-thinking marketing.
In November, it was also announced that Pertemps was included in the first annual 'Best Employers for Race Listing', compiled by Business in the Community.
So, what can we do for your business?
No matter how big or small your company, how many employees you want us to find for you or the sector in which you operate, we will offer a professional, tailored service to find the right candidates to match your requirements.
We will guarantee:
* Assessment of all candidates including reference checks, DBS (where applicable)
* To use the most innovative methods and latest technologies to attract the employees you require
* Delivery of only the finest, skill-matched and suitable talent regardless of your industry or discipline
* To offer bespoke workforce solutions
* To invest the time and effort it takes to understand your business and requirements
THEN... 1961
Pertemps opens its first office in Birmingham, managed and run by just three members of staff. Turnover: £50,000
NOW... 2017
Pertemps is the UK's largest privately-owned agency with over 150 nationwide branches and offices and circa 1,500 members of staff. Turnover: £700 million
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – A pair of twins born minutes apart will share everything except for the day they were born or even the same year.
Clearfield dad Nick Criddle said they didn't expect to meet their twin boys quite this soon.
“Our expected due date is February 4th,” said Criddle.
They and their wife Huyen Ngyen were just coming into a hospital in Salt Lake City for a quick checkup after some concerns, even leaving their 13 and 11-year-old daughters home but after a couple tests, nurses had other plans.
“They said, well… you're having babies,” said Criddle.
A C-section was planned but they had to wait six hours after mom had their last meal.
“It's nothing we planned. It's nothing we'd worked for. They just had to wait six hours after she'd eaten. That was the time,” said Criddle.
By luck, Nick says, it allowed their identical twin sons, James and Matthew, to have their very own birthdays.
“They're going to have everything shared, everything the same,” said Criddle.
But not the day they were born, or even the same year.
“2016 and 2017, so that's really fun,” said Criddle.
The hospital staff says it was a fun surprise for everyone.
“We have two beautiful little boys that came into this world happy and excited – unexpectedly – and they're doing great,” said a hospital official.
Dad was already pointing out their boys' differences but says this is one story they'll both have to tell.
“This isn't something that you try and plan for… it's just… what happened,” said Criddle.
This week on the WUNCPolitics Podcast, a conversation with WUNC Political Reporter Rusty Jacobs.
It was another wild week in the General Assembly. Lawmakers returned to Raleigh on Wednesday and stayed through late Thursday. They tackled a wide array of topics and bills and gubernatorial vetoes in that short period of time.
Managing Editor Dave DeWitt talks with Jacobs about judicial redistricting, ballot access, and the ongoing rift between the Legislature and Attorney General Josh Stein.
Chukwudi Akasike, Port Harcourt
THE Minister of Transportation, Mr. Rotimi Amaechi, has given a seven-day ultimatum to the former Aviation minister, Mr. Femi Fani-Kayode; and Mr. Lere Olayinka, the media aide to Governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti State, to publicly apologise and pay the sum of N1.25 billion to them (Amaechi) for linking them to the seized Ikoyi N13 billion.
READ: Wike, NIA fight over ownership of N13bn seized by EFCC
Amaechi had through their lawyer, Prince Lateef Fagbemi (SAN), written to Fani-Kayode and Olayinka, claiming that they (Amaechi) had been defamed by messages on the duos Twitter timeline concerning the controversy surrounding the recovered money. The immediate past governor of Rivers State warned that there would be stiff legal actions should Fani-Kayode and Olayinka fail to adhere to their demand over the alleged defamatory acts. Amaechi had in the copies of the two letters dated 14th April, 2017 quoted the offensive aspect of Fani-Kayode and Olayinka respectively as, “The $ 43 million is Rotimi Amaechi's. They own the flat it was found in (sic) too. NIA's story is fake news! NIA does not keep cash in minister's flats.”
READ ALSO – Ikoyi $ 43m: Apologise to Amaechi, Rivers APC tells Wike, Fayose, Fani-Kayode
“The Osborne Towers, a luxury residential complex in Ikoyi, Lagos, where EFCC said it found $ 43,449,987, 27,800 pounds N23,218,000 on Wednesday is owned by the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi.
In 1996, it was 7.4.
In 2006, it was 6.1.
In 2013, it was 4.6.
In 2014, it was 4.4.
In 2015, it was 4.9.
Note, the overall trend in the data is down. The murder rate is generally decreasing.
Note, the murder rate in 2015 is less than half the murder rate in 1980.
Considering the above data, why did President Trump make the following statements to the National Sheriffs Association:
First quote: "the murder rate is the highest it's been in 47 years."
Second quote: "But the murder rate is the highest it's been in, I guess 45 to 47 years."
Is the president ignorant of the data provided by the FBI?
What's going on?—Robert Peterson, Henning
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Police and emergency personnel responded this morning to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York to investigate reports of an “explosion.”
The Port Authority is a transportation hub where buses and trains operate from the west side of Midtown Manhattan.
This is a breaking news story, please check back for updates.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Ashutosh Defends Shilpa
When Rocky slammed Shilpa for sharing an adult video on social media, Ashutosh defended their sister, by tweeting, "@JJROCKXX a person who has fallen prey to such disgusting act can only understand. Before being a celeb they are a woman and has every right to raise voice against such acts. SM only promoted their fabricated clip, so if they are using same SM to prove it wrong, then what's harm." - (sic)
Rocky Doesn't Agree With Ashutosh
Rocky replied to Ashutosh, "Mere Bhai @ShindeAshutosh any such act against any woman is absolutely not acceptable n they have all the rights to raise their voice through the right http://channels.As a brother myself my heart goes out for u but we'll just have to agree to disagree here.All the best always!" - (sic)
Shilpa's Brother Slams Media
To this, Shilpa's brother replied, "I disagree to agree here Bhai 🙏 Thanks for your concern though." They also slammed media, "Media didn't think twice before making earlier clip viral and now talking about SM ethics n protocols... Moreover, rather than supporting a female in this courageous act, they even have audacity to say that "Shilpa Shinde promoting Porn" Please do some sensible journalism 🙏." - (sic)
Shilpa Shinde SLAMS Hina Khan & BF Rocky Jaiswal over controversial video | FilmiBeat
They Ask Tweeples To Stop Trolling
They even asked tweeples to stop trolling, "A sincere request to everyone on this platform.. please stop TROLLING 🙏 Express your love for your Idol by sharing your good thoughts about him/her, but not by foul mouthing someone else. That path leads no where but filthy spillovers. Stay happy and keep everyone happy 🙏" - (sic)
Hina Khan Had Supported A Rapper!
One of the user, HerdHUSH shared a link (with snapshot) in which Hina Khan had tweeted a video of their close friend (rapper) and asked their fans to support them (2015 tweet). The video had cuss words (bad language).
HerdHush Tweets
"Mr. Hypocrite @JJROCKXX shows serious concern on @ShindeShilpaS Tweet Where was your Concern When #HinnaKhan was promoting Adult Video of their Friend Dino James which is 1. Full of Abuses. 2. Appreciates Women as Sex Objects. 3. Vilifies Women." - (sic)
Ashutosh Writes
Ashutosh retweeted HerdHUSH's message and wrote, "The msg which @ShindeShilpaS put was loud n clear.. it was a sheer self defense.. am sure everyone will now realize what promotion is and what's not." - (sic)
Shilpa Doesn't Have Time To Hate People
Meanwhile, Shilpa shared a picture with a message, "I don't have time to hate people... who hates me. because i am too busy loving people who love me..." - (sic). Looks like the actor doesn't care for the trolls!
Shahrukh Khan IN, Aamir Khan out from Rakesh Sharma's Biopic; Here's why | FilmiBeat
Sometime ago, it was reported that Aamir Khan has come onboard to play the role of Indian astronaut Rakesh Sharma in their biopic.
However, here's some news that might be shattering for all their fans. The grapevine is abuzz with rumors that the superstar has walked out of the film due to creative differences. Scroll down to read details...
The Film Was Supposed To Go On Floors After 'Thugs Of Hindostan A Deccan Chronicle report quoted an insider as saying, When Siddharth Roy Kapur launched their own production house, one project that they had announced, was based on the life of astronaut Rakesh Sharma and the shooting was to go on the floors only after 'Thugs Of Hindostan' was complete." Aamir Khan's Exit "It was a 2018 release. Aamir was approached to play Rakesh Sharma, in a conversation started with Siddharth way back in 2016, but the star is not doing the film anymore." They Aren't Convinced With The Script "They were developing the script but Aamir did not like the way it finally shaped up. Everybody knows that their script sense is brilliant so in that form, so if they do not like a script there has to be something wrong with it. And while he's very fond of Siddharth, Aamir is not someone who will do a film if he's not 100 percent convinced of it." Better Safe Than Sorry "He discussed this with the creative team and conveyed their decision to them. Siddharth understood Aamir's reasons as they know that's how the Aamir works." Shahrukh Khan To Step Into Aamir's Shoes? Although names like Ranveer Singh and Ranbir Kapoor are doing the rounds, we hear that Shahrukh Khan is a leading contender for this role. SRK To Reunite With PeeCee Meanwhile, rumours are strong that Priyanka Chopra has been roped in to play the role of Rakesh Sharma's wife.
Will we get to see Shahrukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra reuniting on screen after a long time? Let's wait and watch.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
The Borders Music and Arts Midsummer Concert at Mellerstain House, Gordon, will be staged on Thursday, June 22, when cellist John Myerscough will be accompanied by pianist Alisdair Beatson.
John leads a busy international career as the cellist of the Doric String Quartet. The Quartet has firmly established itself as the leading British string quartet of its generation, receiving enthusiastic responses from audiences and critics across the globe.
As a soloist, John won the Gold Medal and First Prize at the 2006 Royal Overseas League Music Competition. They made their London recital debutin the 2007 Park Lane Group New Year Series at the Purcell Room, a concert described by The Financial Times as a “sterling performance” whilst Hilary Finch in The Times commented: “It was clear, here was a musician of quick, finely honed responses and firm, focused tone [who] artfully alternated song and virtuoso soundscape.”.
They have subsequently given recitals at Wigmore Hall, Cadogan Hall and the Holywell Music Room in Oxford, at the Brighton, Cambridge, Edinburgh Fringe, Kings Lynn and North Norfolk Festivals and abroad at venues in Australia, France, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Singapore and Switzerland.
John is also the founder and co-artistic director of the cello octet ‘Cellophony'. This London based ensemble have rapidly established themselves as the UK's leading cello ensemble.
Their programme for June 22 will be: Schubert - ‘Arpeggione' Sonata in A minor; Faure - Cello Sonata No 1 in D minor; Saint-Saens - Cello Sonata No 2 in F.
The evening begins with a reception of wine and canapes at 7pm. Tickets £20.50 (Members £16.50) Supper £7.50 are available from www.bordersmusicandartssociety.co.uk
Chidoka Dumps PDP, Declares Anambra Guber Ambition on UPP Platform
David-Chyddy Eleke in Awka
Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Osita Chidoka, has wednesday joined United Progressives Party (UPP) and declared their aspiration for the November 18 governorship election in Anambra State.
They also led thousands of Obosi indigenes to the party.
Chidoka who was accompanied to Obosi ward 1 in Idemili North Local Government Area to register with UPP by a number of their followers, said they joined the party to bring good governance to the state.
Speaking shortly after they were issued their membership card by the state Chairman of UPP, Dr. Sylvester Igwilo, the former minister said they would run a government that would not generate internal revenue by taxing the poor.
“We would generate money for the state not by taxing the poor traders in the market, the kind of government we will run is not that which will fund party activities and others with the state resources.
“Anambra money would be spent on Anambra people not generating money from the poor in the name of internally generated revenue.”
The governorship aspirant said they joined UPP from PDP because they are not afraid of being in opposition party as those running to the Progressives Congress (APC) because they want to align with the powers that be.
They described UPP as a party that is freely subscribed to by all, while lauding the party for their commitment to restructuring of the country.
“Ndigbo must reach the zenith in this country. Through UPP, we shall demand equity in the Nigeria project because we are equal stakeholders in the project.”
The guber aspirant said they have no political godfather but was depending on Anambra people for their aspiration, while charging them to make their token donation to their governorship project.
While commenting on the perceived zoning arrangement in the state, Chidoka said zoning has always deprived the people of the first brains in an election pointing out that Anambra people should count themselves lucky for having an array from all the geopolitical zones who are fit for governorship.
On their relationship with the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, the former minister said they were never a part of the group but added that they believe that Igbo should get equal treatment like every other persons from the northern and western parts of Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In July, the DOJ said that in order to get funds through the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, jurisdictions will have to provide immigration agents access to local jails to interrogate suspected undocumented immigrants, and give the Department of Homeland Security 48 hours notice before releasing someone the feds want to take into custody.
“This is a back door attempt to coerce state and local governments to carry out federal immigration enforcement,” San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera said at a news conference. “We are not going to devote our limited police resources to that task. Our police and deputies are focused on fighting crime not breaking up hardworking families.”
The lawsuit, filed on Friday in federal court, alleges that two new conditions the DOJ has put on grant money to be used by local police are unconstitutional.
San Francisco announced on Monday that it had filed a lawsuit against new grant conditions by the Department of Justice that would force cities to give federal immigration agents access to people in local jails. Chicago filed a similar lawsuit on Aug. 7, and California is expected to file a similar complaint.
San Francisco has joined Chicago as it became the latest city to sue the Trump administration over its threat to withhold federal grant money from jurisdictions that refuse to fully cooperate with immigration authorities.
According to the lawsuit, San Francisco risks losing more than $1.4 million this fiscal year if it does not receive the grant money. The complaint asks for an injunction for the city and other so-called sanctuary cities that have policies protecting undocumented immigrants.
“San Francisco faces an unacceptable choice: either comply with DOJ's unconstitutional new grant conditions and abandon local policies that San Francisco has found to promote public safety and foster trust and cooperation between law enforcement and the public,” the complaint said, “Or, maintain these policies but forfeit critical funds that it relies on to provide essential services to San Francisco residents.”
San Francisco had already filed a lawsuit that blocked a provision of President Trump's executive order that would have cut federal funds from sanctuary jurisdictions.
Trump has repeatedly pointed to San Francisco as an example of how cities not fully cooperating with immigration authorities can lead to crime that otherwise could have been prevented, referring to the case of 32-year-old Kate Steinle, who was fatally shot on the pier by an undocumented immigrant who had a felony record and had been deported five times.
In a statement on Monday, the DOJ referred to the shooting again in criticizing the city for filing the lawsuit.
"The people of San Francisco know all too well the pain and suffering associated with the tragedy resulting from local jurisdictions that refuse to cooperate with federal immigration authorities," the DOJ said in a statement. "So it's especially disappointing that San Francisco is less concerned with keeping its constituents safe than it is spending time and taxpayer money protecting criminal aliens and putting San Francisco's law enforcement at greater risk."
However, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra on Monday said any attempt to force local jurisdictions to enforce federal immigration law actually diminishes public safety. They said the state stands to lose over $28 million for jurisdictions across California under the DOJ's new rules.
“It's a low blow to the men and women who wear the badge for the federal government to threaten their crime fighting resources in order to force them to do the work of the federal government when it comes to immigration enforcement,” Becerra said. “The Trump administration has instituted policies that are not only reckless but illegal.”
BELLEFONTAINE, Ohio — An Ohio school superintendent charged with child rape has sued to get their job back.
The Springfield News-Sun reports former Indian Lake Schools superintendent Patrick O'Donnell claims in a lawsuit filed in Logan County that they were unfairly fired and that a state referee said the district should wait to decide their job status until after the criminal case concluded.
They were fired Nov. 20. The 52-year-old O'Donnell was indicted on rape and other charges in July after being accused of sexually assaulting a young girl.
Their wife, 47-year-old Heather O'Donnell, was charged with child endangering for failing to report allegations to police.  They are on unpaid leave from their position as superintendent of an education services center.
Both have pleaded not guilty.
School officials say the firing was justified.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Business leaders are joining forces to strengthen the employment scene in the West Midlands.
The Progressive Employers Group has been launched to enable investment-minded employers to share best practice and make a significant contribution to strengthening Birmingham's employment market.
The group has been instigated by people management and recruitment specialists Katie Bard and the launch attracted businesses from across the region.
Organisations already involved in the project include Glide Utilities, Dolphin Index Organisation and Customer Plus, and further companies are set to join following a launch event held at Innovation Birmingham's iCentrum building.
For further details about the Progressive Employers Group, contact john.mortimer@angelamortimer.com or go to www.progressive-employers-group.co.uk
Enel Green Power North America is to supply electricity from its 320MW Rattlesnake Creek wind farm in Nebraska to Facebook and software developer Adobe.
The deal with Facebook broadens the scope of a power purchase agreement signed in November for 200MW of electricity from the project to gradually cover all of the wind farm's output by 2029.
Adobe will buy 10MW of electricity and renewable energy credits from Rattlesnake Creek in the 2019-2028 period, before the total output is taken by Facebook.
The $430m wind farm is currently under construction and is expected to start operations by the end of 2018.
Enel Green Power head Antonio Cammisecra said: “We are thrilled to partner with Facebook and Adobe on this wind project and to meet their individual energy needs through a customised solution.”
Facebook director of global energy Bobby Hollis said: “The Rattlesnake Creek wind farm will enable us to power our future Papillion data center, and fulfils our passion to expand the energy market for other corporate buyers, like Adobe.”
Adobe sustainability strategist Vince Digneo said: “We're excited to reach the next milestone in our sustainability goals through this agreement with Enel and Facebook.”
Image: Enel
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The shooting in Alexandria, Virginia is hitting especially close to home for Ohio lawmakers.
According to state lawmakers, word spread quickly in Columbus when news first broke of the shooting Wednesday morning. An Ohio member of congress is now being praised as a hero for quick-thinking that helped save the life of one of their own.
People were seen running for safety Wednesday as gunfire erupted on a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia.
“At the end,” Rep. Brad Wenstrup said. “There were shells everywhere.”
A congressional baseball practice was turned into a war zone. The gunman was identified as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson. Among the victims are Louisanna Congressman and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise.
“I went out to Steve,” Congressman Wenstrup said. “As a few others did and could see where they got shot because the bleeding was evident on their baseball pants. I looked for the wound. Found the entry wound. Did not find an exit wound. That was one of the things that concerned me greatly.”
Congressman Wenstrup was previously a medic in the Iraq War. They say they were in the right place at the right time.
“Steve was awake,” Congressman Wenstrup said. “He could talk. I asked them to count to 5 and they did. They said they were thirsty and I wanted them to get fluids because I don't know how much he's bleeding inside.”
Medics arrived in minutes, taking Congressman Scalise to the hospital, where they remain in critical condition.
News of the shooting sent shockwaves from Washington to Columbus.
“It happens way too often,” U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown said. “Around our Capitol.”
“We're at a time in our country,” Rep. Niraj Antani said. “Where we all just need to take a step back.”
Both sides of aisle are now coming together and standing strong, calling for unity.
“We need it,” Congressman Wenstrup said. “We need it desperately. I wrote a piece about it a week ago. United We Stand, Divided We Fall.”
The Congressional Baseball Game for Charity is set to resume as planned. The first pitch is scheduled for 7:05 p.m. EST at Nationals Ballpark in Washington.
Homes are shown in an undated image. (FOX5)
A new report shows the price of single-family homes in Las Vegas soared in April compared to a year earlier.
The Greater Las Vegas Association of Realtors says the median sales price of single-family homes last month was $289,000, up 3.2 percent from March and 16.1 percent from April 2017.
The trade group's report says buyers purchased 2,878 single-family houses in April, down 8.7 percent from March but up 0.4 percent year-over-year.
The association says the median price of townhouses and condos sold last month was $155,000, up 19 percent from last April.
The group reports 3,816 single-family homes listed without an offer, which is down 24.9 percent from last year. For townhouses and condos, 790 properties are listed without an offer -- a 23.6 percent increase from a year ago.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
From Tupac vs. the Notorious B.I.G. to Jay-Z vs. Nas to Lil' Kim vs. Foxy Brown, the history of rap is full of juicy beefs. Now Drake and Pusha-T have been fueling the flames of this fiery hip-hop tradition with their back-and-forth battle.
The feud has erupted like a volcano to a nasty new level with Push's freshly fired diss track, “The Story of Adidon,” which was unleashed Tuesday on Hot 97.
This spit in Drake's face — set to the No I.D. beats of Jay-Z's 2017 single “The Story of O.J.” — launches low blows about the Canadian rapper's parents (“Your father walked away at 5/Hell of a dad thing”), their racial identity (“Confused, always felt you weren't black enough/Afraid to grow it 'cause your 'fro wouldn't nap enough”) and even the multiple sclerosis of their producer Noah “40” Shebib (“OVO 40, hunched over like they 80/Tick, tick, tick/How much time they got?/That man is sick, sick, sick”).
Pusha's track also accuses Drake of hiding a son that they supposedly have with a porn star. And the song's cover features a photo of Drake in blackface makeup that Pusha claimed hasn't been digitally altered in a tweet Tuesday.
This long-running bad blood goes back to a conflict in 2006 between Drake mentor Lil Wayne and Pusha-T's duo, Clipse, over Wayne wearing Clipse's favored BAPE brand of gear on a cover of Vibe magazine. Then Pusha-T and Drake threw jabs in 2012's “Exodus 23:1” and 2013's “Tuscan Leather,” respectively.
The battle later continued, with Pusha questioning Drake's lyrical cred (“It's too far gone when the realest ain't real” on 2016's “HGTV Freestyle”) before Drake retaliated by calling into doubt Push's drug-dealer rep (“You made a couple chops and now you think you Chapo” on “Two Birds, One Stone”).
But things have definitely escalated in this most recent renewal of their rivalry: First, Pusha asserted in their lyrics on “Infrared,” a cut from their Kanye West-produced “Daytona” album that was released this past Friday, that Drake uses a ghostwriter, Quentin Miller.
Then on Saturday it was Drake's turn, when they dropped “Duppy Freestyle,” professing, among other things, that Pusha was using this beef to pump up their sales: “Tell 'Ye we got a invoice comin' to you/Considerin' that we just sold another 20 for you.” For good measure, Drake even posted a bill on Instagram.
But as Drake prepares to release their new album “Scorpion” in June on the heels of Push's “Daytona,” both rappers stand to benefit from the exposure. This ongoing diss-fest has gotten social media buzzing all about them.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Amunix Operating Inc. (Amunix), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel biologics, announced today that it has entered into a research and development collaboration with Genentech, a member of the Roche Group. The agreement will focus on the discovery and development of therapeutics utilizing Amunix's proprietary XTEN® technology against multiple targets selected by Genentech.
Under the terms of the agreement, Amunix will receive an undisclosed upfront payment and is eligible to receive milestone payments based on achievement of certain predetermined development and commercial milestones. In addition, Amunix is eligible to receive royalties on worldwide sales of certain products resulting from the agreement. Financial terms have not been disclosed.
Volker Schellenberger, PhD, CEO of Amunix commented: "We are delighted to collaborate with a leading biotechnology company such as Genentech, which recognizes that XTEN provides a platform to confer pharmacologic advantages to drug development. We are optimistic that the synergies between both companies will result in the discovery of new and more selective treatment options for patients."
About Amunix:
Amunix pioneered the discovery and development of therapeutics with improved in vivo half-lives based on XTEN® -- hydrophilic, unstructured, biodegradable protein chains. XTEN can be recombinantly fused or chemically conjugated to peptides, proteins, and other pharmaceuticals. In addition to the advantages of reduced dosing frequency, XTENylation also stabilizes plasma drug concentrations, which often results in increased efficacy as well as reduced side effects. Two genetically fused XTENylated products have been tested clinically. VRS-859 (exenatide-XTEN) has been tested through Phase I in the treatment of diabetes and VRS-317 (human growth hormone-XTEN) is currently in Phase III testing. The successful long term treatment (>3 years) of children with growth hormone-XTEN has been reported. Amunix is working with additional partners, including Eli Lilly, Bioverativ, Roche, Janssen, Naia and other undisclosed companies in a wide range of therapeutic areas.
The recombinant production of XTEN protein polymers allows the insertion of functional groups in precisely defined number and location. This makes XTEN a promising linker for ADCs. Amunix's ProTIA (Protease Triggered Immune Activator) platform potentiates the use of bispecific BiTES for treatment of solid malignancies. XTENylation provides long half-life and, more importantly, converts ProTIA molecules into essentially inactive precursors that are selectively activated at the tumor site by tumor-associated proteases. The ProTIA lead molecule AMX-168 targets multiple solid tumors such as ovarian, colorectal, gastric, and lung cancers. IND filing for AMX-168 is expected late 2017.
By EMERSON LYNN
Who controls our schools? Who sets the policy? Who is responsible for correcting the course of our educational system if it goes askew? And who judges if it has gone askew? Who sets the expectations? Who is responsible if the system is found to be in decline?
The answers are not as clear as you might expect, given that schools have been around for a century or two. Currently, the questions are gaining currency as we push through the last stages of Act 46, the state's school consolidation law, and as we struggle to match costs with a student population level that has plummeted in the last 25 years.
The questions being asked reflect the source of the questions. School boards want the decisions to be theirs. Teachers have their own priorities, as do principals and superintendents. And our elected leaders – the governor foremost among them – see a role they can't ignore. The costs of indifference are too high.
In Vermont we've always deferred to local control as the preferred answer. Those closest to the schools are the ones most capable of shouldering the responsibilities. It's the voters in a school district who pay the bills, and it's the parents of the children in the schools who are closest to what happens in the classroom. The further away the center of control, the less fruitful the results.
Act 60 changed that reality. For good reasons. The system that existed – local control and all – did not produce a system that provided an equal educational opportunity for all schools. What we had skewed the advantages heavily toward wealthy towns and against poorer ones. The ability to correct that imbalance was something beyond anything local school boards and their voters could do.
The cause needed an outside force, something beyond local control.
We are in need of that same outside force today, the question is how it's framed, how this force is applied, for how long, and with what authority.
Philosophically, these are questions that typically define the difference between Republicans and Democrats. Republicans shy away from centralized control, adhering to the belief that things are better controlled from the bottom up, not the top down. Democrats take a more global approach, asking the government to be the actor of change.
So it's an odd position for a Republican governor like Phil Scott to be in the Democrats' space. It's their administration that is pushing for statewide goals, and, to their detractors, using statewide control to push the educational system where they think it needs to go. He's picked up where their predecessor, Gov. Peter Shumlin, left off with Act 46.
It would be a simple thing for Mr. Scott to step aside and say that the direction of our educational system is something to be decided town by town, school by school. It would be a simple thing to say that no one knows better than local school boards, and the local voters who support their schools and to leave it at that.
There is also a lot of value to that simplicity. Generally, the closer we are to the problem the better our answers. Montpelier can't have Richford's insight when it comes to managing its affairs.
But there are times when the system is faced with challenges that can't be addressed locally. Act 60 was one example. Act 46 was, and is, another. Act 60 addressed inequity, Act 46 addressed costs and inequity. They were both top-down directives. Had we relied on a bottom up approach nothing would have happened.
We're still not where we need to be. We can debate the preferred process when it comes to how our schools are run, and, generally speaking, that should be a process that defers to the community. The closer the control to the subjects being controlled the better.
The state's role is one of breaking inertia. It's not about taking control. It's about forcing change. The difference is key. Control is enduring and inflexible. Forcing change without the need to control accomplishes the task and is liberating, it promotes flexibility.
We are at that point of inflection in Vermont. The educational system's century-long inertia is being broken, which is essential. More needs to happen. But the process, and the goals, need to be articulated in a way that explains that need, but also in a way that the end game is understood as something that is best driven from the bottom up, not the top down.
Emerson Lynn is co-publisher of The Essex Reporter and the St. Albans Messenger, where this editorial first appeared.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
SALEM, Ore. — The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Oregon on May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. Tom James / AP
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
The light is going to shine on this new memorial park in Dublin
2:25
Police are looking for a man they say grabbed a 12-year-old girl at a Bronx intersection, covered their mouth, put a gun to their head and dragged them to the back of a nearby home, where they were sexually attacked.
Authorities say the suspect, captured on surveillance video on a sidewalk, approached the girl near Weeks Avenue and East 173th Street shortly before 11 a.m. Sunday. They forced them to the back of a residence not far away and sexually attacked her, then fled south on Weeks Avenue, according to police.
Police did not say if the girl was treated at a hospital for injuries.
Authorities released surveillance footage of the suspect.
Anyone who recognizes them is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS.
Milton-Union High School
WEST MILTON — Principal's list and honor roll students have been named for the second quarter at Milton-Union High School and Miami Valley CTC.
Principal's list
Grade 12 — Daniel Albaugh, Karissa Baird, Megan Billing, Matthew Brown, Sydney Dohrman, Mercedes Farmer, Rachel Grim, Shelby Herald, Abigail Hissong, Madison Hoffman, Jonathan Hurst, Kiley Jacobe, Luke May, Ryan Moore, Mia Morphew, Samuel Motz, Sierra Persinger, Jarod Pleshek, Destiny Saunders, Kyler Schatz, Katherine Smith, Michael Trimbach, Blaker Ullery.
MVCTC — Kaitlyn Antonides, Caitlin Bushelman, Taylore Cox, Masey Gregg, Carly Newman, Shane Sexton, Erin Shipe, Sandra Silva.
Grade 11 — Annalise Bennett, Hallie Berberich, Haley Bloom, Allie Bohse, Austin Brandon, Olivia Brown, Jessie Cantrell, Brianna Collins, Kristen Dickison, Chloe Fogle, Brent Fraley, Brandon Fritz, Connor Gostomsky, Jacob Hornberger, Annika Hutchinson, Harrison Litton, Jessica Leffew, Jordan McGuffie, Isaiah Miller, Robert Palmisano, Kyli Parsons, Dylan Schenck, Courtney Seevers, Caleb Wintrow, Joshua Wooddell.
MVCTC — Valerie Baker, Megan Trittschuh, Samantha Crummie, Joshua Keller, James Sager.
Grade 10 — Luke Barnes, Ariana Basil, Laura Billing, Carson Brown, Nathan Brumbaugh, Ellie Cooper, Allison Freisthler, Nathan Gibbons, Shannon Griffith, Caden Hilling, Emily Hornberger, Megan Jacobs, Allison Jones, Aaron Kaiser, Emma Lehman, Andrew Lovin, Michael Mayor, Bailee Moneymaker, Izabelle Morter, Jacob Motz, Brianna Nevels, Hanna Nutley, Emily Peck, Kimberly Riquelme, Ryun Schlecht, Jonathan Searcy, Milayla Shaw, Brittney Suhr, Kya Swartztruber, Jackson Thee, Rachel Thompson, Ethan Tinnerman, Syklar Unger, Megan Yates.
Grade 9 — Evie Adams, Emily Barker, Nathan Black, Brittany Burnside, Autumn Cooper, Katheryn Craig, Kelli Davis, Cody Dohrman, Chloe Donley, Abbey Evans, Madison Fisher, Tyler Foster, Jayla Gentry, Madison Gialloreto, Mason Gooslin, Maxwell Grafflin, Efren Gutierrez, Kailyn Guzman, Malia Johns, Diana Johnson, Madison Jones, Devin Lambert, Holden Lapham, Alyssa Lawson, Katherine Mauchamer, Rowan McKenna, Brianna Merritt, Mackenzie Minnich, Erica Pratt, Kyleigh Ryan, Madison Silveira, Davie Sims, Dane Studebaker, Kelsie Tomlinson, Micah Tracy, Eric Wysong, Bill Yang.
Honor roll
Grade 12 — Alfred Daum, Hayden Davidson, Grace Helser, Kaylin Kline, Margaret Moore, Morgan Nemeth, Hannah Oaks, Brianna Persinger, Thomas Schultz, Zachery Shields.
MVCTC — Amber Christman, Katlyn Grisso, Tommy Gauvey, Trevor Grile, Shannon Milnickel.
Grade 11 — Andrew Besecker, Stanley Fairchild, Robbie Grove, Christopher Hesler, Jacelyn Huff, Tyler Pratt, Nathan Simpson, Audrey Smith, Brooklynne Tyler.
MVCTC — Crystal Adkins, Alexis Davis, Hannah Fugate, Joshua Stradler, Hailey Lauterbur, Heaven Quatman.
Grade 10 — Andrew Baker, Joshua Black, Dustin Booher, Lorynn Bradley, Justin Brown, Deanna Crum, Cayden Galentine, Karma Gillette, Genevieve Graf, Jacob Griffith, Richard Harris, Caitlin Jones, Webb Kress, Allison Lyons, Eme Maxson, Matthew May, Elizabeth Oaks, Tristan Persinger, Jamie Rasor, Austin Scott, Drew Shearer, Sierra Smith, Andrew Stamper, Dylan Stanley, Justin Thomas, Morgan Welch, Christina White, River Wick.
Grade 9 — Tyler Baldasare, Mackenzie Beam, Rachel Bloom, Shane Brock, Gretchen Brown, Madison Brown, Katherine Caillouet, Samuel Case, Alexis Conley, Charles Curtis, Joshua Dahle, Daven Eason, Danielle Everett, Mackenzie Everett, Morgan Grudich, James Hardin, Delaney Hayes, Tyler Hoffman, Colten Jacobe, Madelyn Johnson, Christopher Miller, Alexander Mt. Castle, Melanie Pickett, Laney Radford, Justin Randall, Mckinah Rupp, Bailee Shaw, Joe Watkins, Rory White.
Seasoned Finance Leader Joins Executive Team of Leading Global Mobility Management Company
SAN FRANCISCO, CA and LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - MOVE Guides, helping HR teams move their employees around the world -- for any reason, any policy and any location -- today announced the addition of Dale Brown as vice president of Finance. Drawing upon experience at leading software companies like Imperva, Castlight Health and ServiceNow, Brown will be responsible for MOVE Guides' finance operation as the company undertakes its next phase of growth.
"Dale brings extensive finance experience through rapid growth and public offerings at numerous successful Silicon Valley companies," said Brynne Kennedy, MOVE Guides' CEO. "I am looking forward to working closely with Dale on MOVE Guides' short- and long-term financial strategy."
With nearly 25 years of experience in finance, Brown most recently served as the vice president of Finance and Corporate Controller for Imperva, a NYSE-listed cybersecurity software company. Brown previously held finance leadership positions at a variety of enterprise technology companies, including Castlight Health, ServiceNow, EMC and Data Domain. Throughout their tenure at these organizations, Dale has been a part of significant growth and three successful public offerings.
Brown added, "I'm passionate about helping companies improve their overall performance to deliver long-term value to key stakeholders, and I look forward to playing my part in the future success of MOVE Guides. MOVE Guides has assembled a strong group of industry leaders, and I'm pleased to be a part of such a dynamic organization."
About MOVE Guides
MOVE Guides helps HR teams move their employees around the world -- for any reason, any policy and any location. MOVE Guides partners with leading multinational companies to deliver a full global mobility program across 200 countries with their Talent Mobility Cloud platform, concierge-level support for employees and a global supply chain of partners.
MOVE Guides has offices in the Americas, EMEA and APAC, and is backed by New Enterprise Associates and Notion Capital. For more information, go to: www.moveguides.com and follow MOVE Guides on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.
HOLLYWOOD (CBSLA) — Actor, writer and director Terry Gilliam is known for being a funnyman and Monty Python alum.
Some anti #MeToo comments they recently made have no one in Hollywood laughing.
In an interview with Agence France Press the 77-year-old said the #MeToo movement has created “a world of victims.”
While calling embattled producer Harvey Weinstein “a monster” they said they were only exposed because they are “such an a-hole.”
I read it. Terry Gilliam's comments about Harvey Weinstein are idiotic and dangerous. They aren't in those rooms. They don't know how aggressive and violent and terrifying they are. Who are they to say it was some sort of offered deal? They should be ashamed of himself. https://t.co/pLj3V46gwu — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) March 17, 2018
Dismissing the sexual assault and harassment claims made by more than 20 women, Gilliam really stepped in it when they said, “Harvey opened the door for a few people. A night with Harvey, that's the price you pay.”
Some women did well by accepting their sexual advances, they added. “We're talking about adults with a lot of ambition.”
They also compared #MeToo to mob rule and said the movement has gotten “silly.”
Twitter literally went berserk.
Terry Gilliam may wanna turn those feelings of fear & uncertainty he's getting from #metoo/#timesup and realize “Ohh this is how life has been for THEM til now… huh. Wow. Damn.” See? Now it's empathy. — Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) March 17, 2018
The Minnesota-born Gilliam also politicized what they called a great irony. Despite the #MeToo movement being a huge success in a variety of ways, “a self-confessed p—y grabber is the president of the US and is just walking around.” They renounced their American citizenship in 2006.
.@Variety This interview turns my stomach. terry gilliam is the last man to admonish a movement that is trying to protect women from abusive men. #MeToo https://t.co/jPnFhfB5GQ — Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) March 17, 2018
Barkin got another shot in.
Terry Gilliam, you talk too much. #MeToo — Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) March 17, 2018
And they still aren't done. Later they tweeted a warning to all women. “My hard won advice: never get into an elevator alone with [Terry Gilliam.]
Terry Gilliam is an ignorant privileged successful white man. Cry me a river. https://t.co/8EO5Ru0W6e — Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) March 16, 2018
Comedienne Elayne Boosler was grossly offended by the idea that the price of fame was worth a night with Harvey Weinstein. We can't print their reply, but they suggested that just because Terry Gilliam engaged in a sex act with Weinstein, doesn't mean women should.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
HOLLYWOOD (CBSMiami) – A pregnant mother, their 14-month-old daughter and their parents are homeless after a raging fire swept through their Fillmore Street home in Hollywood on Thursday.
Stephanie Payas says it still feels like a dream as they surveyed the damage on them boarded up home Friday.
Payas says their mother woke them up from a deep sleep Thursday as smoke filled their house.
“I am grateful,” Payas said. “If they didn't wake me up, we would all be dead.”
They say they had little sleep because their baby daughter is still getting over the flu and was fussy the night before.
“I was gonna drop my baby on the floor,” they explained. “Somebody came to hold the baby. I got out through the window and a few seconds later my mom got out.”
Them mom Marie Payas remains in the hospital, receiving treatment for extreme smoke inhalation.
Marie Payas tried to run back inside to save their other daughter Sandy who, it turns out, wasn't home.
Stephanie's 14-month-old daughter is out of the hospital and doing better.
As for Stephanie, they are still feeling the smoke effects and worried about their unborn child, due in
“It doesn't go away,” they explained. “But they felt the baby's heart beat when they did a test at the hospital.”
Them house is boarded up and what wasn't lost in the fire is heaped in a backyard pile that includes chairs, plants and even a door.
 They are thankful to be alive but sad about family pictures lost in the fire.
“Pictures you can't get back and my baby's birth certificate is gone,” they lamented.
Right now Stephanie is staying at an already full relative's home across the street, sleeping on the floor.
“It's like moving to a new town where you have nothing,” they said.
If you can help the family please contact Neighbors 4 Neighbors.
The phone number is 305-597-4404.
Kids prefer the TV for their viewing, but love other devices
hello
Ever since freckle-faced puppet Howdy Doody ushered in children's television nearly 70 years ago, each new generation of viewers has been treated to a growing bounty of programs on a mushrooming selection of gadgetry. Even so, it may be surprising that youngsters watch most television on a television. Just as their elders mostly still do, and always did, since TV first began. Associated Press/January 1953
NEW YORK -- Grace Ellis has never known a time when you needed a TV to watch TV.
The North Attleboro, Massachusetts, fifth-grader watches shows like "Liv and Maddie," "Jessie" and "The Lodge" on their laptop, iPad and phone.
"Sometimes I watch TV in the car," they say. "I have ballet every day, so I watch on the way."
They have a TV in their bedroom that isn't hooked up to cable but is perfect for watching DVDs.
And the family's flat-screen has advantages of its own.
"It's much bigger," Grace explains, "and on the couch, it's comfier."
Ever since freckle-faced puppet Howdy Doody ushered in children's television nearly 70 years ago, each new generation of viewers has been treated to a growing bounty of programs on a mushrooming selection of gadgetry.
But nothing compares to the current wave: "The generation coming up now is used to having everything at their fingertips," says Stacey Lynn Schulman, an analyst at the Katz Media Group.
Why not? From birth, theirs has been a world of video digitally issuing from every screen. And for them, any of those screens is just another screen, whether or not you call it "TV."
"When they love a (show), they love it in every form and on every platform," says Nickelodeon president Cyma Zarghami.
This keeps the bosses at each kids' network scrambling to make sure that wherever children turn their eyes, that network's programing will be there.
Even so, it may be surprising that children nonetheless watch most television on, well, a television. As in: old-fashioned linear, while-it's-actually-airing telecasts.
A new Nielsen study finds that in the fourth quarter of 2016, viewers aged 2-11 averaged about 17 hours of live (not time-shifted) TV each week. Granted, that's a drop of about 90 minutes weekly from the year before. But by comparison, kids in fourth quarter 2016 spent about 4Â½ hours weekly watching video content on other devices.
"Linear TV is still the lion's share of where kids' time is spent," says Jane Gould, senior vice president for consumer insights for Disney Channel. "But it's important for us to be in all the OTHER places where they are, as well."
One reason: Those other outlets can pave the way for a new program's arrival on linear TV.
Gould points to "Andi Mack," an ambitious comedy-drama that debuted on Disney Channel on April 7. Weeks before it landed there, the series could be sampled on digital platforms including the Disney Channel app, Disney.com, Disney Channel YouTube, iTunes, Amazon and Google Play.
Count Grace Ellis among the legions of kids whose attention was snagged by this mega-buildup. When "Andi Mack" premiered, Grace was one of the 9 million TV viewers who tuned in.
When "Sesame Street" premiered on PBS back in 1969, it joined a bare handful of TV shows (chief among them "Captain Kangaroo" and "Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood") devoted to uplifting their young audience.
Nearly a half-century later, "Sesame Street" is going strong.
"PBS is still at its core," says Sesame Workshop COO Steve Youngwood. So is TV overall, as demonstrated by the series expanding to HBO a year ago. TV currently accounts for 40 percent of its viewership.
But "Sesame Street" has never stopped adapting to an evolving media landscape that today finds 18 percent of its audience viewing on tablets, 14 percent on mobile phones and 25 percent on other streaming devices and computers.
That includes YouTube, where its program content has been a presence for some time. Now it's getting special focus with the launch of Sesame Studios, which Youngwood describes as "a separate production unit specifically for that platform. We want to harness the power of YouTube to educate kids just like we harnessed the power of TV 50 years ago."
A half-century ago "streaming video" was an unimagined wonder. But today's TV landscape has been upended by this technology, and by major streaming-video outlets like Hulu, Amazon and Netflix as they aggressively vie for kids' (as well as everybody else's) attention.
Netflix famously doesn't disclose viewership figures. But according to Andy Yeatman, director of global kids content, "About half of our members around the world watch kids' content on a regular basis. So it's a very large, engaged audience.
"Between new and returning series last year, we added 35 new seasons of kids' originals," they say. Similar expansion is projected this year.
In a bygone era with just a handful of TV channels, kids could count on finding shows aimed at them only on Saturday mornings and weekday afternoons.
Nickelodeon's Zarghami pegs 2013-14 as the most recent turning point for kids TV, "when the landscape seriously shifted," they say, with streaming-video-on-demand providers gaining a real foothold and supplemental devices like tablets and mobile taking off.
Today, Nick has six on-demand platforms, "and we went from 500 new episodes in a season to close to 700 this season," they say.
In short, kids are flooded with just-for-them content from every direction. But even that's not enough.
"What they really look for is, to be surprised," says Disney Channel's Gould. "That's the real challenge: How do we surprise and delight them?"
Schulman of the Katz Media Group has their own prediction for where the next round of surprises might be waiting.
"Virtual reality has been hard to get off the ground, but kids are all about immersive experiences," they say. When VR is ready for them, "that's probably going to be the next big thing."
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Dreamers at the Guardian office in Washington, DC. Photo by Evelyn Hockstein, courtesy The Guardian.
Editor's note: This piece is co-published with The Guardian, which has invited a team of Dreamers to guest-edit the US edition for the next three days. In October, Guardian editors met with the team of Dreamers—undocumented immigrants who first came to the US as children—for the first time to discuss commissions for the project. What did our panel of Dreamers wants to see more of in the news? What issues could be better covered? Did they have any tips for journalists working on stories about their lives, and their right to stay in the US? The answer was a resounding yes—and their recommendations are below.
We're not all Mexican
Though a lot, about 79 percent, of us are. People who were born in Mexico have a much different experience than those from places like Guatemala, South Korea and India. Also, Mexico is big, and we're not all from Mexico City.
Don't say we were “brought” here
We don't like sentences such as: “Caitlin's mother brought them to the US from Guatemala when they were nine” in news stories. The word “brought” implies we are powerless, even if we have been capable of leaving the US for years and are adults with jobs. Try: “Caitlin came to the US from Guatemala when they were nine.”
We don't all have 4.2 GPAs
We understand a great student who is involved with their community is a sympathetic character, but everyone who qualifies for DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) is worthy of deportation relief. The stories of the best and brightest, the model immigrants, aren't more important than those who have to work low-paying jobs because of their immigration status, or who drop out of school to help their families.
Don't blame our parents
They made the best decision they could for us, and have often made much bigger sacrifices than we have. They risked their lives to try to get us a better future. We wouldn't be here without them, and their sacrifices are what makes it possible for us to fight for our future in the US.
DACA is not amnesty
Thanks to anti-immigrant political rhetoric, some people have taken it as fact that DACA grants us amnesty. In reality, the program grants two years of deportation relief that can be revoked. At no point did the program put us on a path to citizenship.
Our future is not an item to cross off a list
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Don't treat it like a budget line item. When writing policy stories, keep in mind that these decisions have a huge impact on our lives.
Our community is not defined by our status
Immigration activists aren't just fighting for legal status for themselves; they are fighting for the communities they live in. By seeking fair treatment, Dreamer activists also hope to improve their communities by setting higher standards for issues like education and criminal justice.
This isn't just about immigration
We also want better representation for other underrepresented groups—like the LGBT community and other racial minorities.
Don't present us as a bargaining chip
We're nearly 800,000 people, not just a tool for politicians to get more votes or sneak in other political wins. Our lives can't be used for policies that aren't representative of our community.
Don't victimize us
We know more about our situation than anyone and we're fighting it. Ask us about it, and give us a voice. We don't need your pity.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Itzel Guillen, Irving Hernandez, and Allyson Duarte are Dreamers who, with Guardian editors, are guest-editing the US edition of The Guardian.
Actress and TV host Sarah Jane Dias, who has acted in movies such as Angry Indian Goddesses and web series Inside Edge say taking up challenging roles and putting yourself in uncomfortable situation is the best way to find yourself in life. In an interview to IANS, Sarah talked about being in web series and how it has helped them grow. Sarah said, "I have read this very often and I firmly believe, the only way to grow is to put yourself in to an uncomfortable situation and challenge your fears."
"When I first started doing web series, it was a completely new phase to me. My first one was 'Inside Edge'. In a way, it was both, comfortable and uncomfortable for me. Comfortable because I was working with reputed companies and uncomfortable because it is a completely a brand-new phase for me." They further added.
Sarah who plays the role of a journalist in the web series Inside Edge said, "web is now so popular, it is so widespread and the demand is so much because consumers are binge watching them.... you have the opportunity to work with a lot of new blood, a lot of new and fresh energies. You are learning not only from the people who are well experienced but also from people who are new and that's a really nice mix for anybody, be it an actor or anybody at any job."
The actor is currently seen on Season 3 of Great Escape alongside musician Vishal Dadlani. The duo travel to the less explored regions of Himachal Pradesh.
Troops of 3 Battalion, 22 Brigade Nigerian Armies on Operation Lafiya Dole, assisted by 10 Civilian JTFs embarked on an offensive operation, at an suspected location of Boko Haram terrorists at Jarawa village in Kala Balge Local Government Area of Borno State. The troops while advancing came under heavy fire at Jarawa village, but neutralized 21 … Continue reading Troops Clear Boko Haram Terrorists Out Of Jarawa, Rescue 1,623 Persons
The post Troops Clear Boko Haram Terrorists Out Of Jarawa, Rescue 1,623 Persons appeared first on Channels Television.
The District Attorneys office said they will put $1 million into testing a backlog of rape kits. NBC 7's Liberty Zabala Reports.
Hundreds of untested rape kits sitting in storage in San Diego County will undergo testing and the results will be added to a nationwide database in the hopes the information will help prevent future crimes, the San Diego County District Attorney's Office said Tuesday.
Victims' rights organizations have raised concerns about forensic evidence left untested in police agencies across the country including here in San Diego County.
On Monday, San Diego County's District Attorney Summer Stephan announced their office has sent 350 untested rape kits to Bodie Cellmark Forensics, an outside certified lab. Results are expected by the end of the month. She's allocated $1 million to pay for the expedited testing.
“By having these rape kits tested and in the CODIS database it allows us to link and allow past victims to support new victims so we can bring these perpetrators to justice,” Stephan said Tuesday.
How Many Rape Kits Are SDPD Forensically Testing?
Police said as of last month, 2,569 kits out of 4,532 have been tested, about 57 percent. (Published Wednesday, Jan. 10, 2018)
The Combined DNA Index System (CODIS) holds convicted offender and arrestee profiles.
Victims of sexual assaults who are interested in knowing the status of the DNA kit can contact investigators through (858) 514-4661 or email kittestresults@sdsheriff.org.
Mike Grubb, Director of the San Diego County Sheriff's Crime Lab said their agency investigates approximately 150 sex crimes cases every year.
At the start of 2018, the lab had 175 cases that had been set aside for various reasons over the years, they said.
"It is those hundreds of cases that were not being pursued in an investigation that are the subject of this project," Grubb said.
"So that we can clear the shelves in not only our crime lab, our sheriff's department but in all other police departments throughout the county," they said.
The department has allocated two additional lab analysts so that, moving forward, they will be able to keep up with the rape kits it receives.
An exam performed on victims of sex crimes within 72 hours, a rape kit can help lead to identifying an attacker or a rapist. The kits can contain clothing, hair samples, and swabs that may hold DNA evidence.
"Testing rape kits for perpetrators is one more step to validate survivors that they are not going to be blamed and that we as a community are going to do everything in our power to seek justice," said Verna Griffin-Tabor, CEO/Executive Director, Center for Community Solutions.
In 2017, a San Diego Police Department spokesperson told NBC 7 there was no backlog, adding those kits are inventory and will be analyzed if an investigation called for it.
A 2014 state audit found San Diego police tested 47 percent of sexual assault evidence kits. A San Diego Police Department spokesperson said that as of December 2017, the total number of kits tested increased to 57 percent.
Testing the kits costs money and does not necessarily lead to a conviction, police officials said.
In August, the Department of Justice changed its guidelines directing all rape kits be tested.
Stephan said all local agencies are working toward the new guidelines, including tests of victims where the perpetrator may be known.
They said the San Diego Police Department has expanded its categories to ensure more rape kits undergo testing. However, they wanted to discuss the project involving the eight police agencies contracted to work with the San Diego County Sheriff's Department.
It costs an estimated $1,000 to test each kit, Stephan said.
JD.com to expand into Thailand by end 2017
The e-commerce company is also looking for local partners.
Thai consumers may soon be able to shop online using JD.com, as the Chinese e-commerce company plans to expand its operations to Thailand before the year ends.
The plan is part of its move to expand its overseas business beyond Indonesia, as well as service other Southeast Asia countries like Malaysia and Vietnam, JD.com Chairman and CEO Richard Liu told Reuters last Friday (9 June 2017).
Even though Liu did not disclose the exact amount they would invest in the project, they said that their company will "invest a lot [in Thailand] and find the best find the best local partners to work together with."
Relying on drones to improve logistics
In May, JD.com announced that its net revenue for the first quarter of 2017 was 76.2 billion yuan (US$11.22 billion), and increase 41 percent from same period in 2016.
To keep up its growth momentum, the company has diversified into data, cloud and artificial intelligence services.
It is also building a low-altitude drone logistics network in China, which will include hundreds of routes and drone air bases throughout the entire province of Shaanxi for e-commerce shipments. Heavy-load drones will be able to carry goods weighing more than a ton to remote areas or agricultural produce to cities.
According to Liu, it now costs five times more to deliver packages to remote villages than in large cities. The use of drones for delivery could help to reduce the cost to around twice the cost. They added that the move will not cause job losses for the company as "a huge staff [is needed] to maintain the drones."
"We envision a network that will be able to efficiently transport goods between cities, and even between provinces, in the future. This is a milestone not only for [our company], but also for the entire transportation industry as we extend our logistics services to other shippers on and off of JD.com," said Wang Zhenhui, CEO of JD Logistics, in the company's press release in May.
LONDON: First Abu Dhabi Bank (FAB) has “categorically” rejected claims that the bank was involved in transactions aimed at manipulating the Qatari riyal.The bank's denial followed reports that Qatar had asked US regulators to investigate the UAE bank's US subsidiary, NBAD Americas, claiming that the bank was using ‘bogus' foreign exchange deals to damage the Qatari economy, according to reports published by Reuters.“FAB conducts its business in accordance with the highest professional standards and complies with the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it operates. FAB categorically refutes these rumours,” the bank said in a filing to the Abu Dhabi bourse on Monday.The Abu Dhabi-headquartered FAB was established last year following the merger of First Gulf Bank and National Bank of Abu Dhabi.According to Reuters, the law firm representing the Central Bank of Qatar wrote to the US Treasury requesting an investigation into FAB's subsidiary, according to a letter dated Feb 26. and seen by the news agency.Lawyers also asked in a separate letter that the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigate possible currency manipulation, Reuters said.The call for an investigation comes as the UAE, as well as Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bahrain continue to be embroiled in a diplomatic rift with Qatar that started mid-last year.The Saudi-led coalition of Arab states imposed an economic boycott on Qatar on June 5, alleging that the country was supporting Islamic extremism in the region and Iran. Qatar has denied these accusations.Last December, the Central Bank of Qatar announced that it would begin an investigation into attempts to harm the Qatari economy through manipulation of the currency, securities and derivatives markets.“We know blockading countries and their agents are attempting to manipulate and undermine our currency, securities and derivatives, as part of a coordinated strategy to damage Qatar's economy.“We will not stand by while our country is attacked in this manner,” said governor of the bank, Sheikh Abdulla Bin Saoud Al-Thani in statement.The Central Bank confirmed that it had asked the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison to lead the investigation, according to the same statement.The New York-headquartered law firm did not immediately respond to Arab News requests for comments.The US Treasury and the CFTC has not replied to Arab News requests for comment. The Qatari government did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Smriti's Heartfelt Message
One of the most watched Indian television soaps, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi completes 18 years, and this is how the creator Ekta Kapoor and actor Smriti Irani took a dig at it. The family drama that first aired in the year 2000 gained immense popularity during its tenure and Smriti Irani, who played the role of Tulsi became a household name!
Ekta Kapoor Trolls The Character
Upon reading Smriti's post, Ekta Kapoor commented on one of the characters on the show. They rather trolled the character Mihir, that was often played by different actors. The director said, "Hahahah har hafte mihir badalte the",which translates to, each week a different person played Mihir's role. - (sic)
Smriti Irani's Reply To Ekta's Trolling
Agreeing to what Ekta Kapoor said about Mihir's role being played by different actors each week, Smriti Irani replied, "tell me about it!! Daily set pe aake poochna padta tha kal wala Mihir hai ki gaya." - (sic)
Ekta Says KSBKBT Changed Them Life
Ekta Kapoor also had a very sweet message to share with their fans and cast on the occasion of the show completing 18 years. They took to their Instagram handle to post an old picture taken alongside Smriti Irani and captioned it as, "18 years ago this day @starplus and @sameern changed my life ! N a star unimaginable from a relatively new medium was born @smritiiraniofficial ! Thanku @ronitboseroy @shobha9168 @rajeshjoshi n all who made this show #18yearsofkyunkiandkbc #18yearsofkyunkisaasbhikabhibahuthi"- (sic)
One Of The Longest Running Shows!
Unlike many family dramas that fail to impress the audience, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi aired for a period of 8 years with a total of 1833 episodes! The legendary show was one of its kind that defined and re-defined family values in various ways. Would you be excited to see a sequel to this show? Write in the comments below.
See who has been locked up in Berkshire in February and March
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nearly two-fifths of criminals in Reading are making victims wait until the day of the trial before pleading guilty.
Figures released by the Ministry of Justice in response to Freedom of Information request, show in the first three quarters of 2016, 37 per cent of defendants, 167 people in total, who ended up pleading guilty in Reading Crown Court cases did not do so until the day of the trial, causing a cracked trial.
This was higher than the England and Wales rate of 30 per cent over the same period.
There were also three defendants during the period, 2.1 per cent of the total, who entered their guilty plea during the trial.
Defendants who admit crimes in Reading are most likely to do so at the earliest opportunity, with 44 per cent of those who did plead guilty in trials in the first three quarters of 2016 doing so at the first hearing.
Across England and Wales, 30 per cent of defendants who pleaded guilty in crown courts did so on the day of the trial, causing a cracked trial. In comparison, 41 per cent pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity at the first hearing.
Discounted sentences for early guilty pleas
Defendants who indicate a guilty plea at the first “reasonable opportunity”, usually at a magistrates' hearing where an indication of plea is invited, or immediately on arrival at the crown court (whether at a preliminary hearing or by way of a locally approved system for indicating plea through solicitors), are eligible for a discount of a third off their sentence.
Those waiting to plead guilty until the trial date are set receive a discount of a quarter, and pleading guilty on the day or even during the trial can still attract a one-tenth discount.
In the first three quarters of 2016, 0.7 per cent of defendants who pleaded guilty did so while the trial was in progress, 294 in total, the highest proportion since at least 2010.
What is a cracked trial?
A cracked trial is one that does not commence on the scheduled date and the trial is not rescheduled, as a trial is no longer required.
Around 37 per cent of trials at magistrates' courts and 39 per cent of trials at crown courts are cracked. In the majority of cases this is because the defendant has decided to plead guilty, either as a late plea to the original charge or to an alternative charge offered by the prosecution, this happens in just over half of magistrates trials and 80 per cent of crown court trials.
Other reasons for a trial to crack is the prosecution ending the case, because of insufficient evidence, an absent witness or on public interest grounds, or because the defendant has died or is incapable through drugs and alcohol.
Marshall wants to return to Jets after 'frustrating' season
hello
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- Brandon Marshall says this was their "most frustrating year" as an NFL player, with losses, injuries and in-fighting marring the New York Jets' season.
Despite that, the 32-year-old wide receiver said Monday that they want to play next season - and hopes it's with the Jets.
Marshall's future with the franchise is uncertain since they are due $7.5 million next season and the team can save the entire amount on the salary cap if it cuts him.  They are one of a handful of veterans who could be salary-cap casualties during the offseason, but Marshall indicated they would accept a pay cut to return to the Jets.
Marshall was inactive Sunday against Buffalo with a hip injury but played through a sprained knee ligament and sprained foot for most of the season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
For centuries, the secrets of the Freemasons were known only to members.
But that's about to change after the BBC were given unprecedented access to several Scottish lodges (the Freemason term for chapters or branches) to create a brand-new documentary.
The society evolved out of Scotland after stonemasons working on the country's public buildings in the 1500s banded together — in a similar way to modern trade unions — in a bid to protect the secrets and interests of their trade.
By 1599, William Schaw, who built castles and palaces for James VI of Scotland, had laid down rules for members to abide by, including: “They shall be true to one another and live charitably together as becometh sworn brethren and companions of the Craft.”
But it wasn't until 1641 when soldier and diplomat Sir Robert Moray joined a stonemasons' lodge that the movement really kicked off.
The Grand Lodge of Scotland's curator, Bob Cooper, spoke with the BBC for the “Secrets Of The Masons” documentary, which will be aired in the UK on Tuesday.
Cooper said Freemasons were especially well known for their trademark handshake and rolled up pant legs.
“The handshake is a way of identifying one to another, especially when they had to move around Scotland looking for work,” Cooper said.
“If you went to a place where you weren't known, you had to have some kind of proof that you were able to work on a construction site.”
They said rolled up pants were a symbolic gesture.
“What it means is that your skin touches the lodge so there is physical contact between you and the lodge,” they said.
“It's just a very old and peculiar way of emphasizing the fact that you have entered an organization that you are never going to renege on.”
But perhaps the most intriguing aspect is the Freemason initiation ceremony — something so shrouded in mystery it has never been filmed, even to this day.
Current members are sworn to secrecy and details of what happens during a ceremony are murky.
However, ex-members who went on to leave the society have previously revealed some details online.
What is known is that the ceremony is based on a Bible story involving Hiram Abiff, who built the temple of Solomon but was attacked and killed after refusing to reveal the secrets of their building.
It is believed the biblical story is somehow re-enacted during a Freemason initiation ceremony, with the new recruit promising to never give away secrets of the society.
While no member would give away more details to the BBC, Brother Ewan Rutherford described their initiation ceremony as “one of the most frightening experiences I have ever had.”
Another reason why Freemasons are so endlessly fascinating to non-members is the belief that members of the group help each other to get ahead in life — a view that took hold thanks to the huge number of high-profile masons in the past and the rumor that masons in the police force would let fellow brothers off the hook for various offences.
It certainly worked for renowned poet and Freemason Robert Burns, whose secret society friends snapped up two-thirds of all copies of their first book in 1786.
But according to modern members, that's no longer the case.
“I've heard it said that people only become Freemasons in order to get a leg up the greasy pole,” Cooper said.
“There are quite possibly occasions where people have got together within Freemasonry with the intent of doing that but that is not the purpose of the Freemasons.”
Another criticism of the organization is the fact that women have traditionally been barred from joining and participating.
However, Scotland's Deputy Grand Master Ramsay McGhee told the BBC members benefited from gender segregation.
“We get criticised at times because we are men only but I firmly believe there are times when men need to be with men and there are times when women need to be with women,” they said.
“I think if we are tolerant of that fact then Freemasonry provides the ideal outlet for men.”
There are around five million masons globally.
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Keidel: Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step?During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over their upcoming fight, and made some unusually self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time their foe as the edge, at least on paper.
Microsoft is calling for a Digital Geneva Convention, as global tensions over digital attacks continue to rise.
The tech giant wants to see civilian use of the internet protected as part of an international set of accords, Brad Smith, the company's president and chief legal officer, said in a blog post.
The manifesto, published alongside their keynote address at the RSA conference in San Francisco on Tuesday, argued for codifying recent international norms around cyberwarfare and for establishing an independent agency to respond to and analyze cyberattacks.
What's more, they called on the tech industry to band together to protect users.
Such an agreement is necessary, in their opinion, because warfare in cyberspace involves infrastructure that's controlled and operated by private companies like Microsoft. Furthermore, some attacks, like the 2014 Sony hack widely attributed to North Korea, have targeted civilians.
“There's an additional consequence that results from all this,” Smith wrote. “The tech sector today operates as the first responders to nation-state attacks on the internet.
"A cyber-attack by one nation-state is met initially not by a response from another nation-state, but by private citizens.”
Smith cited an attack the tech titan dealt with last year when it discovered a nation-state actor using domains aping trademarks it holds. Microsoft then got a court order allowing it to redirect the traffic going to those domains, blocking the attack.
“Since last summer, in response to one extended such nation-state attack, we have taken down 60 domains in 49 countries spread over six continents,” they wrote.
Smith called for tech companies to unite on cybersecurity issues to protect users. Furthermore, they called for the industry to promise not to assist with offensive attacks.
“Even in a world of growing nationalism, when it comes to cybersecurity the global tech sector needs to operate as a neutral Digital Switzerland,” Smith wrote.
“We will assist and protect customers everywhere. We will not aid in attacking customers anywhere. We need to retain the world's trust. And every government, regardless of its policies or politics, needs a national and global IT infrastructure that it can trust.”
They also want those tech companies to contribute to an agency that would play a role similar to the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Such an agency would, in their vision, include participants from governments, private industry, academia and civil society. That new group would be empowered to investigate attacks and attribute particular actions to certain nations.
All of this is complicated by the current geopolitical climate. In one of their first actions as president, Donald Trump withdrew U.S. support from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a sweeping free trade agreement negotiated under the watch of their predecessor that included the participation of Australia, Canada, Japan, and other nations.
It's unclear if Trump would be inclined to take part in a multilateral diplomatic exercise, such as the one Smith is suggesting.
Such a convention on cybersecurity norms is made doubly difficult by reports that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered attacks on the U.S. Democratic National Committee in an attempt to get Trump elected.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Although a coalition of civil society organisations agrees with several members of the Union Solidarity and Development Party and military-appointed lawmakers in opposing proposed changes to Burma's Peaceful Assembly and Procession Law, the CSOs say they have no plans to cooperate with the military bloc in ongoing resistance to the amendments.
Military MPs in the Upper House were among the staunchest opponents of an amendment bill that passed in that chamber on 8 March. The Lower House is due to soon deliberate the bill and nearly 60 military MPs have registered their names to discuss the proposed legislation.
Speaking to DVB on Monday, a member of a steering committee set up by the CSO coalition said the grouping would not offer support to the military-aligned lawmakers despite their shared opposition to the proposed changes to the law. Nanda Sitt Aung, the civil society activist, essentially argued that mutual disapproval of the legislation under consideration was the extent of the two sides' common perspective, saying the CSO coalition was also opposed to the overall politics of the USDP and military.
“We value democratic standards. That's why we won't cooperate with them even though they are objecting to the bill,” they said.
The CSO steering committee plans to launch a sticker campaign in Yangon to raise awareness of the organisations' concerns about the push to amend the assembly law, and the coalition has sent input on the proposed changes to the 274 Lower House MPs of the ruling National League for Democracy and United Nationalities Alliance, which includes 12 ethnic political parties.
“We want to discuss with the MPs or relevant parliamentary committee before the debate in the Lower House,” said Nanda Sitt Aung.
The legislation approved by the Upper House earlier this month adds a provision to the existing law stipulating that if there is any individual or organisation providing funding to hold a rally, the name and contact address of the funder, as well as the amount of money involved, shall be submitted to the relevant authorities.
The bill adds: “If there is evidence that a person is giving money, material goods or other types of favours [to attendees] to join the assembly, with the intention of disrupting security, rule of law, tranquility or public morality … then they or they may receive a maximum sentence of two years' imprisonment and a fine.”
The bill passed by the Upper House amended an original proposal for a maximum three-year sentence for violators of the new provision.
Former lawmaker Nyo Nyo Thin, who is a member of an advisory sub-committee of the CSOs' steering committee, criticised the proposed amendments to the law at a press conference on Monday. They said proponents of the changes were propagandising by framing them as an effort to prevent demonstrations organised by extremist nationalists, who have in the past been accused of inflating crowd sizes by paying attendees for their participation.
“We need to do public awareness about the bill. Most people don't know about the bill and also don't know why we are objecting,” they said.
Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in Yangon on 5 March to protest the proposed amendments to the law prior to passage in the Upper House, with critics saying the changes would further curb the ability of citizens to publically assemble.
Move over Crate & Barrel, the piping hot new place to register for your wedding is Domino's Pizza.
The budget-friendly pizza chain has launched a wedding registry site. Couples can enter their names and info and their friends and family can buy them pizza for before, during, or anytime after their wedding.
There are options for bachelor and bachelorette parties, wedding receptions, or a "low-key date night" down the road.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Domino's starts a wedding registry to bring couples together (with pizza!) 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Valentine's Day is right around the corner, so we wanted to give recently engaged couples who are passionate about pizza the chance to register for something they both truly love as much as their partner," said Domino's spokesperson Jenny Fouracre.
"Choosing wedding gifts can be a daunting process, especially if couples can't agree on what to register for. Our registry aims to bring couples together over their shared love of pizza."
All the pizza gifts will come in the form of e-gift cards than can be used to order food on Domino's website.
One of the agencies working on the project was CP + B, previously known for creating those creepy "Wake up with the King" Burger King ads.
A screenshot of the Domino's Pizza wedding registry site. Domino's Pizza
The resulting marketing stunt may sound a little weird, or awesome, depending on your taste. But it actually just creates a formal process around a behavior the chain already saw happening with its customers.
"We hear often from customers that Domino's was a part of their big day, from proposals to after-hours meals at their wedding," said Fouracre. "We wanted to make it easier for people to ask for and receive something that they'll really use." Unlike that hideous crystal goblet from Aunt Carol.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:14 Solar eclipse an example of the 'universe in motion' Pause 1:07 Police spokesperson gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained 0:56 Jason Aldean's opening song during hometown benefit concert 1:07 Jason Aldean's "The Only Way I Know" Live in Macon 0:33 Cowboy boots for Jason Aldean "because we're country" 0:32 Macon baseball team owner describes what fans can expect in inaugural season 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When They Say Baby" in Macon 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email As the Macon-Bibb County Pedestrian Fatality Review Board strives to reduce deaths, the former director of Sonny Perdue's Governor's Office of Highway Safety, explains the "Vision Zero" approach to preventing deaths. Liz Fabian lfabian@macon.com
As the Macon-Bibb County Pedestrian Fatality Review Board strives to reduce deaths, the former director of Sonny Perdue's Governor's Office of Highway Safety, explains the "Vision Zero" approach to preventing deaths. Liz Fabian lfabian@macon.com
Lee Canyon announced its summer season opening just in time for Memorial Day weekend.
Kick off the unofficial start of summer on Friday, May 25 with an 18-hole disc golf course, Onewheel tours, archery, a mini skateboard ramp, and mountain biking on the nearby Bristlecone Trail, a release said. Since temperatures are cooler, add hiking to the list of activities at Lee Canyon.
Lee Canyon is open Friday through Sunday, Memorial Day and Labor Day from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
For season passes and additional information, visit the Lee Canyon website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
With only one game left and the National Football League season coming to an end, we will be directing most of our attention to the National Basketball Association.
If you have not been paying attention to the NBA so far, jumping on board now will have your mind all over the place.
In the Western Conference, the Golden State Warriors are who we thought they were, still the team to beat in the NBA. The Oklahoma City Thunder have been on a roller coaster ride trying to get Russell Westbrook, Carmelo Anthony and Paul George all on the same page while playing on the same court.
The Houston Rockets are very good and surprisingly Chris Paul and James Harden got past that awkward stage really quickly and are playing well together with a balance that fits great for their team. The San Antonio Spurs are still in the mix but with their best player, Kawhi Leonard, battling injury, I wonder how deep into the playoffs can they actually go.
In the Eastern Conference, the Cleveland Cavaliers are always in the headlines. Though they are not the best team in the conference, they continue to stay in the minds of the media and everyone else.
Dealing with their very bad defense has led to finger pointing and blaming of teammates, as well as the controversy surrounding LeBron James and their relationship with the owner, Dan Gilbert.
The controversy surrounding Kyrie Irving demanding their trade and the Cavaliers ultimately granting that demand is still high on the news radar because Irving and the Boston Celtics are now the number one seed in the east. With the Celtics playing so well, it brings more talk that maybe the Cavaliers made a mistake in trading Irving.
Maybe all the things they are going through right now is a result of missing Irving and realizing just how great they were for that franchise. You also have the Toronto Raptors and how they feel they are not getting the respect they deserve from the media, even though they are currently the number two seed in the East.
The young players of the Miami Heat, Milwaukee Bucks and the Philadelphia 76ers are showing that their youthfulness is an advantage they intend on exploiting that advantage. The fans of the 76ers are finally able to see the process play out before their eyes and they have a look at how dominant their team can be when everyone is healthy.
Then you have the new way the All-Star Game will be played Feb. 18 at Staples Center. The traditional All-Star rules when the top players in the East played the top players in the West has been shelved. Now the all star teams will be chosen just like they do on the playgrounds: Two captains choose their team from all the players left. Now the East and the West has integrated so instead of Team East and Team West, you have Team Steph and Team LeBron.
Personally, I don't have a problem with it as long as we can get a better played game as a result.
What the league should be focusing on getting better for the fans and viewers is the dunk contests. Some of the young players in the contest have been good but what happened to the superstars competing like in the 1990s.
How many people are still upset we never got to see LeBron James go up against Kobe Bryant in the dunk contest or just seeing James at all?
With the athleticism, power and strength they still possess, they can still enter and we would be excited to see him. Unlike the dunk contest, we always get the best out of the three–point shooting contest. Having Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and some of the best three–point shooters compete was great.
We have to figure out a way to bring that excitement back.
Injuries to key players like, DeMarcus Cousins will continue to play a huge role in the product we see and with so much drama in the NBA, we can't help but tune in and watch it all play out.
Shaquita Newton is a sports blogger. They can be reached at superstarproductions622@gmail.com.
Strategic investment enables Zinc to provide essential technology to underserved market
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Today, Zinc announced an $11 million funding round led by a strategic investment from GE Ventures with participation from Hearst Ventures. Existing investors Emergence Capital and CRV also participated in the round. As part of the strategic investment, GE Digital will explore opportunities to collaborate with Zinc to streamline communication for GE's approximately 100,000 deskless workers, including key integrations to complementary products like Predix and ServiceMax. Zinc's mobile communication platform connects deskless workforces with the information, knowledge and leadership that drive business results.
"There's a massive opportunity for companies delivering technology purpose-built for people working away from the teams, systems, and knowledge that can help them do their jobs better," said Lisa Coca, Managing Director of GE Ventures. "Zinc's platform can completely transform how these companies communicate. This strategic investment will help Zinc grow and continue to build essential technology for a market that's hungry for it."
Companies in industries like field service, construction, hospitality, and healthcare trust Zinc's secure communication platform to share the real-time information that's the beating heart of their business. Using Zinc, businesses can instantly communicate important or time-sensitive pieces of information to the entire company, facilitate connections and sharing between employees in the field, and make sure that management has immediate visibility into what's happening on the front lines. Whether it's quickly relaying a new operating procedure to an entire company, enabling knowledge sharing between workers miles apart, or getting product and customer feedback from the field back to managers, Zinc connects employees with the real-time knowledge that drives business results.
"Communication is the lifeblood of an organization. Mobile workers are projected to make up 72% of the U.S. workforce by 2020 -- yet this group is too often left disconnected from their companies," said Zinc CEO Stacey Epstein. "We've seen firsthand, through working with customers like Vivint and BlueLine Rental, how transformational and easy to use Zinc is for both workers and businesses. This new round of funding and strategic partnership with GE and Hearst allow us to continue delivering solutions that empower organizations with information that makes them safer, more connected, and ultimately more effective."
"We focus on industries that have been historically neglected by technology," said Darcy Frisch, Managing Director and Vice President of Hearst Ventures. "Zinc's focus on deskless workforces makes this investment a perfect fit. We're excited to see Zinc grow and keep building technology for companies that truly need it."
About Zinc
Zinc is a San Francisco-based company that believes communication is the essential element every company needs to do its best work. By providing the technology that drives knowledge dissemination in organizations with deskless workers, Zinc's full-featured communications platform illuminates ideas and makes information come to life. Zinc's platform combines secure messaging, broadcasts, voice, video, file & location sharing, and more in an easy to use mobile-first interface. Backed by GE Ventures, Hearst Ventures, Emergence Capital Partners and CRV, Zinc has raised $16 million as part of its mission to inform and empower workers in industries underserved by technology. For more information, visit www.zinc.it and follow @Zinc on Twitter.
After a shooting injured a colleague, Capitol Police officers and staff, members of Congress in both parties came together Wednesday, calling for less heated rhetoric and avoided politicizing the attack.
Though social media was charged with divisive, partisan rhetoric in the wake of Wednesday's shooting at a Republican baseball practice, most members of Congress responded with messages of unity, hesitant to re-open the contentious gun control debate or politicize the attack.
Republicans were holding an early morning practice for the annual charitable baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia, on Wednesday when a man opened fire, injuring GOP Rep. Steve Scalise, two Capitol Police officers, an aide, and a lobbyist. Members described a harrowing scene in which those at the practice faced a barrage of bullets, taking shelter in the dugouts. They repeatedly thanked Capitol Police and suspected that had officers not been at the diamond, more could have been injured or killed. "Everyone on that field is a public servant," President Donald Trump said later in the morning. "We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capitol is here because, above all, they love our country."
On Capitol Hill, lawmakers from both parties echoed Trump's sentiment. "We are united in our shock and anguish," Speaker Paul Ryan told House members who gathered in the chamber in the aftermath of the shooting. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us."
Speaker Ryan: "We are united in our shock, we are united in our anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all… https://t.co/BRncsD92m9
"Before this House returns to its business, let's just slow down and reflect, to think about how we're all being tested right now," Ryan said in conclusion. "Because we are being tested right now. "I ask each of you to join me in resolving to come together, to lift each other up, and to show the country — to show the world — that we are one House. The people's House — united in our humanity," they said. “It is that humanity which will win the day, and it always will.” Members from both sides of the aisle rose to give Ryan a standing ovation as House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi took to the podium. "To my colleagues, you're going to hear me say something you have never heard me say before: I identify myself with the remarks of the Speaker," they said, looking to Ryan with a smile. Pelosi said they have always prayed for the happiness and cooperation of members of the House, but that in recent years, their prayers have also focused on their safety. "And so I prayed for Barack Obama, and now I continue to pray for him. And I pray for Donald Trump, that their presidency will be successful and that their family will be safe," they said. Pelosi's colleague, House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, urged the public to come together following the shooting. “Rep. Scalise and I may stand on opposite sides of the aisle as our parties' whips, but at the end of the day we are friends, fellow Representatives, and fellow Americans," Hoyer said in a statement. "I hope everyone in our country will take time today to reflect on how our commonalities far outweigh our differences and that we all share in the work of this grand experiment in democracy.” The congressional baseball game, which is still set to take place on Thursday night, brings Republicans and Democrats together to face off in a friendly match for charity. They prepare in the weeks before by attending early morning practices with other members before heading to the Capitol for work. By its very nature, the game allows members — and their staff — to put partisan differences aside and get to know one another.
And a source of camaraderie for staff and aides. Multiple leagues on Capitol Hill involve staff of members playing… https://t.co/WlyPeOQS3D
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said they were “grateful [the shooting] wasn't worse," but offered a reminder: "Maybe we should just knock it down a notch in terms of our rhetoric."
Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin, the Democratic Whip — who said they grew up not far from where the alleged shooter reportedly was from — acknowledged the high number of shootings in the US, but said members of Congress know they "at an impasse" when it comes to the gun control debate. "I think there's a fatigue," they said. "We know each other's arguments, and we know nothing's going to happen." Another Democrat, Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine — who represents the state where the shooting occurred — also shut down the idea of starting a new gun control debate on Wednesday. "We don't know the facts," they said. "We need to know the facts rather than speculate."
Emma Loop is a politics reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Washington, DC. Contact Emma Loop at emma.loop@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
DULUTH, Minn. (AP) — Officials say the expected departures of six vessels this week will mark the star of the 2018 commercial shipping season in the Twin Ports of Duluth, Minnesota, and Superior, Wisconsin.
The Duluth Seaway Port Authority says departure times are hard to pinpoint, but the first two vessels plan to leave their winter berths on Tuesday. They include a tug, as well as a freighter that will head for Two Harbors to load iron ore. Four other ore boats are expected to leave Thursday and Friday.
Once loaded, the ore boats will proceed across Lake Superior toward Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, to await the opening of the Soo Locks at 12:01 a.m. on Sunday. Duluth-Superior could see its first arrivals a day or two later, depending on ice conditions.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
UPS shooter was armed with assault pistol
hello
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. San Francisco police confirmed a shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood but didn't release information on injuries or the shooter.
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. San Francisco police confirmed a shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood but didn't release information on injuries or the shooter.
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. San Francisco police confirmed a shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood but didn't release information on injuries or the shooter.
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. San Francisco police confirmed a shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood but didn't release information on injuries or the shooter.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, they put the weapon to their head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
------
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. They say that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
------
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
------
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says they heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said they looked out their apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
They say another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says they "saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings."
------
10:45 a.m.
A witness says they heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter" after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says they brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. They reopened after they saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from their shop.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says they believe the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
------
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said Wednesday that they believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
They said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
------
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
------
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Portero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
'Shape of Water,' 'Big Little Lies' lead Golden Globes
hello
This image released by Sony - TriStar Pictures shows Michelle Williams, left, and Mark Wahlberg in a scene from "All the Money in the World." Williams was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actor in a motion picture drama for their role in the film. The 75th Golden Globe Awards will be held on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018 on NBC. (Fabio Lovino/Sony-TriStar Pictures via AP)
This image released by Fox Searchlight shows Frances McDormand from the film "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri." On Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, McDormand was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actor in a motion picture drama for their role in the film. The 75th Golden Globe Awards will be held on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018 on NBC. (Merrick Morton/Fox Searchlight via AP)
In this image released by 20th Century Fox, Tom Hanks portrays Ben Bradlee in a scene from "The Post." On Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, Hanks was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actor in a motion picture drama for their role in the film. The 75th Golden Globe Awards will be held on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018 on NBC. (Niko Tavernise/20th Century Fox via AP)
This image released by Fox Searchlight Pictures shows Sally Hawkins, left, and Octavia Spencer in a scene from the film "The Shape of Water." On Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, Hawkins was nominated for a Golden Globe for best actor in a motion picture drama for their role in the film. The 75th Golden Globe Awards will be held on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018 on NBC. (Fox Searchlight Pictures via AP)
This image released by HBO shows Nicole Kidman, left, and Alexander Skarsgard in "Big Little Lies." Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Hilary Bronwyn Gayle/HBO via AP)
NEW YORK -- Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale "The Shape of Water" swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama "Big Little Lies" led the television nominees with six nods.
In what is seen as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind "The Shape of Water," including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post," with six nominations including the best actor for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" also got a major boost with six nominations, including the best actor for Frances McDormand.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama "All the Money in the World." Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in the film, was nominated for best supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best supporting actor.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
The nominees for best picture drama are: "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''Lady Bird," ''The Greatest Showman," and "I, Tonya."
The awards were announced from Beverly Hills, California, after a week of still-burning fires have ravaged Southern California. The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes, with the blazes even entering the nearby neighborhood of Bel Air.
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners -- "Moonlight" and "La La Land" -- both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with "Moonlight" emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for oddball choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 percent, according to Nielsen. This year, Fallon's NBC late-night partner, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony.
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen. Last year's honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before their inauguration, leading them to criticize the actor as "overrated." This year, they -- along with Spielberg and Hanks -- return with a pointed and timely drama, "The Post," about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
The US is retaliating against Russia by forcing its consulate in San Francisco to close and scaling back its diplomatic presence in Washington and the Big Apple.
The State Department said the move was in response to the Kremlin forcing a hefty cut in US diplomatic staff in Moscow.
Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the move brings the US and Russia into “parity” — with each having three consulates in the other country.
Moscow forced the cut in American diplomatic staff earlier this year in retaliation for US sanctions, a move that cut the diplomatic staff by 755 people.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the US would respond by September.
The Russian offices must close by Saturday.
The order affects Russia's “chancery annex” in Washington and a “consular annex” on the Upper East Side in New York.
With AP
By Music News Group
Dave M. Benett/VF17/WireImageAre Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom back together? The old flames were spotted getting cozy at an Ed Sheeran concert at Staples Center in Los Angeles Saturday.
Fans snapped photos of them in crowd. Two of them that have since been removed showed Katy learning back against Orlando.
“They definitely seemed like they're back together,” an eyewitness tells E! News. “They cuddled most of the night. They sat on their lap most of the night and shared kisses.”
The source adds, “They looked like they were having the time of their lives. People didn't really bug them I don't really think people knew it was them because they had hats on and stuff.”
And it seems Katy hitched a ride with Orlando to the concert. TMZ has photos of the singer on the back of Orlando's motorcycle.
Katy and Orlando dated for about 10 months before calling it quits in February.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Bloomberg View Weekend Edition hosted by June Grasso.
Guests: James Gibney, Bloomberg View editor: "A Summit Failure Would Hurt Trump More Than Kim." Ferdinando Giugliano, economics columnist for La Repubblica and Bloomberg View columnist: "Let the Populists Try to Govern Italy." Justin Fox, Bloomberg View columnist: "There's a Dark Side to the American Shale Boom." Conor Sen, Portfolio Manager for New River Investments and a columnist for Bloomberg View: "Gains in Minimum Wage Will Squeeze Upper-Middle Class." Hal Brands, Henry A. Kissinger Distinguished Professor at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS), and a columnist for Bloomberg View: "Pompeo Is the Anti-Tillerson. Maybe He's an Adult."
Running time 31:08
The Monta Vista High School boys volleyball team fought off three championship points in a dramatic fifth set and blocked consecutive Clovis attacks for the deciding points to capture the school's first CIF NorCal Division I boys volleyball championship 20-25, 25-20, 25-20, 23-25, 17-15 last Saturday afternoon.
In an instant classic, the third-seed Matadors (35-5) closed with a 5-1 run in front of the home crowd in Cupertino.
“The difference was just a couple plays,” Monta Vista coach Paul Chiu said. “My guys executed our game plan perfectly. They (Clovis) are an awesome team, but our blocks stayed disciplined. In the fifth set, we had to make plays. Our blocking came up huge.”
Rajas Habbu led the Matadors with 21 kills, captain Jason Shen added 16, and Nikhil Bapat contributed 12. The visiting Cougars, now 40-6, were paced by 6-foot-5 sophomore David Hawkins with 31 kills.
Both Monta Vista and fourth-seeded Clovis captured semifinal victories in road upsets over fierce rivals (Bellarmine and Buchanan, respectively) to reach the title match. which did not disappoint as the back-and-forth momentum swings thrilled a large crowd.
Clovis came out strong, Monta Vista rallied late in the second set to even matters, the Matadors rolled through the third and then the Cougars rebounded to capture the fourth set and led much of the way in the final set.
But Monta Vista had the last flurry to claim the title.
“It's the way volleyball is,” Shen said. “Teams go on runs. They're a great team, and that forced us to play our best. Our middles (Apoorv Pachori and Kevin Tong) made some big blocks, and the brothers Chris Liou and Willy Liou stepped up big.”
In the decisive final set's late stages, Hawkins crushed three kills and added an ace to build a 13-10 Cougars lead. A Habbu kill and a Shen blast off the block narrowed the advantage but Clovis' Joseph Hawkins, scored from the middle for a 14-12 lead.
“Our senior captain Jason Shen got us going,” Matador junior Kevin Mathew said. “He told us to take it one point at a time.”
Shen pounded two kills to tie the score at 14-all, but Clovis' Direito drilled the ball down to put the Cougars on the top step again. Monta Vista setter Mathew coolly scored on a dump to even the scoreboard again, and it was then time for the Matador block party.
“I felt like we were in a good spot,” Chiu said. “It was the rotation I wanted. We had a good server (Mathew) and we had our strong guys in the front line.”
Clovis came hard through the middle, but Bapat was in position to block the ball back for a point. Shen denied the next attack and the Cougars could not chase down the ball as the bench exploded and the home crowd erupted.
Resiliency and versatility were key for the Matadors. Top outside hitter Gautham Dasari was lost to injury just before the NorCal playoffs started. Chen moved from libero to hitter. Other players changed positions and filled in.
Baseball
With a 10-run outburst in the fourth inning, The King's Academy (23-6-1) earned its first-ever CCS baseball title last Saturday afternoon during a 14-2, five-inning win over No. 1 seed St. Francis-Watsonville at San Jose Municipal Stadium.
“This is brand new for us, so we're just enjoying the moment,” said TKA coach Gregg Mugg about the Division III championship. “I don't know what to say right now. It's pretty cool.”
The final out, a pop up behind home plate, left senior catcher Kaleb Chung sprawled on the dirt right as teammates mobbed him.
“I'm glad I made that play, I'm glad it was me, I'm just glad everything happened and fell into place today,” said Chung, a transfer from Monta Vista prior to their junior year.
“We had a group of seniors that were good kids, obviously they're pretty good baseball players, they all got along,” Mugg said. “I think the chemistry is the big thing with them.”
The King's Academy, which was the No. 2 seed, reached the title game with a 9-0 shutout of No. 6 Carmel last Wednesday.
Staff writer Vytas Mazeika contributed to this roundup.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
At The NAFA 2018
Most recently, Dulquer Salmaan was in New York and Toronto for the NAFA (North American Film Awards 2018). The actor had won the award for the Best Actor (Popular) for their performances in the films Solo and Parava.
The Groupfie
Earlier, a star-studded groupfie was doing the rounds on social media. In the selfie, which was posted through the Facebook page of Trisha, you can see Dulquer Salmaan, Trisha, Parvathy, Manju Warrier, Tovino Thomas, Vijay Yesudas and Manya.
Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram & Others
Now, a short video clip taken from NAFA 2018 has been doing the rounds on the internet. This particular video features Dulquer Salmaan, along with Kalidas Jayaram and others grooving to the tunes of a super hit Bollywood song, while they came together on stage. Any guesses on the song?
Lungi Dance
Well, Dulquer Salmaan is seen grooving to the tunes of the song Lungi Dance, from the blockbuster Bollywood movie Chennai Express. Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram, Neeraj Madhav, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Gopi Sunder etc., came together on stage and each one of them are seen dancing to the song. Vijay Yesudas who sung the song joined them as well.
By Annie Reuter
Ed Sheeran is well known for their chart-topping hits but the singer/songwriter also has a heart of gold. During a recent episode of Ireland's The Ray D'Arcy Show, one young man told a story about how the singer granted their sister their dying wish.
Related: Ed Sheeran Shoots ‘Galway Girl' Music Video in Galway
Sheeran fan Triona Priestly lost a long battle with cystic fibrosis in 2014 and their brother, Aiden, recently recounted their final moments and the happiness Sheeran brought them
“We were in this small little ICU room,” they recalled. “Triona in this huge bed covered in tubes and machines. My brother left the room. They returned then and said, ‘I'm just going to put you on loud speaker,' and they click it, then Ed Sheeran comes on and saying, ‘Hi Triona. I hear you're a big fan.'”
Sheeran spoke to Triona for a moment and said that they heard their favorite song was “Little Bird.” Then they played the tune in its entirety for them
“Then we hang up on him, probably a bit rude at the time, and the doctor lifts the stethoscope to tell us their heart had stopped. And we take the mask off because she'd been on a machine to breathe—and in that moment, I remember, a burst of light comes from the window and they smiled,” they added.
Sheeran first learned about Triona's struggle when fans launched a Twitter campaign #SongForTri. When they heard they had died Sheeran paid tribute to Triona.
Aidan Priestley on @edsheeran's amazing act of kindness to their late sister Triona in their last moments. #RayDarcy https://t.co/RWh3ggQYl6 —
The Ray D'Arcy Show (@RTERayDarcyShow) April 15, 2017
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," they said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," they said.
With the couple splitting up, they can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and their husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
Steve Kerr recalled a pretty hilarious story about one of the first times they had to guard Michael Jordan back when the now-Warriors head coach was a player on the Cavaliers, before they were MJ's teammate. USA TODAY Sports‘ Jeff Zillgitt asked Kerr if it was frustrating going up against Jordan at the press conference the day before Game 1 of the NBA Finals.
Kerr laughed while explaining how fast Jordan's fakes were. They said:
“He (Jordan) faked right, faked back left and went right, and I stayed right in front of him. But only because I went for the first fake. We came to the bench and (head coach) Lenny Wilkens said, ‘You guys, did you see what Steve just did? They stayed in front. That's what you have to do.' I said, ‘That's right, guys! Come on!' I was literally still going for the first fake and they came right back to me, so that was my highlight.”
Steve Kerr shares a story of getting faked out while guarding Michael Jordan 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/U4GB4F8Rjg — NBA TV (@NBATV) May 30, 2018
Kerr also told a (serious) Jordan story in an attempt to motivate Kevin Durant during the Western Conference finals last week.
Steve Kerr tells Kevin Durant story about Phil Jackson advising Michael Jordan about trusting their teammates pic.twitter.com/aRoW9eqKTZ — gifdsports (@gifdsports) May 25, 2018
The Warriors face the Cavaliers in Game 1 of the Finals on Thursday. The game coverage starts on ABC at 9 p.m. ET.
Sophie Choudry Tweeted Against Saroj Khan's Disgusting Statements!
"WTH?!!!! So much respect for Saroj-ji as a choreographer but this is how they use their position to protect girls?!!! If I didn't come from a financially sound background I would have returned to London within a month of being in mumbai cos of "industry folk" who think like that!!"
Saroj Khan's ILLOGICAL statement on Casting couch; Watch video | FilmiBeat
Nobody Wants To Sleep Around For Work
"Can't begin to think what thousands of girls go through in the hope that their "dreams" will come true! Nobody wants to sleep with someone for work. But they are made to feel it's the only way & "acceptable". And for those who don't, it's a tough road! This has to stop! #TimesUp," Sophie Choudry summed it up.
No Respect To Saroj Khan Says Sri Reddy
"I lost respect for you Saroj ma'am. Being an elder you should give a good path to young actores. It is giving a wrong indication that you have to be a slave to producers," said Telugu actor Sri Reddy.
Sri Reddy's Ordeal
Telugu actor Sri Reddy took on the casting couch by stripping on the streets and sent a strong message to the sexual predators who demand favours from actores.
Saroj Khan Apologises, But There's No Value!
Saroj Khan apologised for their statements for defending the casting couch and their apology was just a simple, "I apologise for my statement." We wonder did they really mean that she's sorry or said it just for the heck of it.
Getty
In a press release today Apple showed off hundreds of new emoji. The emoji include smiley faces and gender-neutral clothing options. There may be battery swelling issues in the newest iPhone, but at least there will be these fun emojis to make up for it.
The new emoji will debut next week in the developer and beta previews of iOS 11.
To get the new emojis, all you have to do is download iOS 11.1 when it releases. Software updates that include the new emojis will be available on iOS, macOS and watchOS.
They will be coming to iPhone and iPad with the iOS 11.1 update.
Apple originally announced some of these characters on July 17 for World Emoji Day. The emoji unveiled on that day included Woman with Headscarf, Bearded Person and Breastfeeding. There were also food items like sandwich and coconut.
If you're a more animal-centric person, this update comes with a T. rex emoji and a Zebra. They'll be fun for anyone that's able to get the new update.
The new emoji will definitely be available on the all Mac devices. The iPhone X may get more fun emojis with the new animoji that use facial recognition. Those Animoji are available directly within the messenger app. The emojis that will be available for this will keep growing, but it's confirmed that they will have monkeys, cats, dogs, aliens, and of course the poop emoji.
The Apple iPhone X, pronounced iPhone ten, releases at the end of this month. Some analysts have said that consumers may be holding off on the iPhone 8 and waiting for the iPhone X instead, which will be available for pre-order on October 27. It will be officially released on November 3 Some sources say those phones may not ship on time due to a lack of production materials, so consumers may not be able to pick up their iPhone X until early 2018.
Read more about Apple from Heavy:
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Another comeback victory for Cubs
hello
The Cubs' Albert Almora Jr., left, and Ben Zobrist high-five after they score during the seventh inning of Wednesday's 5-2 win over the Detroit Tigers at Wrigley Field. Associated Press
The Cubs used a tried-and-true method Wednesday: falling behind the opposition and coming from behind to win.
They extended their winning streak to six by beating the Detroit Tigers 5-2 at Wrigley Field to move a season-high 14 games over .500 at 49-35.
The Cubs trailed in each of their six straight victories before rallying to win.
The Tigers held leads of 1-0 and 2-1 before the Cubs rallied and pulled away.
Cubs starting pitcher Jose Quintana gave up a first-inning home run to Nicholas Castellanos. The Cubs' David Bote hit their first major-league homer, a drive to center field, to tie the game in the second against Francisco Liriano.
John Hicks hit a solo homer in the third for Detroit.
The Cubs tied it in exciting fashion in the fourth. Javier Baez led off with a single. They stole second base as Liriano threw to first. Tigers first baseman Hicks threw the ball away for an error, and Baez made it to third base.
Addison Russell walked. When Liriano tossed over to first on a pickoff attempt, Baez charged home and eluded the tag of catcher James McCann for a steal of home.
The Cubs got a solo homer from Willson Contreras in the sixth and a 2-run double from Contreras in the seventh.
Quintana turned in the Cubs' first quality start since Jon Lester did so on June 20. Quintana worked 6 innings, giving up 5 hits and 2 runs.
Police: Man used recording, tracking devices to spy on ex-girlfriend
hello
Juan Ramos-Avila is free on bond and ordered to stay away from the victim.
An Aurora man charged with spying on their ex-girlfriend confessed to police in February an elaborate scheme of visiting the woman's apartment using fake keys to rotate recording devices and fashioning tracking devices out of old iPhones for them vehicle.
Juan Ramos-Avila, 25, of the 500 block of North Avenue, faces charges of felony residential burglary, unauthorized video recording, eavesdropping and unlawful use of a tracking device.
According to an affidavit used to secure a search warrant, Ramos-Avila detailed their spying scheme after they were caught at 10 a.m. Feb. 15 entering the woman's apartment, carrying a backpack and wearing blue rubber gloves.
The woman's boyfriend heard the front door open and a man come in, so they punched the man, knocking them to the ground. They detained Ramos-Avila and called police.
The woman found an audio recording device taped inside their nightstand Feb. 14, called their boyfriend and they later found a camera in the bedroom curtains with slits in the fabric to record more, according to the affidavit.
Ramos-Avila said the woman broke up with them a year ago during a video-recorded confession, police said.
They said they researched ways to break into homes using bump keys, entered the woman's apartment in August 2017 and read letters written to them by their new love interest. They came back, hid a voice-activated audio recorder in their room, and came back a day or two later to get it, but the bedroom's air conditioning unit made noise and the device's batteries had drained.
They then put the recorder in the nightstand and a motion-activated camera to hide in the curtains.
The camera battery didn't last too long, so Ramos-Avila bought a second camera to exchange with it whenever they would return to the apartment using the bump key.
They told police they taped cellphones underneath the cars of the woman and their boyfriend, and then activated the "find my phone" app on each phone to get a location.
The phone batteries would last a week and they would have to change them. " (Ramos-Avila) explained they would do this late at night or early morning, under the cover of darkness," according to the affidavit.
Ramos-Avila is free after posting $1,000 bond and due in court Wednesday. They face anywhere from probation to 15 years in prison if convicted.
CINCINNATI (AP) — President Donald Trump heads to Ohio on Monday to make Cincinnati-area stops focusing on the new tax overhaul — though some in a state with one of the nation's highest overdose rates would rather hear more about their plans for the drug crisis.
In Newtown, outside Cincinnati, Police Chief Tom Synan said they found Trump's comments on opioids in their State of the Union address to be “much of the same. There are very convincing words and there's yet to be very convincing actions.”
Synan, a law enforcement representative on the Cincinnati-based Hamilton County Heroin Coalition, wrote a column recently for The Cincinnati Enquirer calling for more urgency in the national response.
Trump's declaration of a public health emergency in October, they wrote, hasn't been backed by more federal funding.
“We need that help to allow us get to the next level,” Synan said in an interview. “There are so many more things that could be done, so many more people we could help.”
The White House didn't respond to a request for comment. Trump on Tuesday night had cited the deaths of 64,000 Americans from drug overdoses in 2016, a number expected to rise in 2017.
“It is terrible,” Trump said. “We have to do something about it.”
Trump said their administration is committed to fighting the problem and getting more treatment for those needing it. Stepped-up border security will help fight the drug influx, they said, and the nation needs to get “much tougher” on drug dealers to stop what they called “this scourge.”
The Ohio president of the Fraternal Order of Police, Jay McDonald, attended the State of the Union as a guest of Republican U.S. Sen. Rob Portman.
“I think they hit the nail on the head about the scope of the problem,” said McDonald, of Marion in central Ohio. “I like the fact they said we need to be tough on traffickers and provide treatment to those addicted.”
McDonald said he'd like to see Trump and Ohio leaders address the “drastic need for a proven prevention plan” aimed at heading off youth involvement with drugs.
Hamilton County Heroin Coalition chairperson Denise Driehaus, a Democratic county commissioner, said they would welcome a Trump visit to discuss what's needed from the federal government for the opioid battle.
“We'd ask them to partner with us,” they said. “We're limited by lack of resources.”
They and Synan suggested federal, state and local authorities could coordinate for a “one-stop shop” to link drug users with treatment options, getting insurance, diversion programs and other needs. More federal funding and regulation and policy changes could expand capacity for treatment and recovery, they said.
Ohio reported 4,050 overdose deaths in 2016, the second-highest overdose death rate after neighboring West Virginia.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Multiple women have come forward with sexual harassment allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein. The bombshell accusations were reported by The New York Times and involved various actores and employees.
The Times report cites actor Ashley Judd‘s encounter with Weinstein. They claim the producer once invited them to a hotel for what they thought was a breakfast meeting. Instead of the meeting, though, Judd said they were invited upstairs to Weinstein's room, where they were wearing only a bathrobe. They allegedly asked them if they could give them a massage or they could watch them shower.
“How do I get out of the room as fast as possible without alienating Harvey Weinstein?” Judd remembered thinking during an interview with the newspaper.
That incident took place 20 years ago, Judd said, and a separate 2014 incident involved a former temporary employee, Emily Nestor. After working for them for only one day, Weinstein allegedly told Nestor he'd “boost their career” if they were to have sex with him, they reportedly told colleagues.
Another accusation came from 39-year-old Lauren Sivan. They were an anchor on Long Island 12, a cable channel in New York at the time and came forward with their story of Weinstein's advances to Yashar Ali of The Huffington Post.
In Ali's article, Sivan spoke of an incident 10 years ago where Weinstein masturbated in front of them
In their recent career, Sivan worked as a anchor and contributor to the show “Red Eye” on Fox News Channel and was also an anchor at the company.
Here's what you need to know about Sivan and their allegations against Weinstein:
1. Sivan Alleges Weinstein Trapped them in a Restaurant Kitchen & Masturbated in front of them
Sivan said they went with others to Cipriani, a popular Italian restaurant in Manhattan, and met with Weinstein. After eating together, the group went to a Cuban-themed club/restaurant called Socialista. Weinstein was an investor in the business at the time, and the group congregated in the club area. At one point, Weinstein allegedly asked Sivan if they wanted to go on a tour of the restaurant. They “reluctantly agreed” and went downstairs alone with Weinstein, telling their friend to come check on them if they didn't return in 10 minutes.
Once downstairs in the restaurant, Weinstein and Sivan made small talk as they walked into the kitchen. With the restaurant closed at the time,Weinstein leaned in for a kiss, Sivan told Ali. They said that they rejected the kiss, telling Weinstein that they had a serious boyfriend.
“Well, can you just stand there and shut up?” Weinstein allegedly asked Sivan.
Sivan said they were unable to get past Weinstein as they got exposed their genitals and started masturbating. They told Ali that they were in shock and wasn't sure what to do or say, adding that the ordeal didn't last too long.
Yeah. This happened👇🏽luckily I didn't need a job or favor from them + didn't have to be polite. Others did. Keep that in mind. https://t.co/mXs2RIU5kU — Lauren Sivan (@LaurenSivan) October 7, 2017
Sivan said that Weinstein ejaculated into a potted plant nearby, and their friend came looking for them but was at first halted by a security guard. They ended up getting to the lower level and greeted the pair as they left the kitchen.
The Weinstein Company and Weinstein's attorney, Lisa Bloom, didn't provide comment to Ali for their story when requested.
On October 7, The Weinstein Company announced Weinstein was going on “indefinite leave” while the sexual harassment allegations are investigated.
2. Sivan Alleges Weinstein Called Them the Next Day & Told Them They Had a ‘Great Time'
Sivan said that they briefly told their friend what happened afterward, but ultimately remained quiet about it because they were in a long-term relationship and was intimidated by Weinstein's media power. They told Ali that Weinstein called them at their office the next day while working and asked them out once more.
Weinstein told them that they ‘had a great time last night' during the phone conversation, the article alleges. Weinstein then allegedly asked them if they wanted to get together again once they returned from an out-of-the-country trip. They said they responded by saying no, reminding them that they were in a relationship. According to Sivan, they haven't had any communication with Weinstein since the alleged incident took place in 2007.
3. Sivan Graduated Earned Them Bachelor's Degree From George Washington University
According to Sivan's LinkedIn page, they graduated from George Washington University in 2000 with a bachelor's degree in journalism and political science. One of Sivan's first jobs was for WETM-18 News in 2003. After working there and also for a number of local media companies, Sivan was offered a contributor role to Fox News Channel's “Red Eye” in 2008. They also worked as an on-air anchor at the news network.
In 2010, Sivan went back to school at Long Island University. They earned their master's degree in homeland security, law enforcement, firefighting and related protective services in 2011, their LinkedIn said. Also in 2010, they started working as an anchor/reporter for News12 Networks.
One year later, Sivan got a job at KTTV Fox 11 in Los Angeles, where they work as an anchor/reporter.
4. Sivan Was Once Engaged to Fox News Channel's Rick Leventhal
A 2005 article by New York Post's Page Six said that Sivan had been dating Rick Leventhal, a Fox News Channel reporter at the time. Sometime during the year, they asked Sivan to marry him, and they subsequently made had plans to get married in February 2006, the publication noted.
However, the marriage between the two was postponed and never came. They split up, and the exact reason why wasn't immediately known, according to FTV Live. It's not clear if Sivan is currently in a relationship.
5. Sivan Has Had Several Interesting Interactions While Working as a Reporter/Anchor
In their time as an anchor/reporter, Sivan has had several interesting appearances. In 2015, Jimmy Kimmel featured Sivan on their late night talk show.
During an interview while they're working at KTLA, Sivan was tasked with speaking to people and asking them the best ways to beat the heat during the summer. Sivan came across a man at a dog park who said they thought people were “too much into” air conditioning.
“If you go back 20, 40 years, not so many people had air conditioning, it's a more new thing,” the man said. “Think about 100 years ago, who turned on the air conditioning then?”
“Yeah, but they were so sweaty, they probably didn't look pretty 100 years ago,” Sivan answers. “I like to be refrigerated.”
The man catches Sivan — and viewers — off guard with their candid response.
“I like to smell your sweat,” they said unexpectedly.
Sivan breaks into laughter and says they “did not see that coming.”
They also had another incident in 2015 when speaking about then-Speaker of the House John Boehner, who had just announced their intention to resign. While on the anchor's desk, Sivan was supposed to read their name off the teleprompter, and did so. However, they suffered from a slip of the tongue, mispronouncing the former member of congress's name the one way you're not supposed to.
Check out the video of the on-air incident by clicking here.
WATCH: Last week's big winter storm may be over, but city officials are still tallying up the costs associated with snow clearing this season. As Calvin To reports, all that salt and sand costs a bundle and it's still five more weeks until spring.
In Sidney Tuesday, a crew from Garden City Snow and Anti-Ice Services was back to landscaping, building a walkway that would've been done last week, had it not been for the snow.
The company converted the majority of its fleet over to spring duty this morning.
It's a far cry from last week, when heavy snow blanketed parts of Vancouver Island, presenting a major challenge for work crews.
“We have to be ready, which means we move our machines onto site before it snows. We usually do that in the hours leading up to it,” says Colin Eaton, one of Garden City's owners.
The City of Victoria was one of many places on the island where crews were struggling to keep up with the snow.
“For a few days there, it was enough to keep us busy,” says Ed Robertson, the City of Victoria's Assistant Director of Public Works.
So far in 2017, the City of Victoria has spent $196,000, much more than the $36,000 in its budget for snow clearing and winter related costs.
The District of Saanich has spent $126,828 out of its $180,000 budget.
The City of Langford pays a private contractor a set fee of $40,000, plus the cost of salt and sand, which has added $20,000 to the cost so far this year.
The City of Nanaimo within its budget, having spent $550,000 out of its total $800,000 budget, which includes a $400,000 reserve.
Editor's note: This is the third and final story in a series highlighting use of biosolids in Bath Township and resident concerns.
BATH TOWNSHIP — The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency is hosting a public hearing 6 p.m. Thursday, March 22 at the Howard Conference Center in the Greene County Career Center, 2960 W. Enon Road in Xenia, regarding a permit application to expand operations at a Bath Township farm where renewable energy is produced.
The permit application has been a cause of concern for some Bath Township residents, including Ron and Kassie Lester, who reside on the 700 block of Herr Road. The group of concerned citizens plans to attend the public hearing to voice their opposing views.
Some of the issues raised by the group included the potential depreciation of residential properties near the facility and the impact of increased semi-truck traffic transporting the sludge over narrow country roads to the digester plant.
“The trucks are tearing up our roads and spilling sludge onto them. The township has spoken to the Ohio Department of Transportation about widening the intersection at State Route 235 and Herr Road to compensate for the large trucks. I am sure the Bath Township taxpayers will have to absorb some of the costs that will incur with the project,” Lester said.
The Lester couple also filed a zoning complaint with Bath Township Zoning Inspector Jim Miller on Feb. 7. The couple claimed that the agricultural exemption status of the facility was inaccurate and should be rezoned for commercial/industrial use. However, their complaint was denied.
“According to Ohio Revised Code 5713.30 (A) (1) (b), a digester can only be zoned agricultural if 50 percent of the feedstock that is used comes from the farm. In the case of this digester, a combination of 5 percent hog manure, 25 percent biosolids (human waste), and 70 percent industrial waste is used in the process,” Lester said. “This information comes straight from the Renergy flyer for this facility.”
Greene County Assistant Prosecutor Stephanie Hayden, who is the legal representative of the township, provided a written response to the complaint on Feb. 9 and reiterated on the topic during the Feb. 21 township meeting.
“Ohio townships are limited as to what they can and cannot enforce from a zoning perspective. Those limitations come from state law and not from an individual township or county,” Hayden stated in their response. “Once a property qualifies for the zoning exemption, there is simply nothing that the township zoning, administrator, the township trustees, the prosecutor's office, or any other county office can do from a zoning perspective.”
Linda Collins | Greene County News The biosolids digester facility. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/03/web1_biodigester3.jpg Linda Collins | Greene County News The biosolids digester facility.
By Linda Collins For the Fairborn Herald
Linda Collins is a freelance writer for Greene County News.
Linda Collins is a freelance writer for Greene County News.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NEWS SERVICE OF FLORIDA) – SunPass toll transactions are starting to be processed, 22 days after a $287 million upgrade to the system was expected to be completed.
The Florida Department of Transportation on Tuesday thanked customers for their patience as the SunPass Centralized Customer Service System gradually posts tens of millions of transactions in the order they were made since the upgrades began on June 6.
“Late fees and penalties will not be imposed until the system is operating fully and providing the benefits and ease of access that SunPass customers deserve and expect,” Department of Transportation spokesperson Ed Seifert said in a prepared statement.
The work to consolidate electronic tolling authorities into a single billing system was expected to be completed on June 11. The state had warned the 6.5 million SunPass customers to ensure their pre-paid transponders had enough money on hand to cover collection once the upgrade was completed.
But the conversion took longer than anticipated, with one state official last week pointing to “unexpected challenges.” The state agency said Tuesday that 4 million transactions had been processed.
The system handles 4 million transactions a day, according to the state.
Siefert reiterated Tuesday that the state intends to hold the vendor, Conduent, accountable for the delays. No penalties have been announced.
As part of the conversion, SunPass Plus parking has been expanded from Orlando International Airport to include Miami International Airport, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, Palm Beach International Airport and Tampa International Airport.
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight Pause
2:12 Previewing Carolina Panthers versus Washington on Monday Night Football
1:27 Luke Kuechly talks retirement and Pro Bowl
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
A tropical storm that's already killed over 20 people in Central America has its path set on New Orleans.
Multiple warnings have been issued for the New Orleans area ahead of Tropical Storm Nate. Those include a hurricane watch, a tropical storm warning and a storm surge warning. The storm surge warning means that life-threatening water levels are expected within the area in the next 36 hours, and a tropical storm warning means wind conditions will effect the area within the same time frame.
Portions of the area upgraded to Hurricane, Tropical Storm, & Storm Surge Warnings. Check info for your location. https://t.co/sF655hbjiJ pic.twitter.com/sWFtr0xSmi — NWS New Orleans (@NWSNewOrleans) October 6, 2017
On Thursday, Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency as the latest NOAA projections look as if the storm will directly hit the southeastern part of Louisiana. Edwards has mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops in preparation, including some that are monitoring New Orleans' pump and drainage systems.
The latest path shows Nate growing into a Category 1 storm Saturday evening before making landfall early Sunday morning. It's expected to dissipate as it makes landfall and moves toward the northeast.
Winds in excess of 60 mph are expected to be felt in the area, and the uptick in wind speed should be felt beginning Saturday morning for the New Orleans area. Check below for the latest map showing the “most likely arrival time” of the tropical-storm-force winds.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu also declared a state of emergency for the city, warning that areas outside of levee protection could see a storm surge 3-to-6 feet in size.
There is no need to panic. Be ready and prepare. Get a plan. Prepare to protect your personal property. — Mitch Landrieu (@MayorLandrieu) October 5, 2017
To help people prepare for the storm and the impending surge, the New Orleans Fire Department is handing out free sandbags at any time of the day to residents.
#NOLAFireDept assisting residents w/ free sandbags for TS #Nate. Available 24/7 until further notice. pic.twitter.com/7act8El38U — Mitch Landrieu (@MayorLandrieu) October 6, 2017
In preparation for TS #Nate, free sandbags are available 24/7, starting tom. at 7 a.m. until further notice at select @NOLAFireDept stations pic.twitter.com/ydBCBrDcRx — NOLA Ready (@nolaready) October 5, 2017
#NOLAFireDept is getting ready to help you prepare for TS #Nate! Sandbags will be available for pickup 24/7 starting tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/EVVnNCKtAi — Mitch Landrieu (@MayorLandrieu) October 5, 2017
Here's the latest weather forecast for New Orleans through the weekend, according to AccuWeather:
Friday: Humid with sun and some clouds, high of 85 degrees. Winds from the ENE at 10 mph and gusts reaching 18 mph.
Friday night: Partly cloudy, very warm and muggy with a low of 78 degrees. Thunderstorms coming late. Winds from the ESE at 9 mph and gusts reaching 15 mph.
Saturday: “Hurricane Nate” approaches with increasing winds and rain with damaging winds. High of 84 mph with winds from the ESE at 30 mph. Gusts topping out at 45 mph.
Saturday night: Heavy rain and strong winds from “Hurricane Nate.” Low of 77 degrees with damaging winds of 40 mph from the SE and gusts topping out at 79 mph.
Sunday: Wind and rain from “Hurricane Nate” during the morning with a few afternoon showers. Watch for flooding as winds from the W come at 26 mph and gusts reach 75 mph.
Sunday night: Cloudy, very warm and very humid with a low of 77 degrees. Winds from the SSW at 7 mph and gusts reaching 16 mph.
For the latest on Tropical Storm Nate, click here.
Worried about hacks, senators want info on Trump's personal phone
The two Democrats are worried that President Donald Trump's phone may be unsecured
Two senators have written to the U.S. Department of Defense about reports that President Donald Trump may still be using an old unsecured Android phone, including to communicate through their Twitter account.
“While it is important for the President to have the ability to communicate electronically, it is equally important that they do so in a manner that is secure and that ensures the preservation of presidential records,” Tom Carper, a Democrat from Delaware, and Claire McCaskill, a Democrat from Missouri, wrote in the letter, which was made public Monday.
The senators are members of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
Trump's use of an Android smartphone that may not be secure was raised last month in a report by The New York Times.
The senators are worried that the phone may be vulnerable to hackers who could access sensitive information by turning on “audio recording and camera features, as well as engaging surveillance tools that allow location and other information tracking features." A number of experts have raised concerns about the president's use of an unsecured phone.
The vulnerabilities are among the reasons why national security agencies discourage the use of personal devices, the senators added, pointing to a Department of Defense's 2013 Commercial Mobile Device Implementation Plan, which stated that "DoD policies, operational constructs, and security vulnerabilities currently prevent the adoption of devices that are unapproved and procured outside of official government acquisition.”
The senators want information from DoD and its Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) on whether Trump received on or before their inauguration a secured, encrypted personal smartphone and is using it.
If not, they would like a written response that describes what kind of personal smartphone Trump is using, or has used, since taking office, as well as “a written response outlining the steps DISA has taken, or plans to take, to develop written policies and procedures regarding protective measures for President Trump's use of a personal smartphone.”
The senators also want to know what measures DISA has taken so that The National Archives and Records Administration can preserve Trump's tweets and other records arising from the use of the device.
Democratic party presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ran into an investigation and criticism, including from Trump, for using a private email server when they were secretary of state.
1
South African Revenue Service Commissioner Tom Moyane will seek a legal interdict against Cyril Ramaphosa if the president does not stop trying to remove them from the tax agency, according to people familiar with the matter.
Ramaphosa has been given until 9:30 p.m. Monday to respond to a letter from Moyane calling for them to back down, said the people, who asked not to be identified as the move hasn't been made public. If the president doesn't respond, the tax chief will go to court, they said.
SARS didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Presidency spokesperson Khusela Diko declined to comment.
The tax agency has repeatedly missed its targets and is among state institutions that have been accused of mismanagement under former President Jacob Zuma, who was ousted by Ramaphosa last month.
Manjot Singh, excited about their upcoming film Fukrey Returns, says the Hindi film industry is changing its attitude towards actors with a turban and that the acceptance of Diljit Dosanjh is a prime example.
They were 16 when they featured in Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! in 2008 and received a Filmfare Critics Award for the Best Actor category for it. Manjot spoke about how their dream is coming true slowly but surely.
Asked if they feel the pressure of having limited roles in the Hindi film industry because they wear a turban, Manjot said, "No, not really, because I can see how things are changing. For instance, Diljit paaji is opening the door for us with films like Udta Punjab and Phillauri.
"People loved them everywhere. So I know, even I will get my share of opportunity, and no, I did not think of cutting my hair or removing my turban for a role."
Having made their debut in 2008 with a Dibakar Banerjee film, Manjot has worked with filmmakers like Vikramaditya Motwane, Anurag Kashyap, Karan Johar and Tony D'Souza for films like Udaan, Student Of The Year and Azhar, apart from Fukrey that won them appreciation from the audience.
Reflecting upon it, they said, "When I started acting in films, I made a wish list of being associated with a film that will become such a big hit that producers will make a sequel of that. With Fukrey, Babaji ne meri sun liya (God heard me). I am so fortunate."
They have a new wish. "I know I am young and have a long way to go, but I am a huge Diljit Dosanjh fan and I so wish to work with Diljit paaji." Asked if their success and a long list of fan followers made any change in their personality, Manjot said, "No, I am to an extent like Lali (his character's name from Fukrey). I am still the simple and to an extent an innocent guy. Perhaps that is why I can relate with Lali so much and play them on screen easily.
"But yes, now I have grown up and changes have come not only on my face but also in personality. I was a shy child and very introvert as you know, but now I am better... At least I talk if not start the conversation. Earlier, I used to observe and listen. I am in a learning process."
As an actor, Manjot wants to experiment with more shades of different characters and they will soon be doing one of such films.
"I personally believe that I can play a serious role, but people mostly offer me comedy. Last year, I did a film with Abhay (Deol) sir. I hope that releases soon. I have played a very different character from all my previous work. The working title of the film is Situation Normal All F***ed Up (SNAFU) where I am playing a different character and the director told me why others have not explored the actor side in me.
"I just hope the film releases and people get to watch me like that," said Manjot. Fukrey Returns will release on December 8. With inputs from IANS.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Thirty years ago, during the fourth month of the First Intifada, I launched the creation of IPCRI (Israel Palestine Center for Research and Information), a joint Israeli Palestinian public policy think tank. IPCRI was created to enable Israeli-Palestinian joint strategic thinking and planning of professionals and decision makers to figure out how to create and implement a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. By March 1988 it was clear that the First Intifada had propelled the Palestinian national movement into greater pragmatism that would lead to a process of mutual recognition and a peace process.
Over the next 24 years, I helped to organize, facilitate, negotiate, co-chair and run more than 2,000 working group meetings of mainstream Israelis and Palestinians, mostly professionals in their fields, from all walks of life on every subject that touches on the Israeli-Palestinian relationship including security, border management, refugees, Jerusalem, water, economics and business, agriculture, tourism, legal issues, environment, public health and more. It became clear very quickly that there were possible solutions to every issue in conflict, but that in order to be productive and constructive, the discussions began with the agreement that the end game was the two-state solution based on the June 4, 1967 lines. We engaged in a kind of reverse engineering – knowing where we wanted to get to and then working on how to get there.
With a failed peace process behind us, and with no current peace process on the horizon and no negotiations having taken place for more than four years, it has become fashionable to imagine other possible solutions. I seriously question the assumption that there are solutions to this conflict other than the two-state solution, because at the core this conflict is a shared desire for territorial expression of identity. No other solution enables that within the given territory between the River and the Sea.There is possibility of a “United States of Israel-Palestine” – a state without a national identity that answers what both people are fighting for. In fact, when I hear Israelis or Palestinians speak of a “one-state solution” I only have to scratch a little below the surface to discover that the Jews are talking about a Jewish state and the Palestinians are talking about a Palestine state.There is also no solution in which Israel annexes the settlement blocs, surrounds the Palestinians with its military, does not allow them to have any control of their external borders, but grants them real autonomy within Israeli control. No Palestinian leader would ever agree to that, nor would the overwhelming majority of Palestinian people.But just as 30 years ago when I pushed forward on trying to understand the hows of creating a two-state solution, I have been lately wondering how it would be possible to create a one-state solution – just for the sake of argument.I travel every week all around the West Bank. There is no part of the West Bank that I have not driven through and explored, meeting people and getting to know them. I have been doing this for 40 years. In recent years my efforts have been devoted mostly to creating partnerships in the advancement of renewable energy projects to help to create Palestinian independence.Acknowledging the very partial authority of the Palestinian Authority, and recognizing that the Israeli army is really in control of the West Bank, I began this process by thinking about what would happen to the institutional infrastructure that the Palestinians have created over the past 30 years. What would happen to the Palestinian Energy and Natural Resources Authority (PENRA), to the Palestinian Energy Regulatory Commission (PERC), the Palestinian Electricity Transmission Company Ltd. (PETL), and the Palestinian electricity distribution companies (JDECO, SELCO, NETCO, TUBASECO, HEBCO) – and this is in just one small sector.The institutions of Palestinian statehood exist and they are working, and some function quite well. The Education Ministry, Local Governments Ministry, Water Authority, Monetary Authority, National Economy Ministry, Finance Ministry, courts, police, fire brigades – basically every aspect and institution of a state government exists in Palestine today. I have no idea how one would go about dismantling all of that in order to be integrated into parallel institutions that exist in Israel.I don't believe that anyone who supports a one-state solution has actually given any real thought to how to create that one state. Of course those who see the one-state solution as being a one nation-state solution, with a large, passive, non-participatory minority, is simply living on another planet. And those who believe that the 50-year-old, binational, one-state non-democratic reality would ever be acceptable to the millions of Palestinians living it are also living on another planet.This is not to say that a democratic state of Israel-Palestine could never exist, but rather that such a state can never be a solution to the territorial-identity conflict.While being open and willing to consider other proposals on how to resolve this conflict, I am also willing to accept the idea that there are no solutions. I have heard almost nothing constructive and realistic that would move us to a place where we decrease hatred and improve the lives of people living on both sides of the conflict.One of the many lessons learned from the failure of the peace processes until now should be that in order to reach a destination of peace, we have to know a lot better where we want to be. I have not yet seen a better destination than a two-state solution, with two peoples living in peace and cooperation with permeable borders people and goods can move easily across. The separation paradigm offered by the Israeli Left, based on walls and fences, is as much of a disaster as the unilateral annexation paradigms of the Right.The author is now working on the encouragement of Palestinians to run for the Jerusalem City Council as a form of the Palestinian struggle and as a means of challenging the status quo. Their new book In Pursuit of Peace in Israel and Palestine has been published by Vanderbilt University Press.
All lanes of a major highway in metro Atlanta have reopened after a carpool lane of Interstate 20 buckled and broke apart.
Georgia Department of Transportation spokesperson Natalie Dale says the lanes heading westbound reopened Tuesday morning, several miles southeast of downtown Atlanta. They said the buckled stretch of the interstate should be fixed by midday.
The 1-20 buckling Monday proved to be another headache for Atlanta area motorists already struggling with the collapse of an overpass on a key north-south route March 30.
DeKalb County Police spokesperson Shiera Campbell says concrete was being pumped under the highway when a rupture forced the material upward.
A man riding a motorcycle in the carpool lane hit the rising pavement at high speed and was sent airborne. They were hospitalized with multiple broken bones.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Miami police have asked for the public's help in finding a man who tried to abduct a young girl on Thursday.
The seven-year-old girl was walking home from a nearby summer camp when a man used candy in an effort to lure them into their car at NW 4th Avenue and NW 75th Street.
The girl didn't fall for it and ran off.
Investigators don't have a lot to go on. According to the girl, the man was wearing a ski mask and gloves and was driving a red sedan. They didn't know the make or model.
Anyone with information that could help the police nab this guy is urged to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471- TIPS (4877), visit crimestoppersmiami.com and select “Give a Tip” or Send a text message to 274637. Enter CSMD followed by the tip information and press send.
Medical examiners have identified a man killed in a stabbing Friday night in North Las Vegas.
According to the Clark County Coroner's Office, Jace Trevon Ernst, 25, died from a stab wound to the chest. The manner was ruled a homicide.
North Las Vegas police said officers were dispatched about 11 p.m. to the 3400 block of East Cheyenne Avenue, near Pecos Road and Las Vegas Boulevard, where they found Ernst suffering from a stab wound.
They were taken to University Medical Center where they were pronounced dead, police said.
Police said Ersnt was roommates with the woman accused of stabbing him, 19-year-old Dymund Ellis. The two got into an argument before the stabbing.
Ellis was arrested and booked for a charge of murder with a deadly weapon. This was the 10th homicide in North Las Vegas in 2018, according to the department.
Anyone with information in this homicide is urged to call the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702-633-9111 or, to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Scala goes skinny: Ammonite tunes the heavyweight for simple tasks
An interactive REPL and system shell capabilities highlight the coming Version 1.0 release.
Ammonite, an open source tool to use the Scala language for scripting, should debut in its Version 1.0 production version in next two months.
The two-year-old project lets Scala be used for small scripts. It offers an interactive REPL (read-eval-print loop) and system shell capabilities. The project also can be used as a library in existing Scala projects, via the Ammonite-Ops file system library.
"Scala has traditionally been a heavy, powerful language with heavy, powerful tools. Ammonite aims to let you use it for small, simple tasks as well,” said Ammonite developer Li Haoyi, a former engineer at Fluent Systems. The project enables Scala to vie for tasks that previously have been the domain of Python or the Bash shell for small housekeeping or automation scripts. It also can be used for file system and system administration.
Scala was built for the Java Virtual Machine; it was also extended to JavaScript compilation via Scala.js and to the LLVM compiler via Scala Native. Ammonite takes a different twist on Scala, providing an iPython-like REPL experience and a way to run Scala script files.
Ammonite's REPL serves as a replacement for the default Scala REPL. It offers syntax-highlighted input and multiline editing. Ammonite's scripts provide a lightweight way to execute Scala code without the boilerplate and slowness of the Scala SBT build tool.
