ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):The Indian High Commission (IHC) in Islamabad have issued visas to the nine-member Pakistani contingent for participation in World Junior Squash Championship.
The World Junior event is scheduled to be held in Chennai from July 18 and Pakistan is the defending champions, having won the title in 2016 in Poland.
Talking to APP, Pakistan Squash Federation (PSF) Game Development Officer, Flight Lieutenant Aamir Iqbal said Pakistan team will leave for India on July 13.
“The Pakistani contingent includes 6 players and 3 officials. Players include Abbas Zaib, Aziz Rasheed, Harris Qasim, Aziz Shaukat, Asadullah and Farqan Hashimi while officials comprise coaches Yasin Khan and Fazal Shah while Munawar Zaman will be manager of the team,” they said.
They said World Squash Federation (WSF) has played a very important role in issuance of visas to Pakistani players for the mega event.
“WSF intervened and contacted our Indian counterpart on the matter and resolved it,” they said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers were rewarded for their patience in securing the signature of winger Kyle Bennett.
The winger became Rovers' third January signing, although they aren't announced until the morning of February 1 having joined as a free agent.
But Rovers manager Darrell Clarke has revealed that a move for Bennett had previously fallen through in January.
Clarke explained that "football politics" meant a deal for the 27-year-old could not be struck earlier in the transfer window.
"Kyle is a lad I've admired for a long, long time," said Clarke.
"He was the player that fell through earlier in the window. It's just nice that a bit of patience paid off.
"Football politics was involved in that particular one. Eventually we got it over the line, I'm really pleased we've got him."
Clarke revealed that Bennett is a player they have long admired and has been keeping tabs on, as well as pointing out their goalscoring record when asked if the winger could fill Billy Bodin's shoes.
"His goalscoring record is pretty good for a wide player that comes off the line. But they can play 10, to the left or right side, he's an attacking winger type player who gets at players and makes things happen.
"He can come inside the pitch and can go on the outside of the pitch, he's tricky and on their day he's unplayable."
"He's well liked by Paul Cook at Wigan [former Portsmouth manager], I wouldn't be surprised if they have been interested in them too.
"Kyle did great for Portsmouth and for whatever reason they haven't seemed to have got it going this year. Kenny [Jackett] has got their own idea, that's what happens in football.
"Kyle has always impressed me, I've seem them quite a few times and he's always looked good."
Clarke also addressed the unusual manner in which Rovers picked up their two final signings - both as free agents having been released on transfer deadline day.
"It's not the fact we have gone 'oh here we go, we've got a couple of free transfers' and jumped on that bandwagon," said Clarke.
"It's always a work in progress. They [the new signings] have obviously got their own issues to sort out at their own clubs - a lot of football politics in it and a lot of discussion.
"I'm just delighted that we've got three talented players in."
July top month for car burglaries
El Paso, Texas - According to statistics gathered by All-State Insurance, July is the top month for car break-ins in Texas.
The statistics are based on a five year study from 2013 - 2017. The auto insurance company found July to have the highest percentage of car break-ins (personal items stolen from inside a car) and total car thefts.
According to Roberto Leon, Sr. Corp. Relations Manager for Alltstate Insurance:
Allstate looked at approximately 50,000 auto claims in Texas over the last five years (2013-2017) involving an auto break-in or theft
Of those, 10% took place in the month of July – the highest of all months consistently
February was the lowest month for break-ins/thefts, with 6% of claims taking place in that month
Darrel Petry, a spokesperson with the El Paso Police Department, told ABC-7 auto thefts and auto burglaries can vary from month-to-month, but it is something people should always be aware of. They offer tips to avoid getting your car broken into.
Tips:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Actress and liberal activist Cynthia Nixon, one of the stars of the “Sex and the City” television series and movies, announced on Monday they would run for governor of New York, challenging incumbent Andrew Cuomo for the Democratic nomination.
FILE PHOTO: Actress Cynthia Nixon speaks during the "People's State of the Union" event one day ahead of President Trump's State of The Union Speech to Congress, in Manhattan, New York, U.S., January 29, 2018. REUTERS/Darren Ornitz/File Photo
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” Nixon, 51, said on Twitter.
A statement by Nixon's campaign called them a progressive alternative to Cuomo. It said the governor was a “centrist and Albany insider,” mentioning the state capital, and referred to the legal troubles of a number of their aides.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway,” the statement said. “We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore.”
Cuomo, 60, the son of late New York Governor Mario Cuomo, is seeking their third term this year. The primary is on Sept. 13 and the general election on Nov. 6.
Nixon is aligned with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat who is politically to the left of Cuomo. The two men have feuded publicly over issues such as public transit and public housing in the nation's largest city.
Ireland – IPL Plastics is eyeing a number of acquisition opportunities in continental Europe and is likely to move on them after its long-awaited IPO, which is now set to happen late next month.
Speaking after IPL's agm in Dublin, chief executive Alan Walsh said the company — formerly known as One 51 — has identified “a couple” of acquisition opportunities “which would give us a meaningful presence in Europe”.
Almost three quarters of IPL's revenues are generated in North America, with the remainder coming from Europe and Asia. The company has spoken of wanting to re-balance its geographical spread but is also keen to benefit from new opportunities such as the use of plastic packaging for lithium batteries used in electric cars.
DETROIT -- Detroit Tigers pitching prospect Franklin Perez is expected to miss at least three months with a right lat strain.
The Tigers say Perez was injured in a minor league game Sunday. There is no surgery recommended at this point, but the recovery is expected to take a minimum of 12 weeks.
Perez, a 20-year-old right-hander, was acquired by Detroit in the trade that sent Justin Verlander to Houston last season. Perez went 6-3 with a 3.02 ERA across two levels of the minors last year. They made 10 starts at Class A and six at Double-A. Baseball America tabbed Perez as Detroit's top prospect this offseason.
The rebuilding Tigers aren't expected to contend this year, but Perez figured to be a prospect to watch, no matter where in Detroit's system they ended up pitching.
One out of four employees in South Korea's financial sector earned more than 100 million won ($87,000) last year, a report showed Wednesday.
The report submitted to the Financial Services Commission by the Korea Institute of Finance said 24.8 percent of employees at 1,389 financial firms earned more than 100 million won last year.
(Yonhap)
In comparison, the ratio came to 9.9 percent in 2012 before jumping to 16.5 percent in 2013 and 19.2 percent in 2014.The report said 32.9 percent of those who work at banks said their annual salaries reach more than 100 million won.It also showed that the ratio of employees who earn more than 100 million won came to 28.8 percent at asset management firms, followed by securities firms with 27.5 percent and insurance firms with 22.6 percent.The report said 37.6 percent of men surveyed said their annual salaries reach more than 100 million won. Meanwhile, the ratio of women who earn more than 100 million came to 9.9 percent.It said 64.5 percent of those who were surveyed said they earned more than 50 million won.To break it down, 10.2 percent said they earned less than 25 million won, 25.3 percent said they made between 25 million won and 50 million won, while 24 percent said they earned between 50 million won and 75 million won.It said 15.7 percent said they earned between 75 million won and 100 million won.The report also showed 21.4 percent earning between 100 million won and 150 million won, while 3.4 percent said they earned more than 150 million won.It said 62.2 percent of those who made more than 100 million won had college degrees while 18.5 percent are high school graduates.The financial firms surveyed said they plan to hire 2,886 new employees within one year, down 32.3 percent from a similar survey in 2015. (Yonhap)
Less than two years before the 9/11 attacks, an Algerian named Ahmed Ressam tried to cross from Canada into the United States to bomb the Los Angeles Airport. This is one of 15 stories we present as part of the Citizen's ongoing Canada 150 coverage.
“The fire is on. And it's coming.”
With those cryptic words, a plot to unleash a devastating terror attack on the United States was set in motion by a Canadian-based jihadist group.
At that moment, in December 1999, a short, slender Algerian named Ahmed Ressam was the most dangerous man on the continent: The trunk of their rented Chrysler sedan was packed with high explosives and powdered fertilizer. They were headed for a ferry terminal that would take them from Victoria to Washington State.
Their plan was to detonate a massive explosion inside the Los Angeles International Airport as passengers travelled to welcome the new millennium.
The terror attack that would define the early 21st century, 9/11, was less than two years away.
Ressam, who never made it past U.S. customs, would end up providing U.S. officials with an early warning of the destruction to come – it went largely unheeded – while highlighting embarrassing security flaws in Canada.
The case would reverberate for years inside the Canadian security establishment, and contribute to the government's overreaction to the 9/11 terror attacks. Six Canadian citizens, including Ottawa's Maher Arar and Abdullah Almalki, would be tortured in other countries as Canadian security agents scrambled to identify potential threats – that is, more Ressams.
—
Ahmed Ressam grew up in a small, seaside village in Algeria, the first-born son of a government chauffeur who had fought in the war of independence against France. Ahmed was good at mathematics and loved soccer, but was plagued by stomach pain that cost them time in school.
They failed their university entrance exams, went to work in a café, and fled Algeria as the country descended into civil war in September 1992.
Ressam travelled to France, where they lived for a year until being charged with immigration violations. In February 1994, facing deportation to Algeria, they boarded a Montreal-bound Air Canada flight with a phoney French passport.
Canadian customs officials arrested Ressam, but they claimed political asylum after concocting a story about being tortured in Algeria. Their refugee claim was rejected, but Ressam was allowed to stay in the country because Canada did not deport people to the chaos of Algeria in the mid-1990s.
Ressam joined Montreal's burgeoning population of Algerian refugees and immigrants, and supplemented their welfare cheques by shoplifting, pickpocketing and stealing luggage from tourists.
An Algerian immigrant named Fateh Kamel enlisted Ressam to supply them with stolen travel documents, which they sold to would-be jihadists worldwide.
That brought Ressam to the attention of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) as early as July 1996. They were not the focus of the spy agency's investigation, and agents considered them a minor player in Kamel's scheme.
At a local mosque, Ressam met Raouf Hannachi, a middle-aged Tunisian-Canadian who praised the merits of jihad, and boasted of their time at Osama bin Laden's Khalden camp in Afghanistan.
Ressam was receptive to the idea of joining the holy war, particularly since their status in Canada was increasingly uncertain: They had been arrested three times for theft and had failed to report to immigration officials. A nationwide warrant for their arrest was issued in September 1998.
But by then, the failed refugee claimant was already in Afghanistan. What's more, Ressam had also assumed a new identity: Benni Antoine Noris, 28, of Montreal.
They had obtained a Canadian passport using a forged baptismal certificate from a Montreal church and a counterfeit Université de Montreal student card. It was all the ID that the passport office required at the time.
Using their new passport, Ressam travelled to Afghanistan, where they joined the Khalden camp, a training facility funded and administered by al-Qaida. They learned to use machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades; how to conduct assassinations and urban assaults. They were schooled in the use of cyanide and the manufacture of explosives.
They also began discussions with their fellow Algerians at the camp about deploying their newfound skills against targets in the United States. A loose plan took shape: to conduct a series of robberies that would finance an attack on the eve of the new millennium.
In February 2009, Ressam used their fake Canadian passport to fly back to Canada. Packed in their luggage, in toiletry bottles, were two bomb-making components — hexamine tablets and glycol — along with some assembly instructions.
In August, they began to prepare for their mission. Ressam bought electronic components and built four timing devices, while criss-crossing the country to stockpile urea fertilizer in British Columbia. Mixed with nitric acid, the fertilizer becomes highly explosive.
Canadian authorities had at least one opportunity to stop Ressam's gathering plot.
In April 1999, a French terrorist hunter, magistrate Jean-Louis Bruguière, sent an official request to Canadian officials, asking that they track down Ressam. Bruguière said they believed Ressam was part of a passport smuggling ring, based in France, with ties to international terrorism.
An RCMP officer was assigned the case in June, but couldn't find Ressam, who was living in Canada as Benni Noris. CSIS had also lost track of him.
In November, Ressam flew to Vancouver and met an old friend, Abdelmajid Dahoumane; they rented a motel room and converted it into a crude bomb-making factory. The chemicals they used were so caustic that the men kept the windows open even as temperatures dipped below freezing. The malaria that Ressam had contracted in Afghanistan recurred.
On the morning of Dec. 14, the men packed the explosives into the spare wheel well of Ressam's rented Chrysler, and took the ferry to Victoria.
Believing (wrongly) that a single man would raise less suspicion, Dahoumane left and Ressam drove alone on to the ferry, the M.V. Coho, bound for Port Angeles, Washington. They waited for all the other cars to leave the ferry before driving to U.S. Customs.
It was 6 p.m. Theirs was the last car from the last ferry of the day at the Port Angeles terminal.
Customs inspector Diana Dean leaned toward Ressam's open window. They asked the usual questions: Where are you going? Why are you going to Seattle?
Ressam gave one-word answers: “Seattle.” “Visit.” Dean didn't like the way they fidgeted; they thought they looked nervous and sweaty. “Hinky,” they would later say.
They had them fill out a custom declaration as a stalling tactic before deciding to refer them for a secondary inspection. Dean told them to get out of the car and open the trunk. They suspected they might be a smuggler.
Two other customs officers joined the inspection, since they were waiting to close the station. One inspector searched the trunk, then opened the spare tire compartment: It was stuffed with garbage bags, a few boxes, some pill bottles and two jars of a mysterious brown liquid.
Ressam wriggled free from the customs agent holding them and bolted, running towards downtown Port Angeles.
The customs officers gave chase. Ressam tried to commandeer a car, but the driver stepped on the gas, sending them spinning to the ground. The officers hauled them back to the terminal where they were turned over to Port Angeles police and placed in the back of a cruiser.
The investigators poured over the contents of Ressam's car; they were convinced they were a drug smuggler since the garbage bags were filled with a white powder. A customs agent shook one of the mystery jars.
A wide-eyed Ressam ducked to the floor of the cruiser.
It would be days before tests revealed that the jar contained a nitro-glycerine equivalent known as EGDN. The high explosive was one of four bomb components in the car trunk.
Diana Dean later told reporters: “My heart dropped right into my toes when I realized what it was.”
In April 2001, after a four-week trial in Los Angeles, Ressam was convicted of nine charges in connection with the bomb plot. One month later, they agreed to co-operate with U.S. authorities in exchange for a more lenient sentence.
In the six months leading to 9/11, Ressam met with U.S. investigators 22 times and testified in New York against one of their co-conspirators. Some of the intelligence gathered from Ressam was included in the prophetic presidential briefing of Aug. 6, 2001, “Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S.”
In the days after 9/11, Ressam confirmed that the so-called “20th hijacker,” Zacarias Moussaoui, had attended the Khalden terrorist training camp. Had the FBI known and acted upon that information sooner, the 9/11 Commission Report says, agents might have been able to gain a warrant to search Moussaoui's computer, and obtain the breakthrough they needed to disrupt the 9/11 plot.
Ressam's treatment deteriorated post 9/11 as authorities pressed them for more and more detailed information. They spoke with security agents from seven countries, including Canada, and provided the names of 150 people involved in terrorism, according to court reports.
But, fed up with the endless demands and their harsh prison conditions, Ressam stopped co-operating with authorities in February 2003. They recanted much of their evidence.
They were sentenced in October 2012 to 37 years in prison and is now serving that term at a maximum security facility in Colorado. Ressam is not scheduled to be released until December 2032, when he'll be 65.
The Silverbacks scored early and often against the visiting Merritt Centennials on Oct. 6.
Grayson Constable of the Salmon Arm Silverbacks stickhandle the puck towards the Merritt Centennials net during a game at the shaw Centre on Friday, Oct. 6. -image credit: Jim Elliot/Salmon Arm Observer
The Salmon Arm Silverbacks scored early and often against the visiting Merritt Centennials at the Shaw Centre on Oct. 6.
The home team found the back of Merritt's net just :17 seconds into the game and didn't let up pressure for the full 60 minutes on their way to a 7-4 win.
After Silverbacks captain Grayson Constable opened the scoring, Tanner Campbell snuck one past 'Cents goalie Jacob Berger — their first of two goals in a first-star performance.
Early in the second frame Rhett Kingston tallied up another goal for the ‘Backs.
With Merritt's Colten Gerlib in the box following a hooking call, Trey Thomas took advantage of a pass from Trevor Adams to make the score 4-0 Silverbacks.
Merritt's Alex Bourhas got their team on the board late in the third.
Campbell, Marcus Mitchell and Nick Unruh added to the ‘Backs' total in the third, leaving the score 7-1 for the home team with nine minutes to play.
The Centennials mustered a flurry of offence to finish the game, scoring a shorthanded goal with four minutes remaining and then two more in the final minute, but it was too little too late.
Tenants of several buildings owned by MetCap Living Management Inc. rally in an April 30 file photo. Steve Russell / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
After a long 3 ½ months, the Parkdale rent strike has come to an end. Organizers declared victory, citing concessions from landlord MetCap Living Management Inc. including: reductions in planned above-guideline rent increases, relief for tenants facing financial hardship as well as a program of maintenance and repair work. (The company has maintained throughout the strike that they tried to address tenant concerns and set up a special hotline for repairs.) Cole Webber, who helped organize the strike, talked about what other tenants can learn from their success: Organize Tenants said units badly needed repairs and that unfair rent hikes were designed to force them out. Instead of fighting alone, they banded together. “The rent strike was successful because tenants organized in their buildings and then linked up across the neighbourhood in order to put that pressure on the landlord,” said Webber. “Getting organized in your own building is the first step.”
Article Continued Below
Communicate Tenants formed committees in their buildings that brought neighbours together. “They would hold meetings in lobbies of their buildings, they would do door-to-door outreach, they would have conversations one-on-one with their neighbours, and then as they got organized they expanded that to mass texts, email lists, phone trees,” Webber explained.
Be bold “When tenants organize there's strength in numbers, and so the rent strikers were able to take actions which were rather bold because they had that organization,” they said. At its peak, according to Webber, the strike comprised 300 people in 12 buildings. “There was some degree of hesitancy, but I think people felt like they had no other choice. They were put in a position where they felt they were being priced out of their homes and so they had to take collective action.” Work around the system Webber said tenants shouldn't give up if they don't get results from official channels like the Landlord and Tenant Board. “The system doesn't work for tenants, so tenants really need to find other ways of putting forward their demands — and the best way of doing that is by getting organized.” Take it forward “I think the rent strikers are keen to continue organizing in Parkdale and to share the lessons that they've learned with their neighbours, and I'm sure they'd be open to speaking to tenants from other parts of the city as well,” Webber said. With files from Emily Mathieu and Jim Rankin
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Line Corp:
* LINE MOBILE CORP SAYS EXECUTED MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING WITH SOFTBANK CORP IN ORDER TO PROCEED WITH DISCUSSIONS PERTAINING TO A STRATEGIC ALLIANCE
* LINE MOBILE CORPORATION SAYS IT IS PLANNED FOR CO TO CHANGE FROM A CONSOLIDATED UNIT TO AN EQUITY-METHOD AFFILIATE OF LINE CORPORATION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bolgatanga, April 24, GNA – Mr Anthony Namoo, a legal practitioner, polled 124 votes to unseat the incumbent Chairman of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), in the Upper East Region, Mr Mohammed Murtala Ibrahim in a surprisingly contested Regional Executive election.
The incumbent polled 51 out of the 303 votes cast by the delegates. Other contestants in the Chairmanship race were: Mr Filson Awankua who polled 88 votes, Alhaj Abdullah Otito Achuliwor, 30 votes and Mr Joseph Agongo had five votes.
The election which was conducted peacefully saw 52 aspirants vie for ten executive positions including Regional Chairman, First and Second Vice Chairman, Regional Secretary, Regional Organiser, Youth organiser, Assistant Secretary, Women's Organiser, Nasara Coordinator and Treasurer.
Mr Namoo thanked the delegates for the confidence reposed in them to steer the affairs of the Party in the Region, and congratulated colleague aspirants for their efforts.
They pledged to work in unity with all members and urged them to rally their support for them to increase the fortunes of the Party and win more seats in the Region in the 2020 Parliamentary election.
Mr Namoo, however, expressed worry at the way some of the aspirants conducted themselves during the electioneering campaign, saying “some of the statements are so defamatory,” which were not beneficial to the Party.
The newly elected executives who were immediately sworn-in into office in the presence of Dr Mustapha Hamid, Minister for information, included Mr Moses Kwabena Atinga, First Vice Chairman, Mr Ibrahim Abubakar Bugri, Second Vice Chairman, Mr Cletus Innocent Ayabire, Secretary, Mr Elvis Figo Atia Awonekai, Assistant Secretary.
The rest are Mr Joseph Awinpanga Akanfaba, Treasurer, Mr Jerry Asamani, Organiser, Madam Georgina Ayamba, Women's Organiser, Mr Solomon Latif Yenah, Youth Organiser and Alhaji Mohammed Siitah Abubakari, Nasara Coordinator.
GNA
If Mark Stokes, Scotland Yard's head of digital, cyber and communications forensics unit, is correct, then IoT devices will play an increasingly important role in crime scene investigations. “The crime scene of tomorrow is going to be the internet of things,” Stokes told the Times.
The police are being trained to look for “digital footprints” – IoT gadgets that “track or record activities” which might prove or disprove alibis and witness statements as well as record what occurred during a murder victim's final moments.
Cops will be relying on evidence from smart devices which spy on you – such as internet connected refrigerators, light bulbs, washing machines, vacuum cleaners, coffee makers and voice-controlled robotic assistants.
Stokes explained:
“Wireless cameras within a device such as the fridge may record the movement of suspects and owners. Doorbells that connect directly to apps on a user's phone can show who has rung the door and the owner or others may then remotely, if they choose to, give controlled access to the premises while away from the property. All these leave a log and a trace of activity.”
Think about that while perusing products on display at CES 2017 as this has the potential to go much further than cops tapping into smart fridges and doorbells. For example, a robotic vacuum cleaner such as Unibot, which will be shown off at CES 2017, comes equipped with a security camera so it can send owners pictures and videos in real time in case it detects “unusual signs in its peripheral vision.”
All manner of smart items meant to provide convenience could also potentially be used to narc on you – used by the police to gather evidence. Some folks won't be bothered by that since they willingly carry a smart phone which can double as a surveillance device; phones are frequently targeted by law enforcement during investigations.
Millions of people already wear wearables, but in the future, even a person's clothes will be able to provide location data. There are already some smart clothes, such as “vibrating” jeans, which connect to a smart phone and vibrate on one side or the other in order to give GPS map directions without the user needing to whip out their phone.
A self-driving car, for example, would have location logs, but hopefully couldn't be used against riders such as by locking the doors until police arrived to collect the person inside.
While most people don't yet have a smart refrigerator, many do have smart TVs and most smart TVs include a camera and microphone. Voice control assistants such as Amazon's Echo and Google Home, are quickly gaining popularity. This year at CES, there will be a plethora of products built to integrate with popular voice control assistants and even new voice control bots.
Not that all smart voice-controlled assistants correctly understand what is asked of them – as one family found out after a little boy asked their new Amazon Echo Dot to play “tickle tickle.” Alexa thought the child wanted porn and started to comply before the parents freaked out and shut them down.
The smart meter, Amazon Echo and a murder investigation
The idea that police would use data provided by IoT devices is nothing new. Police in Arkansas are pressuring Amazon to hand over data from an Echo device; the cops think some of the recorded audio data sent to the personal assistant “Alexa” may be helpful for their murder investigation. Amazon did not comply – other than sending the suspect's purchase history.
Bentonville police detectives have already used IoT data – data from a connected water meter. The cops think the massive spike in water usage on the night of a murder may indicate the hot tub and patio had been hosed down to wash away blood evidence.
When cops start looking for “digital footprints” in IoT gadgets, it supposedly won't be like when the cops seize a hard drive, laptop or computer for an indefinite period during an investigation. Stokes said the smart devices wouldn't need to be seized and hauled off. Instead, investigators will use a “digital forensics kit,” which is yet to be developed, to download data and analyze microchips at the scene.
In the crowded security camera category Wyze's products aren't so much amazing as they are amazingly cheap. Take last year's simply named Wyze Cam. There was nothing about the product that set it apart from the likes of Nest or Canary or the Netgear Arlo — beyond, of course, that crazy $20 price tag.
Announced this week, the Wyze Cam Pan is 50-percent more expensive than its predecessor, bringing the cost up to a whopping $30. With that bank breaking price, however, you get the titular panning feature, which gives you a 360-degree remote view of a room, on-top of the built-in 120-degree fish eye. It's able to scan a full circle in around three-seconds, according to Wyze.
Panning is accomplished through the app with a swipe of the screen. The app also features motion tracking, an improvement over the first generation device, panning the camera as it spots moving objects.
The camera shoots 1080p video at 15 fps and can do up to 8x digital zoom. There's also two-way audio and night vision — both relatively standard features on security cameras these days, but everything kind of feels like a bonus when the device runs $30. That price also includes up to 14 days of free video storage on AWS, a nice addition that a number of significantly more expensive competitors no longer offer.
Again, this isn't world-setting-on-fire stuff here, but those who have been balking at pricier competitors don't have a lot to lose here.
A vendor speaks to a customer at their stall at a wholesale fruit and vegetable market in Mumbai, India, August 14, 2017.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - India's annual consumer price inflation picked up to 2.36 percent in July from 1.54 percent in June, as a decline in food prices slowed sharply, government data showed on Monday.
The rise was faster than the 1.87 percent forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
ADITI NAYAR, ECONOMIST, ICRA
"The rebound is in line with expectations. In terms of the outlook, we do see it (inflation) ramping up further and crossing 4 percent by October.
"That will be led by seasoning foaming up in prices of vegetables, which is under way. In any case, the favourable base effect will go away and HRA (housing rent allowance) increases will affect the housing inflation in a staggered manner.
"So based on the anticipated trajectory and the commentary by the MPC we see a low likelihood of further rate cuts in FY18."
TIRTHANKAR PATNAIK, INDIA STRATEGIST, MIZUHO BANK
"One was not expecting the pickup in inflation this soon, but going by the indicators we got from vegetable food prices and WPI data, we expect CPI to increase further, reaching to about 4 percent by the end of the fiscal (year).
"There is very limited scope for the RBI to cut rates at the moment given the turnaround in inflation rate."
RADHIKA RAO, GROUP ECONOMIST, DBS
"A sharp rise in headline inflation was expected, likely mostly driven by higher perishables and adjustments in the housing index.
"Structural improvements in farm and food management are underway, but in the interim, seasonal vagaries will continue to swing prices of perishables.
"The central government's housing allowance changes are likely to perk the component over the next few months, but the net impact will be contained if states don't follow through the hikes.
"Policy rates have likely plateau'ed for now, with room for rate cuts requiring a sharp downward drift in core inflation or growth slump in FYH2."
ANJALI VERMA, ECONOMIST, PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA
"(Inflation of) 2.36 percent is in line with our expectations. This has largely been led by higher vegetable prices, which is also reflecting in WPI.
"We expect vegetable prices to remain high even in the month of August. This, in turn, is taking the entire trajectory on the higher side and therefore reducing the chances of another rate reduction by RBI. Also, the base effect will worsen towards the end of the financial year, so that will take the number higher."
PUNEET PAL, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, BNP PARIBAS MUTUAL FUND
"It's too early to say if inflation in India is undergoing a structural shift. By March 2018, expect overall inflation to be below 4 percent. The only caveat to this are food prices since right now we are seeing only vegetable prices going up.
"I think the RBI is cautious, but not behind the curve when it comes to cutting rates. There are a few factors like the U.S. Fed contracting balance sheet in September and also the question of farm loan waivers."
TUSHAR ARORA, SENIOR ECONOMIST, HDFC BANK
"The bond market for the past couple of days was pricing in this sort of uptick in inflation. A reading above 2 percent reinforces expectations that the RBI could now stay on hold for an extended period.
"While inflation for FY17 could remain below the RBI's target, the focus of the MPC (monetary policy committee) is likely to soon shift towards upside risks for FY19."
KOCHI/MUMBAI (Reuters) - Two new cases of the deadly brain-damaging Nipah virus have been confirmed in the southern Indian state of Kerala, where another two people were killed by the virus, a health official said on Thursday.
People wear masks as they wait outside a casualty ward at a hospital in Kozhikode in the southern state of Kerala, India, May 23, 2018. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
The two new Nipah cases in Kerala take the total number of confirmed cases to 17, Kozhikode district medical officer V. Jayashree told Reuters. Fifteen of those people have died, they said.
The latest victims, identified as Madhusudhanan, 55, and Akhil, 28, were believed to have contracted the virus from a medical college, Jayashree said.
No confirmed cases of the virus have been found yet outside Kerala despite fears it had spread. Several other Indian states have sent samples for testing from people who reported Nipah-like symptoms in the past few days.
Samples taken from bats in Kozhikode district, the suspected epicenter of the infection, have been sent for testing to the National Institute of High Security Animal Diseases in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, animal husbandry officer A. Mohandas said, as officials continue to try to track the root of the outbreak.
There is no vaccine for the virus, which is spread through bodily fluids and can cause encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain, the World Health Organization says.
(For a graphic on Nipah, Nipah-like cases in South Asia: 2001 to 2012, click tmsnrt.rs/2KLha0e)
Dell has just improved its already brilliant XPS 13 -- it will now be available as a 2-in-1, which means the device has the versatility to be a laptop or a tablet.
I had the chance to play around with the device prior to CES. It has a clever design and wowed me with its sleek design and edge-to-edge screen, but it won't come cheap.
The starting price of the XPS 13 2-in-1 is US$999, and it'll start shipping this month. That's about $200 more than the starting price of the XPS laptop. You are paying more for the versatility of the XPS 13 2-in-1.
On the outside, the XPS 13 2-in-1 looks like the XPS 13 laptop, but Dell has changed the hinge connecting the keyboard base and screen. The screen can be rotated 360 degrees to turn the device into a tablet.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 weighs 1.24 kilograms and is surprisingly thin and light thanks to its intelligent design. With its 13.3-inch edge-to-edge screen, the device fits in a typical frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. There's more screen to work with and less border surrounding the display.
Though intended to be a laptop first, it excels as a tablet, thanks to the brilliant screen and the light weight of the tablet.
The unit I tested had a 3200 x 1800-pixel screen, which is the maximum resolution. The colors were bright and vivid, and videos played smoothly. A 4K option won't be available, unfortunately.
Dell claims the battery life of the XPS 13 2-in-1 ranges from nine to 15 hours, depending on how you use it. The battery life goes up if you're doing basic productivity work and declines to around nine hours if you are watching Netflix movies.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 is a step down in performance compared to the XPS 13 laptop, but the decline is not visible when running basic applications or graphics.
The device has a 7th Generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 or Core i7-7Y75 processor, which aren't as speedy as the mainstream Kaby Lake-based Core i3, i5, and i7 processors offered in the XPS 13 laptop. An Intel integrated GPU can support 4K graphics play-back on external displays.
Dell went with the Y-series Kaby Lake chips so the XPS 13 2-in-1 can provide long battery life, compared to tablets today.
Otherwise, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is loaded with the latest features, comparable to its laptop cousin. It has 802.11ac wireless, Thunderbolt 3, a micro-SD card slot, and two USB Type-C 3.1 ports. The USB Type-C port works with HDMI and DisplayPort connectors.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 has inherited some weaknesses from the laptop. For all its wonderful features, the device hasn't solved a webcam problem. It has an infrared camera and webcam under the screen -- jokingly called "nosecam" because of its angle relative to the user's nose. It's a design compromise because of the edgeless screen, and there's no space, when it's used as a laptop, to put a webcam on top of the screen. In tablet mode, the device can be reoriented to put the webcam on top of the screen, however.
Some users are comfortable with the webcam's location, others are not.
So if you want versatility, go with the XPS 13 2-in-1, but if you're looking to multitask, go for the XPS 13 laptop. Nevertheless, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is a fine hybrid device with a great screen.
Nearly a year after the massive wildfire that devastated Fort McMurray, Alta., a climate scientist says there may be more forest fires in Canada this summer.
“If the forecast's right that it's a warmer than normal summer, we'll probably have more fires,” says Mike Flannigan, a meteorologist and professor in the University of Alberta's renewable resources department.
Flannigan says there are about 7,000 forest fires a year in Canada on average. But that number can vary dramatically depending on the weather. Warm temperatures mean a longer fire season, and more susceptible conditions.
Read more: One year after wildfire, Fort McMurray plans ‘tranquil' anniversary gathering
Forest fires are usually triggered either by lightning or by human activity. But Flannigan says there's an increased risk of both kinds of fires in warmer weather, particularly in climates that are also dry and windy.
Monday afternoon. Men of the Nigeria Police Force maintained an all night vigil at the Abuja home of Senator Dino Melaye , in an action which beganafternoon.
As of Tuesday morning, they had not arrested the senator, as they could not gain entry into the building.
According to THISDAY, a close associate of the senator, in a telephone conversation on Tuesday morning, explained that Melaye cannot submit themselves to the police who are in their dozens at their house, as they were yet to be notified of the reason for their planned arrest.
“He does not know what they want to arrest them for. Is it on their allegations of gun running, or of false representation? They have to know before they submit themselves to just anybody,” the associate said.
The associate further queried the rationale behind the police siege after same police denied involvement in Melaye's brief detention by men of the on Monday morning at the Abuja airport en route to Morocco. The associate further queried the rationale behind the police siege after same police denied involvement in Melaye's brief detention by men of the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS)morning at the Abuja airport en route to Morocco.
“The intention is just to harass and embarrass him. They just want to put handcuffs on them and spread the pictures. If not, they had them yesterday morning,” they added.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Olivier Giroud was fouled in the box in Arsenal's Premier League clash with Middlesbrough - but a penalty was not awarded.
Pictures showed the Frenchman being held in the area as they attempted to get on the end of a set-piece at the Riverside Stadium.
Daniel Ayala was the culprit in the exchange, which occurred when the score was tied at 0-0 in the 19th minute of the match.
Referee Anthony Taylor failed to pick up on the challenge, perhaps suspecting the two players had simply tangled accidentally.
(Photo: PA)
However images from the match confirmed that Giroud was indeed impeded by the Spaniard who wrestled them to the ground.
Arsenal took the lead in the game around 20 minutes after the incident, when Alexis Sanchez found the back of the net.
(Photo: REUTERS)
The Chilean smashed a free-kick past Brad Guzan, who could do absolutely nothing about the shot on goal.
Five minutes after the break Middlesbrough equalised through Alvaro Negredo, before Mesut Ozil came to the rescue for the Gunners with the winning strike.
You've seen the GOP's version, but now it's time for the REAL fake news awards. Join James for this special edition of The Corbett Report where they hand out dinos to some of the biggest propoganda poisoners and fake news stinkers of 2017!
James Corbett
Editor-in-Chief for Bob Chapman's The International Forecaster and Producer of The Corbett Report The Corbett Report is an independent, listener-supported alternative news source. It operates on the principle of open source intelligence and provides podcasts, interviews, articles and videos about breaking news and important issues from 9/11 Truth and false flag terror to the Big Brother police state, eugenics, geopolitics, the central banking fraud and more.
The carnage on Yonge St., was a reminder that we are capable of “great bravery,” says Mayor John Tory, as political leaders everywhere offered condolences to Toronto. Tory praised the police, first responders and city staff for their response in a speech at a special council meeting Tuesday morning. They commended the “great bravery” of the first responders — police officers who quickly and safely apprehended the suspect; the calm displayed by paramedics and firefighters who hurried from victim to victim; “heroic efforts” of hospital staff; and “extraordinary examples of ordinary citizens” who comforted those who were injured. “I know that I speak on behalf of all of the members of city council and city staff when I say that our hearts are with all of those affected,” Tory said. “The people who call this city home are shaken and we mourn together but we are not broken and we will not be broken.” After a moment of silence for the victims, council recessed for the day.
Article Continued Below
Former Toronto mayor Mel Lastman called Const. Ken Lam, who arrested Alek Minassian, the suspected van driver charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder — their “hero.” “Try to imagine for yourself what that must feel like, being in a standoff with a suspect,” Lastman said in a statement. “Despite thinking that the suspect was armed with a gun, they did not shoot the suspect. They were brave and managed to keep them alive. It is this sole act that will allow the city of Toronto to get to the bottom of this horrific crime.”
At Queen's Park, Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford said “our hearts break for the victims of this terrible tragedy and their families.” “I want to thank the first responders, and give special thanks to Constable Ken Lam, what a true hero,” Ford said. “This is a tough time but in these moments our country, our province and our city come together. There has been an outpouring of support right across the province. Our prayers and our thoughts are with the families and the victims.” Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said what happened Monday was “senseless” and “horrific.” “The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy,” Trudeau said in the House of Commons foyer. “All Canadians stand united with Toronto today.” U.S. President Donald Trump offered their “deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives.” “Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada,” they said at a White House ceremony as they welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit. The Queen also sent their sympathies. “Prince Philip and I join all Canadians in expressing our sadness following the terrible tragedy that occurred in Toronto yesterday,” the statement said. “We offer our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those who were lost, as well as our hopes for full recovery to all who were injured and affected by this incident. You are all in our thoughts and prayers.” With files from Rob Benzie, Jennifer Pagliaro and The Canadian Press
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - "Annabelle: Creation" may not be able to save the summer -- which, after this weekend, will only fall farther behind last year's pace -- but it is doing its part to frighten audiences into theaters.
The latest from New Line and Warner Bros, which serves as the fourth installment in what has become the "Conjuring" extended universe, is casting its evil eye on $35 million from 3,502 locations. That's a strong start for the horror flick, which was made for about $15 million.
The track record for the franchise is strong -- "Annabelle" ($37.1 million); "The Conjuring" ($41.9 million); and "The Conjuring 2" ($40.4 million). David F. Sandberg directed the sequel about a dollmaker whose creation terrorizes a group of orphan girls. For those invested in the "Conjuring" canon, it serves as a prequel to the first "Annabelle." Stephanie Sigman, Talitha Bateman, Anthony LaPaglia, and Miranda Otto star in the pic that critics have generally given a thumbs up to (it currently has an 68% on Rotten Tomatoes).
"Annabelle is scary as hell," said Jeff Goldstein, distribution chief at Warner Bros. "And it's exciting to see how broadly audiences enjoyed it," they said, adding, "I think our marketing team did a fabulous job."
The same studio's "Dunkirk" continues to show strong during its fourth weekend, as it holds onto second place. One of the lone bright spots in a generally dismal summer for the box office, Christopher Nolan's World War II epic should make an additional $11.4 million this weekend, pushing its domestic total past the $150 million mark.
While it should land in the top three, Open Road's sequel "Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature" appears to be a miss. From 4,003 locations, the animated adventure should earn $8.9 million. That's less than half of the first "Nut Job" movie, which opened to $19.4 million before going on to take in $120.9 million worldwide during its run. The sequel's story centers around a group of animals who attempt to save their home from being bulldozed and turned into an amusement park.
After "Nut Job 2" is Sony's "Dark Tower" which underperformed during its opening weekend, and continues to slide. With $7.9 million from 3,451 locations, the movie looks to slip 59% from its first frame. The same studio's "Emoji Movie" is rounding out the top five with $6.6 million from 3,219 theaters, just ahead of Universal's "Girls Trip" which is closing in on the $100 million milestone. That landmark was just met by Sony's "Baby Driver," which took in $1.5 million this weekend.
Meanwhile, Lionsgate's new release "The Glass Castle" is pulling in $4.9 million from 1,461 locations. Those are meager earnings, but also a low theater count. The adaptation of Jeannette Walls' hugely-popular 2005 memoir mostly appealed to women, who made up 80% of the audience. Audiences have been generally receptive, earning the movie an A- CinemaScore, while critics are more mixed (50% of RottenTomatoes). Brie Larson reunited with "Short Term 12" director Destin Daniel Cretton for the project, which also stars Naomi Watts and Woody Harrelson.
In limited release, Paramount's "An Inconvenient Sequel" added 376 theaters this weekend for a total of 556 where it's expected to make $800,000. TWC expanded Taylor Sheridan's "Wind River" to 45 locations, where it is earning $642,067 -- the studio plans to continue the film's expansion to between 600 and 700 locations next weekend. Neon's "Ingrid Goes West," starring Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen, should make $141,216 from just three locations. And A24's Robert Pattinson-starrer "Good Time" is opening in four theaters to $137,625.
This time last year, "Suicide Squad" suffered a steep second weekend drop to $43.5 million. But that is still more than this weekend's winner. And while Disney's "Pete's Dragon" faltered, Sony's "Sausage Party" surprised with $34.3 million, or about the same as "Annabelle: Creation" this year. That is to say, the box office continues to slip behind, and the summer of hell is only getting hotter.
Rhinoshield makes some of our favorite cases, with offerings that are not only stylish and great protection for your phone, but also reasonably priced. Their latest cases for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ meet all of that criteria, and more! We're teaming up with Rhinoshield to give one lucky winner a Samsung Galaxy S9+ and RhinoShield protection set, and 10 additional winners free cases! Keep reading for more info about the cases, a special discount, and to get entered into the giveaway!
Besides the signature Rhinoshield CrashGuard Bumper, they've also released the SolidSuit Case to provide full cover protection for the S9 / S9+, as requested by many Android users. While the CrashGuard Bumper shows off the back of the phone in its minimalist design, the SolidSuit Case provides full cover protection and add a touch of class with its premium back finish (Carbon Fiber, Classic Black). Both the CrashGuard and SolidSuit are made of our latest ShockSpread™ material which provides over 11 feet of impact protection while being thin and lightweight. You can get a closer look at these cases in action here. And for a limited time, Android Central readers can use the code ANDROIDCENTRAL to save 20% on RhinoShield cases!
Enter to win a Samsung Galaxy S9+!
THE PRIZE: One Android Central reader will receive a Samsung Galaxy S9+ and RhinoShield protection set, and 10 runners-up will receive a RhinoShield case of their choice (or $30 gift card if case is not available for the winner's phone).
THE GIVEAWAY: Use the widget at the bottom of this page. There are multiple ways to enter, each with varying point values. Complete all of the tasks for maximum entries and your best shot at winning! Keep in mind that all winning entries are verified and if the task was not completed or cannot be verified, a new winner will be chosen. Phone service is not included with the prize and we make no guarantees that the phone will work with your service provider, so be sure to check that before you enter. International winners will be responsible for any customs fees incurred during shipping.
The giveaway is open through June 12, 2018, and the winner will be announced right here shortly after the closing date. Good luck!
Win a Samsung Galaxy S9+ and RhinoShield protection set from Android Central!
By entering you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
DAVIE, Fla. -- Miami Dolphins Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh turned 30 in January, a birthday that often serves as an important marker for professional athletes.
For Suh, hitting the "big 3-0" has led them to reflect on their past and where they currently stand in their career. While they want to be remembered as one of the most dominant defensive tackles of all time, Suh maintains they still have more years and games ahead of him.
Suh admitted Wednesday that he's also thought about being enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, the most prestigious individual honor a player can receive once their playing days are over.
"I'd be lying to you if I said I didn't; of course, everybody thinks about the Hall of Fame," Suh said at Dolphins minicamp. "One of the first two trips I made was to the Hall of Fame in Canton. ... I'd love to be a part of it."
Suh has arguably been the league's most productive defensive tackle since entering the NFL in 2010. Dolphins head coach Adam Gase recently called Suh the "best in the business" at their position, and Suh said they want part of their legacy to be that opponents must know where they are on the field at all times.
Suh's numbers through seven seasons are comparable to recently inducted Hall of Fame defensive tackles Cortez Kennedy (2012) and Warren Sapp (2013). According to ESPN Stats & Information, Suh has more tackles than Sapp through their first seven seasons and more sacks than Kennedy over that same span.
How Suh Compares with Kennedy and Sapp Years Games Tackles Sacks HOF Year Cortez Kennedy 1990-96 112 483 46.5 2012 Warren Sapp 1995-2001 109 310 64.5 2013 Ndamukong Suh 2010-16 110 371 47 ? Source: ESPN Stats & Info
“I think I always prided myself on wanting to be a guy that's very similar to, obviously, the greats -- Reggie White, Warren Sapp -- guys of that caliber that changed the game from their particular position,” Suh said. “But I'm only eight years into the league, and they played many, many more years than me. I still have a lot of work ahead of myself.”
Suh mentioned that they plan to play many more seasons. Cameron Wake is still playing at a high level and he's five years older than Suh. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is playing at a Hall of Fame level and turns 40 in August.
Longevity is a key component of the Hall of Fame equation, and Suh doesn't appear to be slowing down. Last year, at 29, Suh registered a career-high 72 tackles to go along with five sacks.
“I think at all times you look at it when you get to this age,” Suh said. “I remember guys [like] Kyle Vanden Bosch, Corey Williams being in their seventh and eighth year when I was a rookie going to Detroit. So seeing how those guys approached it, they really took it day by day. ... For me personally, that's how my approach has been. Obviously, I'm going to continue to play at a very, very high level.”
Tesla has a new way to demonstrate the possibilities of its home solar products to potential customers – using a ‘tiny house' on wheels, which it can tow on a rolling tour with a Tesla Model X. The Tesla Tiny House made its official debut in Australia (via Electrek), where it will welcome visitors at Melbourne's Federation Square, before taking off for a cross-country Australian tour.
The towable Tiny House is reminiscent of the mobile design studio it introduced last September, which was a reconfigured Airstream that let people build their own Tesla vehicle as a kind of mobile virtual studio. These solar-focused demonstration trailers also feature mobile design studios and configurators within, but for Tesla's solar products, including solar panels and its Powerwall energy storage battery for the home.
The Tiny House has actual siding this time around, which is made up of sustainable timber with not artificial chemical treatments. It weighs 2 tonnes (around 4,400 pounds) and has 2kW solar generation capacity using 6 panels, which can feed the single Powerwall battery mounted on the side.
Tesla's touring the country with destinations at ever major Australian city, but residents can also request it swing by and pay a visit to smaller towns along the way, too. Tesla doesn't yet offer solar installations in Australia, but it clearly wants to prime the pump, and it does sell Powerwall batteries for use with solar installations from other providers.
This model seems likely to be applied to other markets, too, should the Tiny House prove effective in swaying Australian customers. On the commercial side, Tesla is also building a huge renewable power storage facility using its Powerpack batteries, which will be the largest such facility in the world once it's complete.
LEEDS UNITED head coach Thomas Christiansen has acknowledged that February is likely to be a definitive month in terms of the club's play-off mission.
The tenth-placed Whites head into today's game with bogey side Cardiff City on the back of a dispiriting run of results, which has seen them fail to win any of their last five Championship matches and pick up a desperately disappointing two points from a possible 15.
Leeds United head coach Thomas Christiansen (Picture: Bruce Rollinson).
After wasting a run of fixtures that on paper looked benign, Leeds face play-off candidates Cardiff, Sheffield United and Bristol City before hosting a side chasing automatic promotion in Derby.
February then ends with a home game with an outside top-six candidate in Brentford and in March it does not get any easier with a trip to eighth-placed Middlesbrough followed by a home game with leaders Wolves.
Christiansen said: “It is a big month with difficult games against top six teams. But I am convinced that we are going to make good results and take good points.
“It is very crucial. At the end of the month we will see where we stand and take a conclusion. But of course they are difficult games.
“Every game is another game. If we did not take good results (before), we can do it now.
“This is it. We need to be positive and think that we can do it and why not? We know what we are able to do and if we have a good day we can beat everyone.”
Christiansen has professed to being happy with the club's transfer dealings last month, although latest £2.5m signing Tyler Roberts is to miss today's game with a minor knock.
They added: “I believe we have made good signings in this period. Two of them have already played and we have Tyler, a new signing and an interesting one. They will also help the team for sure.”
A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact, in what prosecutors are calling a potentially precedent-setting case.
Bjorn Samstrom, whose trial is underway, is charged with dozens of offences, including "gross rape," involving 27 girls, two of them Canadian, according to one of the prosecutors in the case. The other girls are in the United States and Britain.
The allegations involving the Canadians date back to 2015, when the two girls — one from Ontario, the other from Alberta — were 13, the prosecutor said.
In an interview from Stockholm, Annika Wennerstrom said Samstrom is accused of coercing girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families.
Under Swedish law, rape does not have to involve intercourse, Wennerstrom said. It can be another act considered to be equally violating.
The country's highest court has previously ruled that sexual assault, which is a lesser charge, can be committed through the internet but has yet to convict someone of rape in the same way, they said.
Wennerstrom said the courts have said in other cases that rape could "hypothetically" occur over the internet, but the offences being tried did not meet the threshold.
They believe the crimes Samstrom is accused of committing are "horrific" enough to be considered rape.
"We see them as rape of a different kind," they said. "They are forced to do it, they are threatened to do it, it's painful and it goes on, in some cases, for a long time. They have absolutely no choice and they are terrified."
Police found video recordings of young English-speaking girls while investigating Samstrom in connection with another alleged sex crime involving Swedish complainants, the lawyer said. In some of the footage, they could hear Samstrom's voice or see other information that linked them to the video, they said.
Rock Foundation
“We give them a chance of a future”
CEO of Rock Foundation and mum of four, Pam Hodge, tells us why the day centre is so important to the people of Grimsby
Parents of children with special needs often worry about what will happen to their child when they are no longer there to look after them. Where will they live? Who will offer emotional and practical support to an adult with the mentality of a child in todays' society?
These concerns about their child's future, the uncertainty and fear of the unknown can be the cause of much distress and many a sleepless night – something I know well. I adopted four siblings 20 years ago and my eldest son Michael (now 24) had autism and ADHD. Back then, we weren't sure how severe their issues were but over time it became clear they would always need special care and attention. When Michael turned 18 and was in their last year at school, I began to worry about how they would spend their days after that. He's a big lad with a mental age of 6-7 years and I'm a single mum. I had visions of trying to manage them on my own, trapped indoors day after day – a dismal prospect for us both.
I wanted Michael to mix with people their own age and have a good quality of life but when I looked in our local area of Grimsby and then country- wide, I was surprised how little there was on offer for people in our situation. A lack of funding and Government cuts was a prime factor – there were a few social activities on offer but nothing to stretch or stimulate an adult with special needs. The stress this puts on parents is incredible – they often have to pay a carer if they need to attend an appointment and working is out of the question when they are looking after their “adult child”.
So, eight years ago, I decided to set up Rock Foundation. I started the charity with two people who were in a similar situation to Michael and I – today we have 100 members. To start the fundraising, I organised a fun day locally, which was a complete wash-out! Fortunately the local radio station got wind of it and gave our cause a bit of a plug. Following this a solicitor contacted me with the news that one of their clients had given us a donation of £5,000, which was fantastic. Then, to start us off, a local business person offered us the use of some rooms in one of their premises. After several months we moved to an old school the local council let us use for a peppercorn rent and just over two years ago we moved into our own building. It's a huge place that allows us to offer around 25 activities including cookery, puppet making, woodwork and IT, with animal care and life skills also available for the more able individuals. All members have individual learning plans and spend time with a tutor who teaches IT, monetary skills, time keeping.
The centre is a second home for a lot of members where they meet their friends and relax in familiar surroundings. The members range in age from 18 to people in their 70s – everyone gets on together and there's a real community feel. We have 25 paid staff who are qualified to care for those with special needs as well as 35 volunteers.
My dream is to be able to offer a residential facility for members. We have parents now in their 80s worrying about their children's future and asking if accommodation can be made available. To this end we're currently in the process of purchasing premises, set in ten-and-a- half acres of land, on the outskirts of Grimsby overlooking the beautiful Wolds. Over the next two years we will have ten residents with at least 30-40 using the day services and there will be a cafe and shop, plus residents can help with gardening. There will be a real community spirit.
We're currently fundraising any way we can and have a huge fun day coming up in Caistor. We do need to raise quite a bit, but for everyday living, members will use their living allowances and any personal budgets.
As a charity, we must have a sustainable income to secure our future as grants are harder and harder to obtain. Three years ago we won The People's Millions and were awarded a lottery fund grant of £50,000 and with this money we invested in a huge laser machine.
We use it to make plaques and we can engrave products to personalise them to sell in our local shopping centre, which has given us space to sell our wares. We also sell garden furniture, which is made at the centre. It gives the members a sense of pride to produce saleable products. We print t-shirts with slogans and baby grows with funny sayings on them that we sell online.
About six months ago, a young man came to the centre who had been turned away
from other organisations because they were considered difficult and unmanageable. As
they have Asperger syndrome and ADHD, they were given one-to-one attention and they
quickly joined in with group activities. Their social workers have since told us they can't believe how well he's come on – they love it here. Another young lady with Down syndrome began visiting the centre recently. When they brought them along, their parents warned us that they wouldn't partake or speak, but a week later they told us they couldn't believe the change in them – they had become so much more animated and chatty. They were returning home from the centre and telling them all about their day. There are many similar stories, which are incredibly inspiring and our motivation for pushing on. What we are doing here is so rewarding. I hope one day there will be many more centres like ours across the country, providing parents of children with special needs some peace of mind about their child's future.
TOTAL RAISED: £2,246
Rock Foundation- THE FACTS
Rock Foundation exists to be a solid ‘rock', and a firm ‘foundation', from which people with learning disabilities and other disadvantages can build a better life.
Through practical workshops and supported work placements, it aims to help members develop life and employment skills, to increase their self-esteem and independence, and improve their quality of life.
Visit rockfoundation.org.uk for more information.
BIG GIVE UPDATE
Money raised will be used to extend the current day centre to increase services offered including support and workshops to keep up with demand.
In the next of our awards for the 2017 F1 season, we look at how one driver ended misconceptions that they cannot overtake once and for all.
After four years driving for the dominant Red Bull team, Sebastian Vettel unfairly gained a reputation as a driver who couldn't overtake. Season after season of leading from the front in the best car on the grid led an increasingly large group of fans to believe that the German, while undoubtedly quick, was lacking something when it came to wheel-to-wheel combat. However, in China this year that misperception was put to bed once and for all.
A damp start to the race had left drivers and pit walls deciding when to make the switch from intermediates to slicks in the opening laps. That decision was made more tempting when a Virtual Safety Car was deployed to allow for the safe removal of Lance Stroll's Williams, which lay stationary with a broken suspension at Turn 10 after a first lap collision with Sergio Perez. Vettel was among the cars that took the gamble, sacrificing second place on the road in the hope of gaining an advantage when normal racing resumed. Crucially, Daniel Ricciardo opted not to, moving them ahead of Vettel.
Sebastian Vettel lines up Daniel Ricciardo through Turn 7, moments before they bang wheels on the exit Sutton Images
Vettel's early stop might have paid off had it not been for Ferrari reserve and Sauber stand-in driver Antonio Giovinazzi losing the rear of their car on a wet patch under one of Shanghai's giant bridges over the pit straight. The resulting safety car offered an even better opportunity to swap to slicks and the remainder of the leading cars took it and emerged ahead of Vettel, who had dropped to fifth as the cars prepared for a restart.
Racing resumed on lap eight, with Hamilton retaining their lead and Max Verstappen finding a way past Kimi Raikkonen on the inside of Turn 6 for third place behind Ricciardo in second. By lap 10, just 3.2 seconds covered the top five and the battle for position was heating up. Verstappen, who by that point had already made up 13 positions from their grid position, looked to be closest to the pace of the lead Mercedes but was bottled up behind Red Bull teammate Ricciardo. Never one to wait for an invitation, on lap 11 they barged past Ricciardo on the inside at Turn 6 to take second place. A fine move, but only an appetiser for what was to come.
Ricciardo, who was complaining of understeer at the time, then started to hold up the two Ferraris with Raikkonen unable to find a way past while Vettel got frustrated behind their teammate in sixth. At this stage of the season, Raikkonen was in no mood to play the team game and with no orders coming from the pit wall, Vettel had to dive up the inside at Turn 6 to assert their authority as the quicker Ferrari driver on lap 20.
Sutton Images
Next for Vettel was their old Red Bull teammate Ricciardo, and that's when the fun really started. The Red Bull driver was wise to the Turn 6 opportunity and on lap 22 blocked the inside line as Vettel came up behind. Undeterred, Vettel took to the outside of the corner and somehow found enough grip to hang on to the left-hand side of car No.3 as they exited Turn 6. The Australian had no intention of making life easy for Vettel and as they approached the high-speed Turn 7, the pair touched wheels producing a puff of blue tyre smoke at over 100mph.
The contact wiped the writing off the sidewalls of the tyres, but Vettel kept their foot on the throttle knowing they had the inside line for the next corner. By that point Ricciardo could only attempt to take a wider line to open up the corner, but Vettel had the move sealed and hung to the inside to emerge ahead of the Red Bull as they passed the apex.
"When I was behind Daniel I saw them blocking down the inside [of Turn 6] because I had a good run out of Turn 4," Vettel explained after the race. "I said 'OK, you have to try it around the outside, brake really late and hard'. Fortunately they didn't lock up. I had them in the mirror, checking, otherwise I have to open immediately before they would make contact. Then on the exit I was a bit compromised, a bit in the dirt, getting a bit of wheel spin, but then I got a bit my elbows out. Yeah, they really squeezed me, but it was good fun and I had the inside for the next corner."
The move had everything: an aggressive setup heading into Turn 6, immense skill to hang the Ferrari around the outside and incredible bravery as the cars banged wheels before the apex. This was just the second race of F1's bigger, faster and ultimately more-difficult-to-race 2017 cars and Vettel had pulled off a move for the ages. In a year of impressive overtaking moves, that stood out above all else.
An extended trailer for Apple Music's upcoming “Carpool Karaoke” features Will Smith and James Corden rapping the theme from Smith's '90s sitcom “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.”
Other celebrity pairings in the series include Ariana Grande and Seth MacFarlane, Michael Strahan and Jeff Gordon, Blake Shelton and Chelsea Handler, John Cena and Shaquille O'Neal, and Billy Eichner and Metallica.
The series is an expansion of the popular “Carpool Karaoke” featured on Corden's late night CBS talk show. The bit was even included in Sunday's Grammy Awards telecast, with Corden “driving” a cardboard car through the audience, culminating with a star-studded rendition of “Sweet Caroline.”
The expanded series will span 16 half-hour episodes, and judging by the new trailer, expand beyond the car doors.
R&B singers Keys and Legend are joined by a choir in a laundromat, Shelton and Handler get inebriated in a bar (hopefully after they're done driving), Eichner and Metallica invade a supermarket, while Corden and Smith take off in a helicopter.
One of the funniest moments in the trailer is when the muscle-bound Cena and 7'1′-tall O'Neal squeeze themselves into a tiny car.
“Carpool Karaoke” is produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston serve as co-creators and executive producers along with executive producer and showrunner Eric Pankowski. According to the trailer, the series will air “soon.”
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt will sign contracts with Moscow during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to Cairo on Monday for the country's first nuclear power plant, three senior sources told Reuters on Sunday.
The construction of the 4,800 megawatt (MW) capacity plant, which is supposed to be built at Dabaa in the north of the country, is expected to be completed within seven years, added the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Egyptian foreign minister Sameh Shoukry told Russia Today in an interview on Saturday that “they have completed several stages” of the plant and “soon” it will be finished.
Moscow and Cairo signed an agreement in 2015 for Russia to build a nuclear power plant in Egypt, with Russia extending a loan to Egypt to cover the cost of construction.
Egypt's official gazette said last year the loan was worth $25 billion and would finance 85 percent of the value of each work contract, services and equipment shipping. Egypt would fund the remaining 15 percent.
The trial operation of the first nuclear reactor is expected to take place in 2022.
Egypt, with a population of nearly 104 million and vast energy needs, wants to diversify its energy sources.
The nuclear plant is expected not to just cover the country's energy needs, but to produce excess which can be exported, the sources told Reuters on Sunday.
Putin is scheduled to visit Cairo on Monday to meet with their counterpart Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, where they will discuss bilateral relations, trade and Middle Eastern issues, the Kremlin said last week.
" Ezra came up from Babylon; and they were a skilled scribe in the Law of Moses, which the Lord God of Israel had given. The king granted them all their request, according to the hand of the Lord their God upon him."
[Ezra 7:6] NKJV
During the reign of Artaxerxes, king of Persia, they favored none regardless of everything.
None was able to appear before King Artaxerxes to have their or their request approved.
But when Ezra came from Babylon and went to the King, situation changed.
What was Ezra's requests?
That they [Ezra] may seek the Law of the Lord, teach statutes and ordinances in Israel.
The requests wouldn't have been granted if the hand of God wasn't at work.
When things turned around in the name of the Lord, Ezra's requests like wise freedom for their people to visit Jerusalem were granted by the King.
Maybe you have been rejected for an opportunity.
Or denied some breakthroughs.
Wherever you have been rejected, go there in the name of Lord, you shall be accepted. Activate your faith!
As things turn around in the name of the Lord, may our requests be granted in the mighty name of Christ Jesus, Amen.
Be empowered.
Prayer
O dear God grant me my requests in Jesus' name I pray, Amen.
Whatsapp me on
+233246646694 for messages or
Follow me on https://m.facebook.com/TheWordDigest
Twitter:@zorebenezer
#WordDigest
#Inspiringthegeneration
TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese man wielding a sword killed their sister, a Shinto priestess, on the grounds of a Tokyo shrine, then stabbed their wife to death before committing suicide, police and media said.
Police declined to comment on a motive for Thursday's killings or the family feud.
Shigenaga Tomioka, 56, attacked Nagako Tomioka, 58, chief priestess of the Tomioka Hachimangu shrine, as they got out of a car. Media reports said they were their sister.
Their 49-year-old wife, Mariko, stabbed and wounded the driver of the car with a sword, police said, before they too are killed.
Shigenaga sent a threatening letter to their sister in 2006, saying they would “send them to hell”, the Sankei newspaper said.
Shinto is the traditional religion of Japan and many shrines dot the country. The Tomioka Hachimangu shrine, established in 1627, has a close link with sumo and the emperor and empress visited in 2012.
Murjanah Abu Hussain, a 15-year-old student in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron, have become the face of the Palestinian struggle against Israel's crippling blockade of Hebron. Murjanah is a student at the Qurtoba Mixed School on Al Shuhada'a Street of the Old Town of Hebron. The school is located near the epicentre of clashes with the Israeli colonists.
Last week, a group of angry Jewish colonists stormed a protest arranged by local and international activists against the Jewish colonies built around the occupied West Bank city. Murjanah, who was taking part in the protest, was violently pushed off a staircase at the site breaking their leg. But the determined student says they will not be deterred by their injury, and will be going to their school, which is a daily challenge. “Even with my leg in a cast, I will go to school. This will be a pure act of determination and challenge to the brutal Israeli intensified inspections and checkpoints,” Murjanah told Gulf News. The students and staff of the school have to walk through three Israeli checkpoints daily to reach their destination on their way to school. “The school is surrounded by three colony outposts, and most importantly the Beit Midrash outpost, whose residents have pushed for the closure and relocation of the school,” said Noora Nasser, the school's principal. The school's 10 staff members and 160 students are affected by the blockade. “However, Israel was forced to issue special teacher identity cards to the school's staff to enable them to pass through the checkpoints.” A detailed list of the school's teachers and a separate list of students are provided annually to the Israeli occupation forces by the Palestinians officials of the Palestinian-Israeli Security Coordination Liaison Office to secure access to the school. For their safety, they say, teachers and students must pass through the checkpoints (Checkpoint 55, Checkpoint 57 and Tal Al Rumaidah Checkpoint) in groups to reach the school. “Every day is a major challenge, a true example of the struggle in Hebron,” Nasser told Gulf News. Activists have decided to continue their campaign “Dismantle the Ghetto — Kick the Colonists Out of Hebron”. The city of Hebron, south of the West Bank has been divided into two parts H1 and H2, which constitute only 20 per cent of the Hebron district. The population of about 700,000 Palestinians live alongside several hundred Israeli colonists who reside in four colony outposts. More than 6,000 Palestinians live in neighbourhoods adjacent to those colony outposts and Israelis call those areas as restricted areas. All streets which lead to colony outposts have been closed to Palestinians and more than 40 per cent of Palestinian residences had been abandoned. Hebron Old Town includes 1,100 shops that have been shut down. The campaign coincided with the 23rd anniversary of the Hebron Massacre when a Jewish terrorist opened fire in Al Ebrahimi Mosque murdering 29 Palestinian worshippers. “The campaign will feature many activities locally and internationally, including a major protest at the entrance of Al Shuhada'a Street by the end of the month to request its immediate opening for the Palestinians,” said Younus Erar, a campaign's organiser who also heads the Palestinian Anti-Colonist and Segregation Barrier Committee in Hebron. “We want the world to see how much the residents of Hebron are suffering.” More from Palestine Gaza patients denied right to get treatment
German-Israeli summit delayed after colony row
Netanyahu seeks no gaps with Trump in talks
Sinwar named new leader of Hamas government
SSML Division Two: Totternhoe 10 MK Gallacticos 1
Totternhoe demolished MK Gallacticos by an incredible margin of nine goals on Saturday as they kept the pressure up at the top of SSML Division Two.
It took just 90 seconds for Aidan Murray to give the hosts the lead as they reacted quickly to slot home the rebound from an Andy Cleere strike.
Murray notched their second on 32 minutes and Joel McCormick grabbed a third four minutes later to put Totts in a strong position.
Gallacticos pulled a goal back shortly before the break, when Ebeneezer Kpobi scored a great individual effort.
The second half was an exhibition performance from the Totts though as they continuously put Gallacticos to the sword, scoring seven times.
Cleere (46), Bishop (55), Lauder (59), Clarke (63 & 90) and McCormick who completed their hat trick (81 & 83) rounded off an incredible performance by the hosts, sending out a statement before important matches in February starting with the Beds County Cup semi-final against Crawley Green Reserves this weekend.
Boss Chris Robson said: “It was a superb performance by the players given the conditions.
“The pitch was very heavy, wet, there was wind and rain, but we managed to play some great football when in possession and some of the goals we scored were brilliant team goals.
“We also had to add the other side of the game due to the conditions and from the off we just wanted it so much more and the work-rate and desire was so pleasing to see.
“As a manager it is so difficult to prepare for games against Gallacticos as you never know what you will get from them.
“On their day they should be up their challenging, as individually they have some talented players who can produce a bit of magic out of nowhere as their goal showed.
“Their issue is the consistency and discipline of their players as they showed their weak side and we were able to take full advantage.
“Credit to my players as when you go so far in front it is easy to switch off and forget about game-plans, try to do things your own way and try to get in on the glory, but until the 93rd minute they stayed professional and got their rewards by scoring 10.
“I was so pleased with them all but a few individuals stood out.
“It was good to see Joel back and scoring goals after a few weeks out.
“Young Harry Rimmer was superb in two positions and is showing their potential which I believe could take them up the pyramid if they keep learning and shows good commitment levels.
“Andy Cleere was a handful up top, again coming back from a couple of months out.
“Finally Aidan got the goals their performances this season have deserved. We are getting players back from injury and over the next week or two we should have a full squad going into an important second half of the season.”
Totts: Bowley, Rimmer, Lauder, Dyer, Folland, Bishop (Murchie), Brent (Hibbitt), Golding (Clarke), Murray, McCormick, Cleere.
Subs not used: Bromhall, O'Connor
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro gestures as they arrive for a session of the National Constituent Assembly at Palacio Federal Legislativo in Caracas, Venezuela August 10, 2017.
CARACAS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's talk of possible military action in Venezuela could be a political lifeline for the country's unpopular leader, who has long used the threat of U.S. aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
President Nicolas Maduro has continued the free-spending socialist "revolution" started by their predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, almost 20 years ago. Key to the populist rhetoric used by both is a constant drumbeat of warnings that the U.S. "empire" is planning an invasion to steal Venezuela's oil.
That threat was laughed off by the opposition and until Friday night, when Trump said a military option was not out of the question for dealing with the Venezuelan government's crackdown on the opposition and deepening social crisis. [nL2N1KY014]
"He's doing Maduro a favor by reinforcing the nationalist position that the Gringos want to come and attack Venezuela. This has always been part of Maduro's rhetoric, and Chavez before him. And it has served them both well," said lawyer Luis Alberto Rodriguez while sitting at a cafe, smoking a Cuban cigar, in one of Caracas' wealthier neighborhoods.
"It's not going to have any impact other than the government using it to further unify its people and attack the opposition," the 44-year-old added.
Maduro loyalists, who regularly insult opposition leaders as Washington's lackeys, wasted no time in pouncing.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Maduro's son, also named Nicolas, at the country's new constituent assembly, which was elected last month to rewrite the constitution.
The opposition fears the assembly will remove any checks that remain on the president's powers, and critics globally have condemned it as an affront to democracy.
"If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles would arrive in New York, Mr. Trump," the younger Maduro said. "We would take the White House."
Opposition supporters rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, August 12, 2017. Andres Martinez Casares
'NO GREATER GIFT'
Marches against Maduro were held in Caracas on Saturday, with few confrontations with state security forces and no deaths. More than 120 have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
The opposition's Democratic Unity coalition on Sunday issued a statement rejecting foreign threats to the country, without specifically identifying Trump or the United States.
Slideshow (2 Images)
"The Democratic Unity coalition rejects the use of force, or the threat of its use, by any country (against) Venezuela," said the statement published on the group's Twitter account.
The coalition added: "Venezuela has for years been militarily and politically intervened by Cuba," echoing opposition criticism that Maduro has allowed foreign allies to colonize Venezuela even has they decry U.S. imperialism.
The opposition, which controls a congress that has been neutered by Maduro's loyalist Supreme Court, boycotted last month's election of the new legislative superbody.
Opposition leaders called instead for an early presidential election, which Maduro would likely lose as their popularity gets pummeled by the country's economic woes.
"Maduro could not have asked for a greater gift from Trump," said David Smilde, senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America, a human rights think tank. "He provided substance for Maduro's heretofore implausible conspiracy theories."
Smilde said Trump's threat of military force put the Venezuelan opposition "on its heels" after a group of Latin American governments joined last week in reprimanding Maduro for sponsoring the July 30 election of the constituent assembly.
"It has threatened to deflate the emerging regional consensus regarding Venezuela," Smilde said. "Today the countries that on Tuesday signed on to a strong statement criticizing Maduro's authoritarian direction are spending their time criticizing Trump's statements."
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) _ Officials in Indiana are trying to prevent a water crisis as both supply and infrastructure are inadequate for future needs.
The Journal Gazette reports that a 2016 survey found that Indiana utilities have an immediate need for $2.26 billion to replace water meters, hydrants, water mains, treatment plants, wells and other physical infrastructure.
Now, Gov. Eric Holcomb is seeking to create a multi-agency working group to develop strategies to manage the state's water resources and infrastructure, and support development of asset management plans for high-need water and wastewater utilities. The group would also likely prepare recommendations for the Legislature in 2019.
Discussions of a water crisis began in 2014 when the Indiana Chamber of Commerce issued a report calling for the development of a water resource plan to better conserve and manage the state's water supply.
With the price of bitcoin surging this year and the cryptocurrency's first futures contracts starting to trade, our MarketWatch colleagues Jessica Marmor Shaw and Barbara Kollmeyer have compiled a list of the sector's must-follow figures on Twitter.
From platform founders and analysts of the sector to key investors in cryptocurrencies and blockchain luminaries, MarketWatch's 30-strong list includes co-founders of crypto products Ethereum and Coinbase, hedge fund managers and other individuals prominent in the burgeoning crypto sector.
Canadian-Russian 20-something "boy genius" Vitalik Buterin (@VitalikButerin) appears on Forbes' 30 under 30 list and is one of the names behind Ethereum, whose Twitter following has exploded from around 40,000 in January to more than 300,000. Ethereum's chief scientist, Buterin's eccentricity includes describing their location as 'Earth' and having a penchant for cat purses and unicorn sweaters, according to Forbes.
Fellow Ethereum co-founder Joseph Lubin (@ethereumJoseph) also appears on the list.
The world's self-claimed first investor in bitcoin startups, Roger Ver (@rogerkver), another on the list, now devotes their attention to the faster and more scalable bitcoin Cash, while Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert) set up and leads the Digital Currency Group and the world's first publicly traded bitcoin fund.
While the creation of bitcoin has been attributed to the mysterious Satoshi Nakamoto, the software's former lead developer Gavin Andresen (@gavinandresen) has been described as "the man who really built bitcoin", explaining why they have nearly 100,000 Twitter followers.
An engineer at blockchain security company BitGo, Jameson Lopp (@lopp) earned thousands of retweets last month for this post on how to approach bitcoin.
Cryptographer and blogger Nick Szabo (@NickSzabo4) is a blockchain pioneer and a name to turn to for answers on scalability and security, whose Twitter following tops 100,000 since their debut on the social media platform in summer 2014.
Arianna Simpson (@AriannaSimpson) worked at BitGo and FaceBook and is an early-stage startup investor who describes themselves as “into crypto before it was cool”. And she's not shy in being contrarian.
Prominent analysts to follow include Spencer Bogart (@CremeDeLaCrypto), one of the first analysts on Wall Street to focus on cryptocurrencies who now works as a researcher for the Blockchain Capital investment fund.
You can read the full list, courtesy of MarketWatch, here
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Saturday endorsed a change to the Institutional Revolutionary Party's (PRI) rules that allows outsiders to run for president, a move that gives the embattled leader greater power to anoint their successor.
Gathering for their national assembly ahead of the 2018 election, members of the PRI, Mexico's ruling party, voted to relax requirements for presidential candidates, jettisoning a rule that nominees must be party members with at least 10 years' standing. The change opens the door to the candidacy of Pena Nieto's finance minister, Jose Antonio Meade, a soft-spoken technocrat who has served in various cabinet posts under both the PRI and the conservative National Action Party (PAN).
Pena Nieto made their way to the stage at a leisurely pace, spending 15 minutes greeting and posing for photographs with supporters in the crowd of more than 15,000 in Mexico City's Palacio de los Deportes. Sporting their trademark red track jacket, Pena Nieto echoed PRI leaders in describing the change as a move toward building a modern and more inclusive party.
Updating the party's statutes "opens us up to society and brings us closer to citizens," they said. "And it also strengthens the PRI as the best platform so that members and sympathizers can serve their community."
The change also gives the PRI much-needed latitude to choose a candidate as it approaches a trying election. Persistent gang violence and tepid growth have eroded support for the PRI during Pena Nieto's term, and the party is also reeling from a series of corruption scandals.
On that count, Meade's clean record through years of government service could prove a key asset. While they did not speak at the gathering, they sat in the first row, alongside party luminaries.
If Meade became a presidential candidate, they would likely face outspoken leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. The PRI lagged far behind Lopez Obrador's party in a July poll.
Near the end of their remarks, Pena Nieto took a veiled shot at the populist's campaign.
"The advantage of our party over the other options is evident," they said. "While we pursue with bravery and vision a better future for Mexico, there are those who hope to return us to the past."
Speaking to local media on Saturday, Meade said they were "happy about the opportunity and the open space," though they declined to reveal when they would decide whether to run.
Chinese tycoon Wang Jian, whose sprawling conglomerate HNA Group owns a host of foreign assets, has died after a falling off a wall while sightseeing in southern France, police and their company said Wednesday.
Wang suffered the fatal accident on Tuesday in the picturesque hillside village of Bonnieux after climbing onto a parapet, either to see the view of the valley below or to have their photograph taken, local security sources told AFP.
“He jumped up on to the wall and was carried over it by their own momentum,” a source close to the case told AFP on condition of anonymity.
The 57-year-old business person, the co-founder of HNA and its second-highest ranking executive, fell into a 10-metre (32-foot) void, sustaining serious injuries that emergency services were unable to treat at the site.
“Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him,” their firm said in a statement issued in China.
HNA said Wang, whose personal fortune is estimated at 1.7 billion dollars by Forbes magazine, had been visiting Bonnieux during a business trip to France.
The company started as a small provincial airline servicing China's Hainan Province but has expanded quickly in recent years under the leadership of Wang and business partner Chen Feng.
The firm's $230 billion in assets were built up during a foreign buying spree that saw it diversify into tourism and finance via major deals to buy shares in companies including the Hilton hotels group and Deutsche Bank.
It also took stakes in foreign airlines such as Virgin Australia, France's Aigle Azur and TAP in Portugal.
But HNA came under pressure last year as Beijing cracked down on the risky debt-fuelled financing that enabled its expansion.
The conglomerate has started selling parts of its empire to pay down its loans, including its Hilton and Deutsche Bank shares, and Wang's death was seen as likely to complicate the unwinding process.
“Wang's passing will mark the end of an era of aggressive expansion by HNA,” Corrine Png, chief executive at the Singapore-based research firm Crucial Perspective, told the Bloomberg financial news agency.
“It will also put HNA Group and related companies' restructuring plans back on the drawing board, in our view,” Png added.
At the end of 2017, the company reported that its debt was 638 billion yuan (81.5 billion euros), up 36 percent from 2016.
Wang owned about 15 percent of the Chinese group, making them one of the group's biggest shareholders, Bloomberg reported.
Wang began their career in civil aviation planning in 1983.
Bonnieux is a mediaeval village in the Provence area of the south of France, a favoured destination for the rich and famous over the peak summer holiday period.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Goldenmax International Technology Ltd
* Says it acquired 60 percent stake in a Shanghai-based medical equipment firm for 198 million yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/PD5tkG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Banks have referred 12 large NPA accounts to NCLT for proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC), following a 13 June directive from the Reserve Bank of India. Photo: Reuters
Mumbai: The government has decided to ask a panel it formed in November to review provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) to also review a later amendment prohibiting defaulting promoters and related entities from bidding for their assets, two people aware of the matter said.
The committee, which is chaired by the secretary, ministry of corporate affairs, and includes members involved in the drafting of the IBC, met on Friday.
Coincidentally, on the same day, the Punjab and Haryana high court issued a notice to the centre over the amendment. Suman Jolly, managing director of Punjab-based Recorders and Medicare Systems Pvt. Ltd, had challenged the IBC ordinance on the ground that it would have retroactive effect, and that it does not distinguish between ordinary and wilful defaulters. The court will hear the matter on 25 January.
“The committee will help the government in re-looking at some of the contentious issues in the ordinance which have been highlighted by the industry,” said one of the two people cited above, both of whom declined to be named.
An email sent to the corporate affairs ministry on Monday was not answered till press time.
This comes at a time when industry experts had expressed concerns that the ordinance may shut out even clean bidders, possibly those promoters who have blood relations with tainted promoters and private equity players who typically acquire stressed assets.
“There is a need to separate between promoters who have led the companies to this stage and the scenario where the promoter has been doing everything to revive the business but the sector conditions have not been viable. There is little bit of interpretation issue on the drafting of the ordinance which I think the government is proactive enough to seek a feedback and tweak it,” Manish Aggarwal, partner and head of the resolutions, special situations group at KPMG India, told Mint at a recent event.
The ordinance bars not only wilful defaulters, but also several other categories of investors such as guarantors to the debtor, those with loans classified as non-performing assets for at least a year, those convicted for any offence with a prison term of more than two years, directors in companies that have been disqualified, entities barred by the capital markets regulator, those who have been found to have struck fraudulent transactions with the firm, and connected entities.
Banks have referred 12 large borrowers for insolvency proceedings following a 13 June directive from the Reserve Bank of India. The central bank has set a 13 December deadline for another set of accounts, for which lenders must finalize a resolution plan, failing which they have to take these borrowers to the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT).
“The problem will arise for the accounts in the second list, because in these cases, you will not have enough interest or a broad set of bidders. I think once the first 12 cases are done, then for the next set of cases, we might see some tweaking from the government,” said KPMG's Aggarwal.
I thought I had the perfect product -- but no one was buying.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
In 2011, I left my private equity job to start my own company, with the goal of making it easier for professional women to shop and dress for work. I knew that getting the business off the ground would require hard work, but I (naively) assumed it would be straightforward. Having seen the success of other hot direct-to-consumer startups, I thought that if I followed their formula of making beautiful products, pricing them reasonably and selling them through an ecommerce site, we would see instant success. I was wrong.
Related: Ayah Bdeir Wants to Ignite the Inner Inventor in Us All
When we launched our website in 2013, we excitedly waited for the orders to roll in. Instead -- crickets. We didn't see any traction: No one was visiting our site, and we didn't have a marketing budget, so acquiring customers was difficult. I realized then that other ecommerce models weren't particularly relevant for us. We needed to go back to the drawing board when it came to how we were selling our product.
About a year after launching our site, our sales were still lagging. One day, I walked into our inventory room, and saw that it was packed with product we were struggling to sell. I thought, We are going to die under a mountain of dresses.
In an act of desperation, my six-person team and I decided to be more proactive about getting women to give us a try. We emailed our customer list, saying, "Can we send you a box of styles, and you can keep the ones you like and return the ones you don't? You don't have to pay anything up front." A surprising percentage of customers responded "yes" to that email, and we made more money in that one week than we ever had in one month.
Related: I Never Let 'No' Stop Me
That experience led to an epiphany: Our customer is too busy to shop. Typical ecommerce websites are overwhelming to them They come home after a long day of decision-making at work, and the last thing they want to do is figure out what size to order, or if a particular silhouette will complement their body shape. They want to outsource that decision-making to someone else. So, rather than expecting them to browse online, we developed a styling service just for her: Our Bento Box program was born.
When we launched this service, our revenue tripled overnight, and we've grown steadily ever since via that and other channels. What began as a crisis soon became a brand-defining moment. We realized that it wasn't enough to get the product right. We also had to rethink the entire shopping process and adapt it for our customer's specific needs and lifestyle. How we sold our products mattered just as much as the products themselves.
Thanks to that desperate moment in our tiny fulfillment center, we realized that what our customer needed was not just a beautiful dress, but a styling service that would help them save time. Once we understood that, we configured our whole business around serving her, both online and offline. Ever since, MM.LaFleur has been synonymous with both beautiful clothes and stellar service.
Related: The Only Advice You Need to Raise Capital
I always tell early stage entrepreneurs that your darkest moments can often yield game-changing breakthroughs. Ours forced us to stretch ourselves and challenge our assumptions about who we were. It wasn't an influx of funding that helped us turn things around -- it was our ability to get creative within major constraints. Now, when we face a challenge, we always think back to that moment in 2014 and remember: Constraint breeds creativity. You never know when your next breakthrough is right around the corner.
Sarah La Fleur will be speaking at Ellevate Network's Mobilizing the Power of Women Summit in New York City and streamed online in June.
ALLEN COUNTY, Ind. (WOWO): A winter storm is getting ready to strike northern Indiana.
A Winter Strom WARNING will go into effect at 1:00 a.m., Tuesday for Noble and LaGrange Counties. At the same time, a Winter Weather ADVISORY will go into effect for Allen, Whitley and Kosciusko Counties. Both the warning and the advisory will be in effect until 7:00 a.m., Wednesday, according to the National Weather Service.
Total snow accumulations will vary greatly from north to south, with 3 to 5 inches on average. However, you could see up to 8 inches if you're located north of 30.
Winds gusting between 30 and 40 mph will also cause areas of blowing and drifting snow making travel difficult, especially on east west roads. Be sure to tune into Fort Wayne's Morning News with Charly Butcher to get the latest traffic and weather.
Manjot Kalra scored a famous ton as India dispatched Australia by eight wickets to win the 2018 Under-19 World Cup at Bay Oval in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand on Saturday.
Needing 217 to win, Rahul Dravid's boys made light work of the target and comfortably won the game in 38.5 overs. Manjot led from the front with 101 not out off 102 balls, hitting eight fours and three sixes.
They were nicely supported by captain Prithvi Shaw (29), Shubman Gill (31) and Marvik Desai (47*). Manjot shared 71-, 60- and 89-run stands with these three batsmen to take India over the line.
It was India's fourth World Cup trophy, which is a record in the history of the tournament.
After choosing to bat first, Australia were bowled out for 216 in 47.2 overs. Their batsmen got good starts but couldn't really convert those into big runs. Jonathan Merlo, however, was the exception as they made a solid 76. If it wasn't for their innings, Australia's challenge would have been far weaker.
India's bowlers had a great day at the office with Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Anukul Roy, Shiva Singh, Ishan Porel all taking two wickets each. Shivam Mavi chipped in with one wicket.
Man-of-the-Match Manjot was pleased as punch at the post-match presentation. "I enjoyed it a lot. The conditions were good. Not a difficult wicket, it was flat and good to bat on. It's been a great environment within the team and I've enjoyed that," they said.
Shaw was ecstatic too. "I really can't express what I'm feeling now. All credit to our support staff, they've really been supporting us for the last two years. And full credit to the guys as well," they said.
"Rahul sir is a legend. It was the final, a very crucial hundred from Manjot. Gill was batting really well. And the two pacers, Mavi and Kamlesh, who've been excellent throughout the tournament. Thanks for all the support from India. Great memories here. We're looking forward to going back."
Why A Cancer Patient Opposes The 'Right To Try' Experimental Cancer Drugs
Michael Becker is dying from cancer. But they tell NPR's Scott Simon that they oppose the passage of the Right To Try Act, which gives terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
Imagine you've been diagnosed with cancer. You've been told it's terminal. Doctors have tried everything. The only option left may be experimental, unapproved drugs. You want these drugs no matter what the risk. This week, President Trump urged Congress to pass what's called the Right To Try Act in their State of the Union address. But many doctors, scientists and those involved in research think it may be a bad idea. Michael Becker is the former CEO of two biotech firms working to develop cancer treatments. Mr. Becker also has terminal cancer. Michael Becker joins us from Bucks County, Pa. Thanks so much for being with us.
MICHAEL BECKER: My pleasure, Scott. Thanks for having me.
SIMON: And I have to begin by asking you, how are you?
BECKER: (Laughter) Feeling pretty good. The quality of life at the moment is not too bad. And I'm happy to still be here.
SIMON: Why are you suspicious of the Right To Try Act?
BECKER: You know, I agree with President Trump that patients like me that are facing a terminal illness should have an opportunity to access experimental drugs. Fortunately, we already do. It's the Compassionate Use mechanism for the Food and Drug Administration.
SIMON: Having read about you, you just don't believe that this would be redundant but could be dangerous.
BECKER: Yeah. If you put the two side by side, there's only one difference. And that is the FDA. The FDA gets taken out of the equation with the proposed legislation. The FDA is in the equation with the existing regulations. Compassionate Use process is extremely easy. Basically, go to your doctor. Find one who will agree to administer the therapy. Contact the drug company. See if they're also willing to agree. Fill out the paperwork. And then if the FDA doesn't object, the patient can get the treatment. And the only difference with the new legislation is that last part. The FDA is taken out of the equation.
SIMON: With respect, why care so much about the FDA if a life is hanging in the balance?
BECKER: So as a terminal cancer patient, I would, you know, obviously love to try something that's going to prolong my life or cure my cancer. The reality is that that's a very, very small statistic in terms of drug development discovery. Only 5 percent of drugs that go through phase one development actually go on to be approved. So you're talking about giving people medications that, in historical context, have only had a 5 percent chance of actually working at the end of the day. And then you're exposing these patients to, potentially, additional toxicities that could accelerate their death or cause additional problems for them.
SIMON: I'm sure you've run all this through your mind. Why not - I was about to ask you, why not let the patient decide? Why not let you decide?
BECKER: Well, the problem becomes that you have a lot of false hope as a terminal cancer patient. You want to cling to anything that's going to sound like it's an opportunity to live longer or have a better quality of life. And that hope can sometimes cover up the realities of some of the more sinister aspects of getting a drug, which are things go wrong. So I could take a drug that was purported to help me, and it may actually make my condition worse. It could create other difficulties for me. And then my quality of life may be even worse than it was originally. That's what I would fear as a - or what I do fear as a patient.
SIMON: Yeah. And would it potentially take advantage of people at their most vulnerable?
BECKER: Absolutely. I can't tell you how many times I see miracle cures and herbal remedies and everything from unsolicited emails to Internet ads, you know, talking about cures and treatments for cancer. If you take the FDA as the police officer out of that equation, I'm scared to death as to what cancer patients or other patients facing terminal illnesses may be subjected to.
SIMON: Well, Mr. Becker, good luck to you. We are so grateful to speak with you. Thank you so much.
BECKER: Thank you, Scott.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - The United States appears to have shelved an “all or nothing” approach to North Korean denuclearization as U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo prepares to head back to North Korea this week hoping to agree a roadmap for its nuclear disarmament.
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo speaks during an event to unveil the 2018 Trafficking in Persons (TIP) Report at the State Department in Washington, U.S., June 28, 2018. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Pompeo will spend a day and a half in North Korea on Friday and Saturday on what will be their third trip to the country this year, and their first since an unprecedented summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore on June 12.
It will be Pompeo's first overnight stop in the country, with which the United States had remained technically at war since the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice not a peace treaty.
At the Singapore summit, Kim made a broad commitment to “work toward denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,” but has made no mention of how or when Pyongyang might give up a nuclear weapons program that threatens the United States and its allies.
U.S. officials have since been trying to flesh out an agreement critics say is short on substance and map a route to a deal that might live up to Trump's enthusiastic portrayal of the summit outcome.
But U.S. officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said there had been no sign of a breakthrough and little progress towards even defining the keys terms of any agreement.
What has been seen instead is an apparent softening in the Trump administration's approach, in spite of what U.S. officials say are intelligence assessments saying that North Korea is continuing to deceive Washington about its weapons programs.
The U.S. administration has previously demanded that North Korea agree to abandon its entire nuclear program before it could expect any relief from tough international sanctions. Ahead of the Singapore summit, Pompeo said Trump would reject anything short of “complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization.”
But following talks on Sunday between U.S. envoy Sung Kim and North Korean counterparts to set up Pompeo's latest Pyongyang visit, this “CVID” mantra appears suddenly to have disappeared from the State Department lexicon.
It says pressure will remain until North Korea denuclearizes, but in statements this week, has redefined the U.S. goal as “the final, fully verified denuclearization of (North Korea) as agreed to by Chairman Kim.”
STEP BACK
Two U.S. officials said the Trump administration had stepped back from its CVID demand on South Korea's advice.
The South Koreans, who have been pursuing their own talks with North Korea, argued that step-by-step negotiations were more likely to be successful than insisting Pyongyang yield to all U.S. demands before any concessions.
There was also a realization, one official said, that maintaining Chinese and Russian cooperation over North Korea would be “more problematic if the U.S. stuck to an all-or-nothing posture.”
The official said that the North Koreans had largely refused in talks with Sung Kim to respond to attempts to define the key terms of an eventual agreement, including the words complete, verifiable and irreversible.
“The choice was either bend it or break it,” one of the officials said.
A senior South Korean official told U.S. officials in a meeting in Washington last month that the U.S. side should stop pressing for CVID, which North Korea saw as a recipe for unilateral disarmament that would leave it vulnerable to regime change, according to a source familiar with the discussions.
The South Korean official suggested that the U.S. instead refer to “mutual threat reduction,” the source said.
The official also argued that it would be difficult to inspect North Korean nuclear and missile facilities in a conventional way involving “hundreds” of international investigators, as Pyongyang would be unlikely to accept.
Patrick Cronin of the Center for a New American Security, an Asia expert in close touch with U.S. and South Korean officials, said the thinking seemed to be that although Kim would not want to give up their entire nuclear program anytime soon, they might be willing to dismantle major portions of it.
“The U.S. may be exploring the degree to which they will dismantle major programs within the coming months, and if dropping some language to do this is required, Washington seems willing to do that at this point,” they said.
“Because verified denuclearization of the main elements of a nuclear and missile program is the best that can be hoped for, Washington has quietly begun emphasizing final, fully verified denuclearization,” they said.
“Ambiguity in language may open up space for agreement despite the fact that interlocutors have different goals in mind. This is what is occurring right now as Washington and Pyongyang engage in talks to determine whether a workable deal is possible.”
White House national security adviser John Bolton said on Sunday the bulk of North Korea's weapons programs could be dismantled within a year - “if they have the strategic decision already made to do that.”
On Tuesday, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert declined give a timeframe for North Korea's denuclearization.
“I know some individuals have given timelines; we're not going to provide a timeline for that,” they said. “A lot of work is left to be done, certainly. We go into these eyes wide open.”
WATERLOO — Wilfrid Laurier University graduate student Lindsay Shepherd stood quietly in the back of a crowded room on campus as they listened to faculty, staff and students debate and defend a draft statement on freedom of expression.
It was a November incident on campus involving Shepherd and two university professors that led Laurier president Deborah MacLatchy to create a university task force on freedom of expression.
On Tuesday, more than 100 people from the main campus in Waterloo and the campus in Brantford attended a town hall organized by the 13-member task force seeking input on its statement.
"I think it's good," said Shepherd of the statement.
Related Content Laurier releases freedom of expression draft
"I think what was kind of good about this event was it was very clear (there is) a diversity of voices on the task force ... but in the end, they were all still defending this one statement."
But not everyone in attendance saw the statement in a positive light. In fact, most of those who took to the microphone to address the task force were critical of it.
"The statement seems more concerned with assuaging those who believe in their right to express speech no matter the consequences than it does with those who will ultimately face the consequences of such speech," Prof. Steve Wilcox via video conference from the Brantford campus.
"Especially given what we know about certain types of speech, such as speech that promotes discrimination and hate based on gender, sexual orientation, and race."
Others felt that the statement put too much of a burden on groups like the Rainbow Centre and the Diversity and Equity Office to offer a safe space for people who may feel threatened or oppressed by some events being held on campus.
Members of the task force were expecting to hear a range of views.
Updated: The government has withdrawn a bill to put tougher penalties for animal welfare into the Australian Meat and Livestock Industry and the Export Control Acts to avoid a vote on Labor's amendments to ban live sheep exports.
Labor Agriculture spokesperson Joel Fitzgibbon gave notice in Federal Parliament on Wednesday that they would move to add an amendment to ban live to Mr Littleproud's bill this morning.
Mr Fitzgibbon announced their move when declaring Labor's support for new laws brought by Agriculture Minister David Littleproud for tougher penalties for live exporters who breach animal welfare standards.
"It will put a stop to the summer trade at the first immediate opportunity and it will phase out the live sheep trade over a five-year period," Mr Fitzgibbon said.
Their amendment mirrors the private members bill of Farrer MP Sussan Ley.
Ms Ley's bill did not get enough support to make it to a vote, despite backing from Victorian MPs Sarah Henderson and Jason Wood. Queensland MP Warren Entsch has subsequently announced they wanted to see live sheep exports banned.
Mr Littleproud accused Labor of politicising animal welfare reform.
“Labor said it would be bipartisan on live exports, but at the first opportunity it aims to create pointless war and stop us penalising live exporters who do the wrong thing,” they said.
Mr Fitzgibbon told reporters today they knew of Coalition MPs who would have crossed the floor to support their amendment, but declined to name them.
Mr Littleproud is a strong supporter of live sheep exports and has moved to boost animal welfare standards.
They visited Middle Eastern customers last week to reassure them of Australia's support for the trade.
They have committed to implement all 23 recommendations from the McCarthy review into the live exports in the northern hemisphere summer, which include:
Heat stress will replace mortality rates as the key measure of animal welfare.
The reportable mortality level will be halved, from two to one per cent.
An allometric stocking density system will be introduced, providing for around 39pc more space for sheep on the voyage, and reducing stocking density by about 28pc.
Mr Littleproud said their reforms were designed to support the farm sector and future-proof the sheep trade against future animal welfare controversies.
“I want to make sure there is a legacy, that no matter who comes in after me, that this cannot be broken down,” they said when they released the McCarthy Review in Sydney.
Mr Fitzgibbon claimed the community did not support live sheep exports and has said it's not right for Australia “to continue into the future a trade which can't meet reasonable community animal welfare standards”.
NEW YORK, Dec 10 (Reuters) - The newest way to bet on bitcoin, the cyptocurrency that has taken Wall Street by storm with its stratospheric price rise and wild daily gyrations, will arrive on Sunday when bitcoin futures start trading.
The first bitcoin future trades are set to kick off at 6 p.m. EST (2300 GMT) on Cboe Global Markets Inc's Cboe Futures Exchange.
The launch has given an extra kick to the cyptocurrency's scorching run this year. It has nearly doubled in price since the start of December, but recent days saw sharp moves in both directions, with bitcoin losing almost a fifth of its value on Friday after surging more than 40 percent in the previous 48 hours.
But while some market participants are excited about a regulated way to bet on or hedge against moves in bitcoin, others caution that risks remain for investors and possibly even the clearing organizations underpinning the trades.
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
“The pretty sharp rise we have seen in bitcoin in just the last couple of weeks has probably been driven by optimism ahead of the futures launch,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin.
Bitcoin fans appear excited about the prospect of an exchange-listed and regulated product and the ability to bet on its price swings without having to sign up for a digital wallet.
The futures are an alternative to a largely unregulated spot market underpinned by cryptocurrency exchanges that have been plagued by cybersecurity and fraud issues.
“You are going to open up the market to a whole lot of people who aren't currently in bitcoin,” Frederick said.
The futures launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages.
Interactive Brokers plans to offer its customers access to the first bitcoin futures when trading goes live, but bars clients from assuming short positions and has margin requirements of at least 50 percent.
Several online brokerages including Charles Schwab and TD Ameritrade will not allow the trading of the newly launched futures from day one.
Some of the big U.S. banks including JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, will not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients, the Financial Times reported on Friday.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc on Thursday said it is planning to clear bitcoin futures for certain clients.
VOLATILITY DAMPENER
Bitcoin's manic run-up this year has boosted volatility far in excess of other asset classes. The launch of futures may help dampen some of the sharp moves, analysts said.
“Hypothetically, volatility over the long run should drop after institutions get involved,” said Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive of Los Angeles-based Capital Market Laboratories.
“But there may not be an immediate impact, say in the first month,” they said.
The launch futures on an underlying spot market can lend more order to spot trading in the long run, by facilitating better price discovery and directional bets, not just long bets, J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago, said.
Analysts, however, warn that much of how the futures market will react is a mystery, given that bitcoin is unlike any other asset.
“This is completely unknown territory,” said Charles Schwab's Frederick.
Fears of inaccurate pricing and systemic risk to clearing houses should prices move sharply and clients fail to meet margin calls remain. Brokers have said that more safeguards are needed to protect against bitcoin's high volatility.
For a factbox on the launch of bitcoin futures contracts, see:
The risk of market participants manipulating the underlying spot market to their benefit in the futures market is another big concern.
“Large equity indexes show some volatility around cash settlements and those are in highly liquid, highly regulated venues,” said Steve Sosnick, chief options strategist at Interactive Brokers Group Inc in Greenwich, Connecticut.
“Compare that to cash settlement in bitcoin, and there is a lot more uncertainty on how that would play out.”
Plastics is the unlikely celebration of plastic bags and, more generally, plastic objects that have caught photographer Michael James Fox's eye over the years. Michael spent their childhood reading skate magazines and watching videos of peers with similar interests. Michael's interest in photography was sparked when a friend gained access to a VHS camera. As time went by, Michael's attention shifted from film to photography, the latter of which continues to interest them today. “Video making led me to photography when I was 16,” Michael tells It's Nice That. “At that time I was obsessed with MC Escher and Dali, I wanted to create surreal images of my own. In the darkroom I sandwiched negatives together, experimented with blurring and even painted on prints.” It is safe to say that abstraction continues to be at the heart of Michael's practice.
At first glance Michael's photographs resemble soft, delicate substances that have been captured mid-movement. They look nothing like your local Tesco shopping bags you buy for 5p in your local supermarket. “I started collecting plastic bags when I was traveling for work in 2005. I wanted to keep them as souvenirs. I would search local corner shops, bazaars and food markets for vibrant coloured or uniquely designed bags to fill my collection,” the photographer says. Michael took their first still-life plastic-inspired picture in London in 2008. Their time in the capital was difficult, they say, but gave them time to stretch their photography skills and experiment with different styles. At the time Michael thought nothing much of their images but, as the years went by, the artist found themselves turning back to them, noting that they had inadvertently been creating a coherent series.
Plastics is an ongoing body of work and — despite the book's recent publication — Michael will continue experimenting and exploring the synthetic material. “Photography allows me to evaluate myself in a different way. I usually work on fashion and advertising assignments but my own work allows me to connect more deeply with my subconscious. A visual expression of something I can't articulate in words.” As one of the world's main pollutants, plastic receives mostly negative press. Michael's book reimagines the commonplace material and reveals the material's creative potential and artistic merit.
The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is pictured in New York City, New York, U.S., August 2, 2017.
(Reuters) - Wall Street opened higher on Monday, with broad gains across sectors, as investor sentiment was lifted by easing tensions in the Korean peninsula after key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
All the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with S&P financial's .SPSY 1.12 percent rise leading the gainers.
Global stocks lost nearly $1 trillion last week after President Donald Trump warned North Korea that it would face "fire and fury" if it threatened the United States, leading to a war of words between Pyongyang and Washington.
However, U.S. officials including National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and CIA Director Mike Pompeo played down the risk on Sunday, while South Korea's president said resolving Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully.
"Feels as though the North Korean tension seems to be abating a bit, with commentary coming out of China and the United States. But the situation seems to have de-escalated in the near term", said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"After the one and a half percent self-off last week, we got a bit of a investor attitude to buy the dip," Hogan said.
At 9:39 a.m. ET (1339 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was up 129.25 points, or 0.59 percent, at 21,987.57 and the S&P 500 .SPX was up 19.63 points, or 0.80 percent, at 2,460.95.
The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 61.57 points, or 0.98 percent, at 6,318.12.
Oil prices fell as a slowdown in Chinese refining raised concerns about demand in the world's second-biggest consumer, while an increase in U.S. drilling capacity could deepen a global supply glut. [O/R]
Among stocks, Tesla (TSLA.O) rose 2.35 percent after two brokerages raised their price targets on the stock, citing the potential success of the company's Model 3 sedan.
JD.com (JD.O), China's second-largest e-commerce firm, was off 4.8 percent after reporting a wider net loss due to higher marketing costs.
Alibaba (BABA.N) was up about 0.96 percent after Dan Loeb's Third Point bought 4.5 million shares in the Chinese e-commerce giant.
Netflix (NFLX.O) shares were down 0.86 percent after Barron's reported on Saturday that the stock could drop by more than half by the end of the decade as Walt Disney (DIS.N) plans its own streaming service and Amazon (AMZN.O) looms.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,250 to 376. On the Nasdaq, 1,920 issues rose and 518 fell.
Vermont Legislators Want To Reconsider Law For Attempted Crimes Vermont dropped some charges against Jack Sawyer after the state supreme court ruled their alleged school shooting plot wasn't an attempted crime. Now state legislators are looking to rewrite the law.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan is gaining ground in opinion polls ahead of a July 25 general election, with one survey showing it pulling ahead of the ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
Imran Khan, chairperson of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), gestures while addressing their supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in Karachi, Pakistan, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
A survey by Pulse Consultant showed Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI, or Pakistan Justice Movement) ahead with the support of 30 percent of respondents nationwide, compared to 27 percent for its main rival, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was at 17 percent.
A separate nationwide poll by Gallup Pakistan had PML-N on top with 26 percent, PTI with 25 percent and the PPP at 16 percent.
Both polls were commissioned by Pakistan's Jang Media Group and were published on Wednesday in its affiliated newspaper, The News. They each surveyed about 3,000 people, with a margin of error of 1.6 percent for the Pulse survey and 2-3 percent for Gallup.
The new polls indicate a swing towards Khan's party compared to similar nationwide polls in 2017, which put the PML-N 8-9 percentage points ahead of PTI.
Imran Khan (2nd R), chairperson of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) political party, gestures to clear the way among supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in Karachi, Pakistan, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Khan's political fortunes have improved since PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister by the Supreme Court last year over undeclared assets.
Sharif, who was disqualified from politics for life, now faces a verdict in an anti-corruption court on Friday along with their daughter Maryam, who is running for parliament. The case, which concerns the purchase of luxury apartments in London, could see Sharif jailed and Maryam disqualified.
Sharif requested on Wednesday that the authorities delay the verdict until they return to Pakistan from London, where they are taking care of their ailing wife. They said they would be back as soon as their wife's condition improves.
“I want to hear that decision in person standing in the courtroom,” they told a press conference in London televised live by Pakistani TV channels.
Asked if they would go back home regardless of the outcome in the case, Sharif said: “If it comes in my favour, or, God forbid, it comes against me, I will go back.”
Sharif has accused the military and courts conspiring to oust them and using legal cases and intimidation to help Khan's PTI party, accusations denied by Khan, the army and the judiciary.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Khan, a former cricket captain of Pakistan, has portrayed the legal cases as a long-overdue corruption crackdown on the PML-N, which they have labelled a graft-ridden “mafia”.
WWE Monday Night Raw Preview: August 14, 2017
A new challenger will emerge for the Raw Women's Championship.
by Aditya Rangarajan Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 18:03 IST
Who will challenge Alexa Bliss for the Raw Women's Championship at SummerSlam?
Lesser than a week out from the biggest party of the summer, the Red brand gears up in earnest for an all-action encounter on Sunday.
Samoa Joe was instrumental in helping decide the bruising Last Man Standing match between Roman Reigns and Braun Strowman last week, but did they bite off more than they can chew when they choked out the Big Dog?
As we know only too well by now, Roman Reigns doesn't back down from any antagonist — let alone one who specializes in sneak attacks.
Also, with Revival ruled out of their date with the Hardy Boyz at SummerSlam, who will step up to challenge the legendary tag team this weekend?
The Raw Women's Champion, Alexa Bliss, is another Superstar in limbo as they await the clash between Sasha Banks and Nia Jax on Raw to determine who will emerge as the number one contender for their title.
Covering all these points and more, here is our Preview of this week's episode of Monday Night Raw.
The Awakening?
Are the Hardys on the cusp of something special?
With the Revival ruled out of their stipulated bout against the legendary Hardy Boyz at SummerSlam, who will pick up where the Top Guys left off?
Rollins and Ambrose seem to have plenty to deal with between themselves, let alone against Sheamus and Cesaro, leaving — realistically — only the Good Brothers to step up to the plate.
Will Gallows and Anderson sense opportunity and spring up to answer the call? For if they do, and somehow manage to knock off the recently dethroned WWE Raw Tag Team Champions, it could mark the beginning of their ascent back to Tag Team gold.
Regardless, the Hardy Boyz seem to be in the middle of their own metamorphosis. Everyone knew that they were Broken not too long ago; but if the sounds coming out of their camp are anything to go by, will SummerSlam play host to their Awakening?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sergio Ramos gifted a group of children a once in a lifetime opportunity when they played football with them during a recent Unicef trip.
The 31-year-old is currently in Peru with the charity.
The Los Blancos captain, who guided their side to La Liga and Champions League glory last season, took to Instagram to document their time in South America.
In one video, Ramos can be seen playing football with as many as 11 boys and girls.
In another post, the centre-back could be seen goofing around with a young boy.
(Photo: Sergio Ramos /Twitter)
(Photo: Sergio Ramos /Twitter)
Next to their post, Ramos captioned: "This is my friend Joshua. With just 2 years and 8 months they have known firsthand what an emergency is.
"After suffering acute malnutrition, they have returned to eating and has already gained 1kg. Their eyes shine again with hope and joy. A hug and a ball make you happy."
(Photo: Sergio Ramos /Twitter)
(Photo: Sergio Ramos /Twitter)
The Spaniard featured in 43 games under Zinedine Zidane last season, scoring 10 goals.
Barcelona rivals Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez, meanwhile, are spending their summer holidays partying in Ibiza with Cesc Fabregas.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 6:41 am |
A room in Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital in Yerushalayim. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - Forty percent more Israelis donated their kidneys to help others who needed them, according to volunteer organization Matnat Chaim (“The Gift of Life”). In 2016, 127 kidneys were donated by Israelis via the organization, the largest one in Israel dealing with such transplants. Over the past nine years, the group has arranged for 380 donations – making 2016 a banner year.
The figures related strictly to “altruistic donations,” in which the donor does not know the recipient, and donates a kidney via the organization. The figures do not include work by other groups, which facilitate donations between relatives and friends.
Matnat Chaim is an Israeli non-profit dedicated to encouraging healthy volunteers to donate kidneys to patients who require a transplant. Donors do not receive monetary compensation, and most are altruistic donors who do not know their recipients prior to the procedure. The organization functions on a not-for-profit basis; the sole motivation of volunteers is their desire to help others and save lives, according to the organization.
In Israel, there are 8,500 patients who receive dialysis, a treatment that allows those without functioning kidneys to survive. Some 15 percent of those receiving the treatment die from kidney disease each year. An additional 400 people begin dialysis each year.
Rabbi Yehoshua Haber, chairperson of Matnat Chaim, told Yisrael Hayom that these donations have helped lengthen the lives of many people. “They not only help the recipient, but they enrich the lives of the donors as well. I look forward to the day when there will be no need for donations at all.”
Source: BAZ seeks another order to bar Kwese TV – NewsDay Zimbabwe October 6, 2017
THE Broadcasting Authority of Zimbabwe (BAZ) this week approached the High Court again seeking to bar Kwese TV from broadcasting.
Kwese TV received a major boost last week after Dr Dish's application seeking to broadcast pending a Supreme Court appeal by BAZ, was granted by High Court judge Justice Charles Hungwe.
BY CHARLES LAITON
But on Monday, BAZ chief executive officer, Obert Muganyura again approached the court challenging its decision. They argued Kwese TV had been allowed to operate illegally and that Justice Hungwe had no jurisdiction to entertain the business dispute. BAZ is now seeking leave to appeal to the Supreme Court again.
“The legal provision makes it clear and the Administrative Court itself has no power to authorise the respondent (Dr Dish) to carry on broadcasting services. That power vests with the first applicant herein (BAZ). It was, therefore completely irregular for the High Court to have assumed jurisdiction and to have proceeded to authorise the respondent to operate without a licence,” Muganyura said in their urgent application.
“The applicants (Muganyura and BAZ) maintain the position that they acted in accordance with the law and cancelled the licence.”
Muganyura said Justice Hungwe, in their earlier judgment in favour of Dr Dish, had confirmed that the latter was operating illegally and had contravened some sections of the conditions of the licence.
“In addition, the honourable court on page three of this judgment, states that the first applicant can be compensated if the respondent is operating outside the law by raising a fine. With respect, this amounts to the court sanctioning an illegality,” they said.
“Once there is a possibility that the respondent is contravening the law, it follows that the appeal noted in case number SC677/17 has prospects of success and, therefore, an application for leave to execute the judgment of the High Court pending appeal must not have been granted,” Muganyura said.
In their judgment recently, Justice Hungwe ruled that Muganyura's decision to cancel Dr Dish's licence was illegal, since they had no authority to make the decision without the approval of the BAZ board. But, in response to Justice Hungwe, Muganyura said the judge had missed the point.
“Upon proper construction, the powers of the second respondent herein between board meetings must necessarily include the power to cancel licences. At the present moment, it suffices to state that I (Muganyura), the second applicant, has such powers to act and cancel the licence of the respondent,” they said.
Muganyura said members of the public buying decoders and subscribing to Kwese would not be compensated.
The matter is yet to be set down for hearing.
Brighton Celebrates 150th Birthday With Block Party
August 14, 2017
History came alive in Downtown Brighton yesterday as the community celebrated the city's 150th birthday.
The community block party on Main Street had an old timey-feeling with its variety of historic displays, performances, and attractions. Mindy Kinsey, a member of the Brighton Area Historical Society, says the goal was to engage the community with a blast from the region's past.
Party guests strolled down the street, taking in the attractions the celebration offered in a timeline fashion. There were older practices, like blacksmith demonstrations and vintage photo opportunities, coupled with more modern amenities, such as the entertainment performances. There were also components that included both.
The Casual Quilters Guild of Brighton hosted a quilt show at St. Paul's Episcopal Church. On display were quilts that were recently made, as well as those made a very long time ago. Betsy Herbst, whose family settled in Brighton in 1837, brought quilts to display that were made by their grandmother and great-grandmother. They say the quilts were made in the early 1900s'.
The event also included a picnic and a tour of the Old Village Cemetery. As part of the tour, volunteers took on a character, acting as certain people that were buried in the cemetery. That included noteworthy individuals, like Kinsley Bingham, who served as Michigan's 11th governor and is buried at the Old Village cemetery. There were also characters that represented individuals that were seemingly average, but no less important to Brighton's history.
Tammy Sexton, a member of the Historical Society, played Alice Jolly, a single mother of two children. Sexton says their character is important because their situation was always relevant. Sexton reminds that even back then, there were women who faced challenges that come along with being a single parent. Sexton says that timeless connection and ability to relate is what makes history interesting.
Jim Vichich, President of the Brighton Area Historical Society, feels the event was well-attended and enjoyed by all.
A giant, fake birthday cake was created for the occasion and floated in the center of the Mill Pond, and the evening was capped off with a 50 Amp Fuse concert and a laser light show. (DK)
A few years ago we touched on the topic of key-flailing, specifically to point out that using your keys as the tip of a flail (on a cord, on a purpose-built device as are sold online, or on a kubotan used as a handle) is not an effective self-defense technique. There are, nonetheless, a number of people who continue to advocate the practice, as well as a few other ways to use keys for self-defense that simply aren't advisable.
The worst of these recommendations is shoving your keys through your fingers to use them as some kind of makeshift punch-enhancer. I soft-pedaled my criticism of this technique previously, but the fact is, you're going to hurt your own hand worse than you are going to hurt an attacker with your keys through your fingers like this:
It's far better, when using your keys to jab an assailant in the eyes or throat (the only really viable targets for this technique) to simply hold a single key as you would normally hold it. My car key, for example, is perfect for this. It's large enough to be useful, sharp enough to put in someone's eye to good effect, and is typically already in my hand when I'm on my way to the car. Transitioning from indoors to a vehicle, or leaving a vehicle, are two major points of vulnerability for any of us.
Of course, the problem with using your keys for self-defense is that if you damage them or lose them, they become useless for their intended purpose. If you lose a house or car key you might even be putting yourself at risk for a future crime. If an assailant picks up your keys and runs off with them, if they have some idea where you live, they may just come back to help themselves to your vehicle or let themselves into your home. Still, in most cases a quick jab to the eye with a car key is better than… well, not doing that.
If key-related shenanigans figure prominently in your self-defense plans, consider picking up something disposable that can stand in for the same purpose. (“TheLolly” or a similar implement is perfect for this.) Remember, though, that if your keys are on a substantial key chain or fob like a kubotan, you are better off striking with the kubotan than with the keys. Be content to let the keys rattle along as you hit with the fob as it was intended to be used.
To be honest, if your keys are all you have for self-defense, it's probably time to invest in something more substantial. This is easier said than done in some locales. Still, it's a serious issue, and something that should be on your mind if your only plans for self-preservation revolve around using your car- or house-keys to fend off a mugger.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Prime Minister, Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Wednesday expressed grief over the loss of precious lives including the FC personnel, while thwarting attack on the office of the Political Agent, Mohmand Agency.
The Prime Minister in a statement commended the selfless and
responsible role of Armed forces in protecting the lives of citizens
without any fear.
The Prime Minister said the security of the motherland had been made
impregnable by the sacrifices of the armed forces.
They also expressed condolences with the bereaved families of the martyrs.
ON VIDEO: 2017 Wild Turkey Bowhunt On opening day of this year's wild turkey season we videoed our hunts. I called and had first video duty and 'The Duck" bowhunted.
Duck Or Come To Dinner With 'The Duck' When they stopped coming I watched the big longbeard's head and posture, weighing what they would do now. And I made my choice. It worked...
Calling All Gobblers! It's Opening Morning The Duck, (Don Beckwith) put their Range Finder on the Gobbler and got the yardage reading. We needed to get that Longbeard 40 yards closer.
Bowhunting Alberta Bears Watch this huge blonde bear lumber in to the stand. Kevin puts a perfect shot on them and they go down just out of view.
I Take More 'Late Big Buck' Pictures Taking deer pictures of a particular deer is a challenge. It takes a consistent attitude of staying-in-the-game to make it pay off for ya.
VIDEO: George Winters Brushy Hill Wild Turkey Bowhunt George Winters is a master of Self-Video and does a top notch job in this video of their awesome 2017 bowhunt in south Texas for the Rio Grande wild turkeys.
Matt Morrett: 10 Turkey Decoy Tips For Success Matt Morrett on How and Why do turkey decoys work? And 9 other great tips for you to make your turkey hunts more successful.
VIDEO: First Time Black Bear Bowhunter Successful On the first hunt of their first bowhunt for Canadian Black Bear our bowhunter uses their traditional bow to bag a big boar.
THE LATE BIG BUCK Middle Of March And Here Comes A Buck The Other Bucks Are All Looking At. Hmmmm. Long Black Hocks. Long Tan Tines. Nice
Turkey Hunter? Get $20 Gift Card From ScentBlocker Bring On The Thunder! The Thunder Chicken Turkey Vest from Robinson Outdoors
Fred Bear: The Lost Interview Bowhunting legend Fred Bear interviewed by Mike Avery at Fred's famous Grousehaven hunting camp.
DANGER: THE EHD VIRUS IS DEADLY TO DEER There is a new deer disease named EHD and it is bad news. Caused by a biting fly, deer can be disabled and killed in 24 hours.
WHAT IS THE WORLD FIELD ARCHERY COMPETITION This Video is an introduction to the worldwide sport of field archery and highlights from Ireland, the 2016 host of the World Archery Field Championships.
WATCH RICK PHILIPPI'S MONSTER BUCK BOWHUNT ON TV Watch Rick Philippi's successful bowhunt for their 2016 monster buck. It's on the Pursuit Channel, Click Here for the dates and times.
NEVER BRING A RACCOON TO A WILD BOAR FIGHT! Rick Philippi sends a game camera pic of a raccoon that misjudged the situation when a big wild boar came up.
TEEN A WORLD CHAMPION ARCHER Young Blaze Ruffing takes their passion and archery skills all around the world.
IF A BUCK STILL HAS ANTLERS NOW, IS They STILL LOOKING FOR DOES? What are the bucks doing now? It's March 14 and here are pictures I took this morning and what this nice buck does just might surprise ya.
FIRST BUCK BY WISCONSIN LADY BOWHUNTER VIDEO: Eunice Zimbeck bowhunts the early season for bucks in central Wisconsin. Everything falls in place and Eunice arrows their first buck ever.
NEW: THE LIFT TRAIL CAMERA FROM EXODUS Built by trail camera veteran, bowhunters who built the perfect game camera ever, the LIFT, and sell direct so the customers save big and get the best.
COMPLETE PASS THRU ON CAPE BUFFALO Watch as this bowhunter arrows a big Cape Buffalo at 15-yards and gets a complete pass-through. In 25 seconds the large bull in on the ground.
WATCHING DEER: MARCH 8 A good morning in the deer woods. Broken Rack is back and a couple of larger, more mature bucks put some pressure on him.
Win $10,000 From Mangle Broadheads offers Big Bucks. Win the big one and receive $10,000.00. Or win $500.00. As well as a Free Mangle Broadheads camouflage cap.
MIA ANSTINE, SHOW US YOUR TURKEY HUNT GEAR! What does veteran wild turkey caller and hunter Mia Anstine carry in their turkey hunting pack? In this video they rifle through their Turkey gear to show all of you.
GEAR ALERT: SOLAR CHARGED CAMP LANTERN What is a Solar-Charged Camping Lantern? An off-the-gird lighting source that gives great light without batteries. Perfect!
BUGS ARE ATTRACTED BY LIGHT, OR ARE THEY? Everyone Knows That Bugs Are Attracted To Light. But maybe that is not what's happening at all. Find out here...
'ARCHERS PARADOX' IN SLOW MOTION GET SMARTER: Destin from the Smarter Every Day Research Team brings their slow motion video to Byron Ferguson to see what cause the famous 'Archer's Paradox'
GEAR ALERT: HELIO PRESSURE SHOWER FOR CAMPING If you hunt from a remote camp you know all about how difficult and important it is to stay clean. HELIO is the answer for a portable shower with good pressure.
TAYLOR Veteran deerhunter Taylor came down with their dad Robbie Cramer for their first bowhunt. They had a dandy bowhunt.
WHEN DO BUCKS SHED THEIR ANTLERS? A Mystery Solved. And The First Buck To Shed An Antler And Get Their Picture Taken!
INSIDE THE MIND OF TURKEY CALLER BILLY YARGUS, NWTF World Champion turkey Caller, is on a turkey hunt and tells us what they do as the hunt comes down and the gobbler shows us why Billy did those things.
VIDEO: MID DAY CALLING: TIPS FROM BILLY YARGUS NWTF WORLD CHAMPION Turkey Caller Billy Yargus shares how they make it happen in the turkey woods during Mid Day.
ATSKO HUNTING COMBO: SAVINGS PACK ATSKO offers you everything you need to make yourself less visible to game animals when you are hunting at a big savings.
LEARN HOW TO USE A MOUTH CALL FROM CHRIS PARRISH This Video has everything you need to know about calling turkeys with a mouth call. Chris Parish gives us this tutorial. Learn how to do it right.
Rocket Stove Starts Easy and Cooks Great! Demonstrated by YouTube's Farm Girl. This Rocket Stove stove is effortless to use, it's fast and easy to start and cooks great.
CHRIS PARISH: WHEN AND HOW TO CALL GOBBLERS Learn 'When' as well as 'How' to Turkey Call from 14x National Turkey Calling Champion Chris Parrish. Hear the sounds wild turkeys make and find out when to use them and how.
LETS WATCH SOME DEER: FEBRUARY 13 Bucks in this area usually keep their antlers until March. However, this morning I saw a buck who's antlers didn't look right.
LETS WATCH SOME DEER: On February 8 Today's deer sightings show us why getting in the woods after deer season and before the bucks shed their antlers is a good idea.
Don't Be Bugged By Bugs Soon those pesky mosquitoes and ticks will be back out. Get 'Bug Blocker for Ticks' and 'Bug Blocker for Mosquitoes' and run them off. From Robinson Outdoors.
Fred Bear On The History Of Bows Fred Bear had extensive knowledge of the history of the bow and archery and they share it with us in this video segment. Very informative.
Finding Deer In Unexpected Places My first year out here where my only neighbors are whitetail deer, wild turkey and wild hogs showed me precisely what I knew about deer ... not much.
How To Erase Your Human Scent How do you address 'Surface Based Odors' -- Odors from your skin, your clothing, and your gear? It's easy, erase those odors...
Fred Bear: The Beginning Fred Bear was an innovator in the world of bowhunting and archery, as well as bow making and the inventing of new archery products.
VIDEO CLASSIC: Fred Bear Dangerous Game Bow Hunting! Fred Bear at their best, stealthily stalking into bow range in the wilds of Mozambique Africa for Cape Buffalo, Elephant, Trophy Kudu and more.
Bow Review: 2017 PSE Bruit Force Lite Dalton Vaughn of Better Outdoors gives a bow report on the 2017 PSE Brute Force Lite in this Bow Report.
Wild Bull Bowhunting Bow hunting for wild bulls can be tense. You never know what they will do. Our bowhunter sneaks up to 20 yards and hoping to get an arrow off on a big wild bull.
How To Preserve And Tan A Rattlesnake Skin This Video show you how to preserve and tan a Rattlesnake Skin, or any snake skin. Follow these easy steps.
Scouting For Wild hogs: Then Set Up Right What do you look for when you scout for wild hogs? And what do you need to know to set up so you can get in the hog action.
How To Kill, Skin and Cook RATTLESNAKE From a live rattlesnake to a campfire cooked meal. Rattlesnake is common fare for some. However, most don't have a clue about what to do with them.
Duck's Wild Boar Recovery Recoveries; Some Times It's Easy, Some Times It's Not! This time was textbook good. But The Duck's perfect shot helped.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Of Baroda Ltd:
* TO CONSIDER ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS TO GOVERNMENT OF INDIA WORTH UP TO 53.75 BILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2E9k670 Further company coverage:
Instagram will make its bookmarking feature more useful, the company announced this morning, with the introduction of “collections.” The new feature will allow users to organize the posts they save into private groupings for easier access. The addition may further challenge Pinterest, which also favors image bookmarking and the ability to save items to particular boards.
When Instagram first introduced its bookmarking tool in December, it was capitalizing on an already common behavior across its app – people were often saving photos others had posted. Instagram users would regularly come across posts they want to look back on later – whether a funny video or a great quote, an outfit they like and want to shop, vacation inspiration, a product they want to try, and more.
With bookmarking, you can privately save these posts to your profile so you can quickly get back to them later, instead of downloading the photos to your phone's Camera Roll where they can get lost.
Since Instagram introduced the bookmarking feature a few months ago, nearly half (46%) of users have saved at least one post, the company says.
With collections, the company now aims to make the feature more powerful.
To use collections, you'll tap and hold on the bookmark icon underneath any post to save it directly to a collection, Instagram explains. You can either create and name a new collection at this time or you can save the post to one you've already created.
If you've already been saving posts, you can now go back and create a collection with those saves. To do so, you'll tap in the “plus” icon in the top right corner of the screen, name the new collection, and then select the saved posts you'd like to add – similar to organizing photos into an album on your phone.
Once your collections have been created, you can get to them at any time from your profile. And like saved posts, collections are private – only you can see them.
The private nature of collections is the most significant difference between Instagram's approach bookmarking compared with Pinterest. Your saves on Instagram are meant only for you, while Pinterest encourages its users to create and share images and their organized boards with others as a means of seeding its social network with more content.
That said, Instagram's bookmarking feature still has a lot of overlap with Pinterest, as Instagram, too, is often a place people turn to for style tips, recipes, travel ideas, craft projects, inspirational quotes and other areas where Pinterest had made a name for itself.
The move comes shortly after another attack on Pinterest last week – but from Google, not Facebook. Google introduced its own fashion “style ideas” right in Image Search, along with an expanded selection of similar items when searching for apparel and accessories.
Instagram says collections are available on iOS and Android as part of the Instagram version 10.16 update in the Apple App Store and Google Play.
LONDON (Reuters) - Frenchman Kevin Mayer led throughout the day to win the world decathlon title on Saturday and fill the void left by Ashton Eaton's retirement -- although they nearly threw it all away on the pole vault.
German pair Rico Freimuth and Kai Kazmirek took silver and bronze while twice former world champion Trey Hardee was one of more than a dozen of the original 35 starters who dropped out over the course of the notoriously tough contest.
Olympic silver medallist Mayer led from the shot put on Friday morning and looked to be cruising to their first world gold until they decided to skip the opening pole vault heights and enter the fray at 5.10.
The move nearly proved disastrous as they missed their first two attempts, then grazed the bar on their third.
Despite an unnerving wobble, the bar stayed in place and Mayer avoided a zero score which would have wrecked their chances, instead increasing their lead over Rico
They comfortably came through the javelin and 1,500 metres, the final of the 10 events staged over two exhausting days, to see themselves safely home.
Mayer finished on 8,768 points with Freimuth, with 8,564 and Kai Kazmirek 8,488, taking the silver and bronze medals.
"I am so, so tired. I cannot even imagine I am the world champion," said Mayer. "The first day was perfect. I am so proud. This competition was so hard. I just wanted to finish it ... I was so anxious."
Hardee, fifth overnight, pulled out after a miserable morning in which they failed to pick up any points in the first two events.
They clattered into the third hurdle in the 110 metres hurdles, then produced three foul throws in the discus before calling it a day.
The event was left open by the retirement earlier this year of American Ashton Eaton, who had dominated recently, winning the last two Olympic and world titles.
Canadian Damian Warner, often seen as the man most likely to break Eaton's dominance, finished fifth.
All of us, at some point, must confront our mortality. So, too, must investors prepare for the demise of a bull market that began in the depths of the financial crisis in 2009.
Yes, predictions of the end of this record run have been made before — and have been proved wrong. The rally has so far seemed almost indestructible, thanks to stable economic growth and the Federal Reserve's easy-money policy.
But...
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Bank Alfalah senior management, including three Group Heads, Mehreen Ahmed (Group Head Retail Banking), Bilal Asghar (Group Head Corporate, Investment Banking & International Business), Syed Ali Sultan (Group Head Treasury, Capital Markets & Financial Institutions), along with other bank employees, visited the Korangi Association of Trade and Industry (KATI) to interact with members of the association, industrialists and business people.
Tariq Malik (President KATI) welcomed Bank Alfalah's representatives, and applauded the bank's outstanding performance, especially in reference to catering to the needs and requirements of the SME sector.
During the meeting, those attending discussed the bank's policy towards the SME Sector, special incentives for export enhancements and the future economic challenges.
Mehreen Ahmed, on behalf of Bank Alfalah President & CEO, Nauman Ansari, recorded their views in KATI's visitor-book. Bank Alfalah's Group Heads were presented with shields, while flowers were presented to others attending.
The 10-year, $25 million (U.S.) toxicological studies are the most comprehensive assessments to date of health effects and exposure to radio frequency radiation in rats and mice, according to the online notice from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, a unit of the National Institutes of Health, the U.S. medical research agency. The toxicology program is headquartered at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
Male rats developed heart tumours when exposed to high levels of a type of radiation used by the wireless telephone industry, according to the draft studies released Friday. Female rats and mice didn't get the same tumours, the studies showed. Results were posted online.
Washington—A comprehensive study of exposure to the radiation emitted by mobile phones found an increased risk of a rare tumour in some rodents, although the scientist in charge cautioned against drawing conclusions about the impact on humans.
“I haven't changed the way I use a cellphone,” Bucher said on a call with reporters.
The findings shouldn't be extrapolated to humans because the rats were exposed to higher levels of radiation than people take in, even with heavy mobile phone use, said John Bucher, a senior scientist with the National Toxicology Program. The rats received radiation over their entire bodies for nine hours a day for two years.
However, in an emailed release, Bucher said the tumours observed in the studies “are similar to tumours previously reported in some studies of frequent cellphone users.” Asked if that points toward hazard for humans, they said phone providers are “moving more and more toward lower power exposures to humans” as new generations of mobile service come become available.
Some studies have found limited evidence of an increased risk of cancer from mobile phone use, according to the online notice from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
And two years on, the heart tumours were “the only positive finding that we've been really able to have confidence in,” Bucher told reporters. “The reports don't go much further than what we have reported earlier.”
CTIA, the trade association for wireless carriers including AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc., said it follows expert guidance on health effects.
“International and U.S. organizations and health experts have maintained their long-standing conclusion that the scientific evidence shows no known health risk due to the RF energy emitted by cellphones,” said Justin Cole, a spokesperson for the trade group.
The National Toxicology Program's studies are to undergo peer review at a March meeting.
The study found an increased risk of cardiac schwannoma, a tumour type that typically originates from cells found in neurons. It's so unusual in the heart that doctors often write up their findings for medical journals when the tumours are found in cardiac tissue.
An unusual pattern of cardiomyopathy, a sign of an enlarged and damaged heart, was seen in both male and female rats, the study found.
Separately, the Federal Communications Commission in 2013 asked for comments on whether U.S. standards need to be updated to protect people from mobile-phone radiation, and it hasn't acted. The agency last reviewed standards in 1996, when fewer such phones were in use. Its guidelines set maximum radiation exposure levels based on the amount of heat emitted by mobile phones.
The reports, along with earlier research show that current limits for mobile phone radiation, “remain acceptable for protecting the public health,” Jeffrey Shuren, director of the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health, said in an emailed statement.
“We have not found sufficient evidence that there are adverse health effects in humans caused by exposures at or under the current radio frequency energy exposure limits,” Shuren said.
Poncho, the betaworks-backed weather service, has raised $2.4 million in seed funding led by Lightspeed Ventures.
Poncho launched out of betaworks the same year as Giphy and Dots, and uses SMS and email to bring the news to you in an entertaining way.
The premise is simple. Instead of having users seek out their own information via weather apps and being bombarded with numbers like temperature, precipitation percentages, and wind chill, users would simply receive a text message or an email with the need-to-know, laypeople's terms information in an entertaining fashion, complete with a GIF.
The service started out in New York and has since grown to offer news alerts to the whole world. But not without a few small bumps along the way.
In February of 2016, Poncho launched an alarm clock app to let you wake up to the weather. However, without native support on iOS, the introduction of Do Not Disturb threw a wrench in things, and Poncho's alarm clock has effectively been discontinued.
However, the company was featured on Apple's Planet of the Apps in July, leading to the investment from Lightspeed. The company also released an app in conjunction with the show.
The Poncho app focuses primarily on useful push notifications. Theoretically, you'd never have to hop into the Poncho app to get what you're looking for. The main type of content, obviously, is weather information. But eventually the app will bring in stuff like horoscopes and motivational content to give users a moment of zen as they begin their day.
“We're building a new backend that will enable AI-driven personalization for weather and content and offers,” said CEO Sam Mandel. “We see a much higher engagement rate when things are personalized and tailored to the user.”
Mandel says that Poncho sees is seeing seven-day retention (users coming back seven days in a row) in the 60 percent range.
There were few signs that a major blockbuster was about to premiere when “The Mummy” rolled into Manhattan last week. The marquee of the AMC Loews Lincoln Square Theatres had gone blank. The carpet was totally covered with black plastic. Security only let guests past barricades after quizzing them about what they were there to see, and everybody had to walk through two imposing metal detectors.
Inside the theater, Tom Cruise was jubilant, as they stood in front of the crowd. “Hey y'all,” said the 54-year-old actor. They introduced Alex Kurtzman, the film's director, as well as the cast members, who stood quietly as Cruise delivered a 10-minute improvised speech. “Movies aren't made by single people,” they said. “It's a team effort.”
But in the case of “The Mummy,” one person–Cruise–had an excessive amount of control, according to several people interviewed. The reboot of “The Mummy” was supposed to be the start of a mega-franchise for Universal Pictures. But instead, it's become a textbook case of a movie star run amok.
As Hollywood is playing the blame game on what went wrong on “The Mummy,” which had a measly domestic opening of just $32 million, many fingers are pointing to Cruise. In the same way that they commanded the stage at the film's premiere, leaving their cast standing awkwardly by their side, several sources close to the production say that Cruise exerted nearly complete creative oversight on “The Mummy,” essentially wearing all the hats and dictating even the smallest decisions on the set. On stage, Cruise admitted their own perfectionist tendencies. “I don't just make a movie. I give it everything I have and I expect it from everyone also.”
Universal, according to sources familiar with the matter, contractually guaranteed Cruise control of most aspects of the project, from script approval to post-production decisions. They also had a great deal of input on the film's marketing and release strategy, these sources said, advocating for a June debut in a prime summer period.
With terrible reviews, “The Mummy,” which insiders say cost as much as $190 million to make and more than $100 million more to market and release worldwide, may struggle to make its money back. The film is performing much stronger overseas, where it was Cruise's biggest international rollout with a $142 million opening weekend. It's not clear if the movie will break even, and it's cast a shadow on the studio's plans for a Dark Universe franchise that's supposed to feature A-list stars like Johnny Depp (as “The Invisible Man”) and Angelina Jolie (in negotiations for “The Bride of Frankenstein”).
A representative for Cruise didn't respond to a request for comment. In a statement, Universal refuted that Cruise had a negative influence on the production.
“Tom approaches every project with a level of commitment and dedication that is unmatched by most working in our business today,” the statement read. “He has been a true partner and creative collaborator, and their goal with any project they work on is to provide audiences with a truly cinematic moviegoing experience.”
Cruise's controlling behavior comes as Hollywood's star system is in tatters. In the 1990s and early aughts, studios shelled out big money for the likes of Mel Gibson, Julia Roberts, and Harrison Ford, confident that their names above the title could guarantee ticket sales. In exchange they were offered big perks, hefty salaries, and a sizable share of the profits. Along with the money came the power to veto key decisions. But as comic book movies and special effects-heavy productions took over, top actors found themselves in less demand and with less influence. Cruise has navigated the new landscape better than some–the “Mission: Impossible” franchise still makes money but other efforts such as “Oblivion” have disappointed. Going forward, they may have difficulty exerting the same kind of sway over other films.
It may be the last hurrah for big movie stars, but on the set of “The Mummy,” Cruise acted like the top gun they once are, calling all the shots. Kurtzman had been in the running to direct the project before Cruise signed on, but the actor gave their blessing for the filmmaker to slide behind the camera. They'd established a comfort level when Kurtzman worked as the screenwriter of “Mission: Impossible III.”
In the wake of “The Mummy's” failure, the decision to tap such an untested director on a sprawling action-adventure seems to have been foolhardy. Kurtzman wouldn't necessarily rank high on a studio's wish list for a project this big, given that he's a producer and writer who only helmed one small feature that debuted to mixed reviews (2012's Chris Pine drama “People Like Us”). As Kurtzman struggled to adjust to scope of the project, it felt more like Cruise was the real director, often dictating the major action sequences and micro-managing the production, according to sources.
There were other ways that “The Mummy” was transformed from a scary summer popcorn movie into a standard-issue Tom Cruise vehicle. The actor personally commissioned two other writers along with McQuarrie to crank out a new script. Two of the film's three credited screenwriters, McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman, an actor-writer who played small roles in “The Mummy” and “Jack Reacher,” were close allies of Cruise's. The script envisioned Nick Morton as an earnest Tom Cruise archetype, who is laughably described as a “young man” at one point.
Their writers beefed up their part. In the original script, Morton and the Mummy (played by Sofia Boutella) had nearly equal screen time. The writers also added a twist that saw Cruise's character become possessed, to give them more of a dramatic arc. Even though Universal executives weren't thrilled about the story — which feels disjointed and includes the strange plot twist of Russell Crowe as Dr. Jekyl — they went along with Cruise's vision.
And the crew fell in line too, behind Cruise as the boss. “This is very much a film of two halves: before Tom and after Tom,” said Frank Walsh, the supervising art director, at a London screening of “The Mummy” this week. “I have heard the stories about how they drive everything and pushes and pushes, but it was amazing to work with him. The guy is a great filmmaker and knows their craft. They will walk onto a set and tell the director what to do, say ‘that's not the right lens,' ask about the sets, and as long as you don't fluff what you're saying to them … he's easy to work for.”
Once the film was done, Cruise brought in their longtime editor Andrew Mondshein to piece together the final picture. (The film's credits also list Gina and Paul Hirsch as editors.) They spent time in the editing suite overseeing the cutting, which everybody agreed wasn't working. On the lot, there were differences of opinions about whether Cruise's directions were improving a picture that had been troubled from its inception or whether they were turning a horror film into a Cruise infomercial. Some believed that Cruise had no choice but to assert himself. Given Kurtzman's inexperience directing tentpoles, Cruise, who has carried heavily choreographed action movies all their life, had to try to rally the troops or risk having the production fall behind schedule.
Universal knew that if it wanted “The Mummy” to compete against the likes of “Wonder Woman” and “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” it needed every ounce of Cruise's waning star power. As the studio scrambled to deal with weak tracking, it released a portrait in late May of Cruise with other actors from the Dark Universe franchise, including Depp and Javier Bardem (who will play Frankenstein). Yet the studio couldn't even assemble all the actors in the room at the same time, and the image had to be Photoshopped. The Internet reaction to the last-ditch marketing effort was tepid at best. It was another reminder that the big names that once ruled Hollywood are inspiring a lot less love from audiences.
The reviews may have been brutal, but at the premiere Cruise seemed pleased, complimenting everyone involved and portraying the finished film as a team effort. “Jake! Jake!” they shouted at one of their co-stars Jake Johnson. “It was awesome working with you, Jake!”
Justin Kroll and Stewart Clarke contributed to this report.
Ribble Valley Borough Council has taken the next step in its bid to become dementia-friendly.
The council's health and housing committee has set up a working group to look at how the borough can work towards official dementia-friendly status.
The council has spearheaded a number of dementia-friendly initiatives in recent years and wants to become one of only a handful of official dementia-friendly boroughs and councils in the UK.
Bridget Hilton, chairperson of the council's health and housing committee, said: “We have made significant progress in promoting community awareness of and support for people with dementia.
“The Alzheimer's Society has outlined a number of key steps that need to be addressed in order to become officially recognised as a dementia-friendly community, some of which are either already in place, or can be addressed through existing partnerships.
“We will be looking at what steps we need to take to progress towards formal recognition, which may include staff training, access and building layouts, and dementia-friendly signage.”
Ribble Valley Borough Council leader Ken Hind added: ''The council has taken the lead in dementia issues for several years as a partner of the Ribble Valley Dementia Action Alliance.
“I am delighted that the alliance has recently secured recognition from the Alzheimer's Society as the borough's principal community group on dementia issues and we look forward to working closely with the alliance, and other community partners, to improve the quality of life of dementia sufferers and their families.''
Ribble Valley Borough Council has been working with businesses, community groups and public and private sector organisations to establish the area as a hub of dementia-friendliness for several years.
The council has hosted dementia awareness sessions, developed a network of ‘dementia friends' able to assist people with the condition and trained its reception staff in dementia awareness.
Bridget Hilton, during their mayoralty in 2015, also unveiled East Lancashire's first "memory bench" featuring soothing colours, calming words and surrounded by sensory plants noted for their aromatic and tactile properties outside the Ribble Valley Borough Council offices in Clitheroe.
Further memory benches have subsequently been placed in Waddington, Clitheroe Market and Castlegate, Clitheroe.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Taylor will be reunited with Chelsea at Wembley as they take on Tottenham on Sunday.
It was the same referee who sent off Victor Moses in May as the Blues were denied a double by Arsenal in the FA Cup final, Football.London reminds us.
Moses got a second yellow card for simulation after going down in the box in the defeat to the Gunners.
This was the first of four red cards in the last three competitive matches for Antonio Conte's side.
Both teams come into the match in vastly different form, with Spurs breezing past Newcastle 2-0 yesterday and the Blues suffering a dismal 3-2 loss at home to Burnley.
Here are the full referee appointments for this weekend.
Saturday 19 August
12.30pm - Swansea City v Manchester United (Sky Sports)
Referee: Jon Moss
Assistants: E Smart, A Halliday
Fourth official: M Jones
3pm - AFC Bournemouth v Watford
Referee: Roger East
Assistants: M Scholes, S Massey-Ellis
Fourth official: C Kavanagh
3pm - Burnley v West Bromwich Albion
Referee: Martin Atkinson
Assistants: P Kirkup, S Child
Fourth official: C Kavanagh
(Image: Rex Features)
3pm - Leicester City v Brighton & Hove Albion
Referee: Lee Probert
Assistants: A Garratt, D Cook
Fourth official: C Pawson
3pm - Liverpool v Crystal Palace
Referee: K Friend
Assistants: A Holmes, H Lennard
Fourth official: M Dean
3pm - Southampton v West Ham United
Referee: Lee Mason
Assistants: C Hatzidakis, M Wilkes
Fourth official: N Swarbrick
5.30pm - Stoke City v Arsenal (BT Sport)
Referee: Andre Marriner
Assistants: S Beck, S Ledger
Fourth official: R Madley
Sunday 20 August
1.30pm - Huddersfield Town v Newcastle United (Sky Sports)
Referee: Craig Pawson
Assistants: S Bennett, R West
Fourth official: C Kavanagh
4pm - Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea (Sky Sports)
Referee: Anthony Taylor
Assistants: G Beswick, A Nunn
Fourth official: M Dean
Monday 21 August
8pm - Manchester City v Everton (Sky Sports)
Referee: Bobby Madley
Assistants: M Perry, L Betts
Fourth official: M Oliver
Rohde was the chief executive of Lew Geffen Sotheby's International Realty and stands accused of murdering Susan during the company's annual conference which was held at the estate.
According to the state in 2016 Susan found out that Rohde was having an affair with an estate agent. They insisted on going along to the conference which was also attended by their mistress.
A fight broke out between the couple and the state claims Rohde beat Susan up. They sustained broken ribs‚ abrasions‚ and they swallowed significant amounts of their own blood as a result.
The defence claims they fell and bruised their lungs and ribs on a small garden wall. The bruises on their face were sustained because Rohde accidentally hit them during an altercation.
Holmes‚ who flew in from Australia on Saturday to attend the trial‚ said that after the call they and their partner‚ Anthony‚ flew from Melbourne to attend a family meeting at Rohde's family home in Bryanston on July 29.
“Jason initiated the meeting. They shared with us the further discussion they had with the police and that they were under investigation. They shared with us that they had an affair. They shared with us how sorry they are. They shared with us the altercation at Spier‚ and that they never laid a hand on her‚” said Holmes.
They said that Jason told them that they were “puzzled” about why Susan would have committed suicide.
“I got quite vocal and I was distraught‚” they said‚ fixing their gaze on Rohde sitting on the other side of the court.
“And I can remember this like yesterday‚ I said: 'How could you take them to the lion's den if she's so fragile?'" they said‚ raising their voice and still looking at Rohde.
“He said to me: ‘I'm the CEO! I'm the CEO!' and I was like‚ ‘So?'”
Holmes said that Susan was passionate and had a temper and that they would “never give up” after finding out that Rohde had an affair‚ adding that they would want to know why they wanted to go to the conference alone.
Earlier on Monday the court finished with the cross-examination of Desmond Daniels‚ the handyman who opened the locked bathroom door behind which Susan's body was discovered. It is claimed that they used a hair iron cord to hang herself.
They were tight lipped throughout defence advocate Graeme van der Spuy's cross-examination of their affidavit. Daniels claimed that Rohde had changed the position of the cord after they left the scene.
Daniels said that Rohde asked them to get the chord off their neck as soon as they opened the bathroom door and found the body. They said that there were no knots and that the chord was easy to remove.
The case continues on Tuesday next week.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Android Central and LG are partnering to give away tickets to a special NYFF event!
Are you interested in the future of film and content creation? Want to attend a special event at the New York Film Festival showcasing video shorts shot on the LG V30? If you live in or near New York City and that sounds like you, keep reading for your shot at winning two passes to attend!
LG Mobile has a big event coming up at the New York Film Festival on Friday, October 13. As a premier sponsor of the New York Film Festival, LG is hosting an exclusive evening of cocktails, food, and film screenings at the Lincoln Center, brought to you by the LG V30, THE phone for video. They've selected videographers to create inspiring video shorts, shot on the LG V30, and will be screening them for the first time that evening! There will also be a keynote panel discussing the future of film and content creation.
The evening will consist of:
7:30pm to 9pm: Cocktail Reception at Walter Reade Theater's Furman Gallery
9pm to 10pm: Screening & Keynote panel at Howard Gilman Theater Film screenings
LG has given us a pair of tickets to this event to pass on to our readers! The ideal winner would live in or near NYC as they will not be provided with transportation or other accommodations. As there will be alcohol at the event, the winner will also need to be over 21 years of age on or before October 13.
If you are interested in attending and meet that criteria, leave a comment on this blog post with your favorite movie quote (and the movie it's from), and tell us why you'd like to attend!
We will pick the winner Wednesday, October 11 and announce the results on this post.
Good luck!
With over 60 percent of the votes counted so far in Mexico's general elections on Sunday, the Morena party and the Together We Will Make History coalition are slated to gain an absolute majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and Senate giving freshly elected president Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, or AMLO, ample legislative support when they enter office next December.
According to political scientist Javier Marquez at the Center for Economic Investigations (CIDE), Morena and the Together We Will Make History coalition Morena won 193 seats and the coalition partner, the Workers' Party (PT) took another 54 deputies in the house. The conservative Social Encounter Party (PES) that also forms a part of the coalition won 58, giving the coalition a combined 312 seats out of the house's 500.
In the Senate, Morena is set to gain 55 of 128 seats. The PT won six and PES, eight. This makes a coalition total of 69 – an absolute majority in the Senate as well, as wasprojected. In all, Morena candidates won 91 percent of all congressional districts.
The centrist National Action Party (PAN) will have 79 house deputies and the current ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party – PRI – went from 204 to 42 seats in the house, according to Marquez and the National Electoral Institute. The remainder of the seats will be occupied by the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) and smaller parties.
In the Senate, PAN won 23 seats, PRI 12, and the PRD, nine.
AMLO's Morena party also swept the local elections. The party took 80.2 percent of municipal polls, while PAN had a sorry turn out of 11.5 percent and the PRI, 8.2 percent of local votes.
In their acceptance speech on Sunday night, Lopez Obrador called on Mexicans to put aside personal interests in politics and make the public interest priority.
*
Featured image is from The San Diego Union-Tribune.
Ariana Grande will be the first person to receive honorary citizenship of Manchester, in recognition of their “great many selfless acts and demonstrations of community spirit” following the May 22 terror attack on the city.
The honor is part of a new proposed system that would recognize those who have contributed greatly to the city and grant citizenship to those from outside Greater Manchester.
“This seems a fitting moment to update the way we recognize those who make noteworthy contributions to the life and success of our city,” said Manchester city council leader Sir Richard Leese, reports the BBC.
“We've all had cause to be incredibly proud of Manchester and the resilient and compassionate way in which the city, and all those associated with it, have responded to the terrible events of 22 May, with love and courage rather than hatred and fear,” they added. “Ariana Grande exemplified this response. I think many people would already consider them an honorary Mancunian and we would be delighted, if the council approves the proposal, to make it official.”
On June 4, just 13 days after the May 22 terror attack that killed 22 people at Manchester Arena during Grande's concert, the pop star returned to the city to stage the One Love Manchester concert. The show saw Grande team with Miley Cyrus and Black Eyed Peas, and perform an emotional rendition of “Somewhere Over the Rainbow.“
One Love Manchester raised $2.6 million in donations for a special fund to help victims of the terrorist attack. Grande also visited fans in the hospital prior to the concert.
BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany's Social Democrats (SPD) said on Friday there was no time pressure in negotiations with Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives on forming a coalition, suggesting talks will run beyond an initial deadline of Sunday night.
“In a few minutes we will begin the final round of negotiations on forming a new government,” Martin Schulz said as they arrived for talks, adding that labour rights and healthcare policy continued to be sticking points in the negotiations.
They said solid progress had been made in talks and that they assumed the talks would be successful “for our country”.
ISLAMABAD :National Accountability Bureau (NAB) Tuesday approved reference against former Naib Tehsildar, Muhammad Ramzan and others for allegedly causing Rs 19.833 million loss to national exchequer. The other accused are former Revenue Patwari, Rab Nawaz Khan, Saqib Taj Din and Muhammad Zain ul Abidin. As per details, the accused Muhammad Ramzan, former Naib Tehsildar, Rawalpindi in connivance with Rab Nawaz Patwari transferred/mutated land owned by Provincial government in Khasra No 438, measuring three kanal six marlas one sarsai vide mutation no. 8589 in name of private person namely co-accused Taj Din on basis of bogus and fake documents.
Orignally published by APP
Send this to a friend
Hi! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: Griffith to attend WC, play basketball for Quakers. Here is a link to that story: http://www.wnewsj.com/sports/local-sports-1/70041/griffith-to-attend-wc-play-basketball-for-quakers
While the Northants Bowling Federation's Adams team saw their southern section title hopes nosedive with a crushing home defeat by Suffolk at the weekend, the Newton squad strengthened their hand with victory over opposition from the same county.
With two wins out of two, and just two to play, they are in a strong position to qualify for the final for the first time since 1991, although Saturday's visit to Lincolnshire is set to provide a searching examination of their title credentials.
After taking command in the early stages at the City of Peterborough club, the Newton team held only a slender ten shot lead overall at one stage before pulling away late on to win 177-153 and collect 19 of the 22 points on offer.
The experienced combination of Fred Addy, Tony Kemp and Barry Lawrence led the surge with a 34-24 win to claim the rink honours.
Paul Buckley's rink, which included captain Cliff Watson, replacing the injured Graham Jackson, and their Peterborough & District colleague Jeff Clipston, added 10 shots to win by seven and Roger Martin's trio claimed nine shots over the closing ends.
Mick Duell's rink looked set to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, but the Suffolk skip with their last bowl rolled in for a second shot to force a draw.
At Whittlesey Manor, there was little cheer for home supporters as Suffolk led from the start in the Adams Trophy clash and never looked in any danger as they stormed to a 186-153 victory, leaving Northants with just two points to show for their efforts achieved by the rink of John Holroyd, Tony Belson and Graham Agger with a 37-18 win.
RESULTS
ADAMS TROPHY
Northants 153 (2), Suffolk 186 (20): (Northants rinks only) –
Roger Stevens, Tony Mace, Rod Maplethorpe lost 19-29; Adam Warrington, Martyn Dolby, Jon Earl lost 26-30; Wayne Morris, Paul Bailey, Lee Welsford lost 22-35; John Holroyd, Tony Belson, Graham Agger won 37-18; Jack Corney, Dick Noble, Martin Welsford lost 24-37; Steve Lander, Steve Roden, Peter Brown lost 25-35.
NEWTON TROPHY
Northants 177 (19), Suffolk 153 (3): (Northants rinks only) –
Jeff Clipston, Cliff Watson, Paul Buckley won 30-23; Jim Ruddy, Mick Greaves, Brian Bassam lost 22-31; Peter Cox, Michael Humphreys, Roger Martin won 26-24; Fred Addy, Tony Kemp, Barry Lawrence won 34-24; Les Sharp, Malcolm Squires, Mick Duell drew 26-26; Darren Middleton, Bob Warters, Peter Jessop won 29-23.
n Northants women, who were in home action against North Cambs yesterday – only the Donald Steward team WERE playing – continue a sequence of three consecutive home matches by entertaining North Essex at Whittlesey Manor (Steward) and City of Peterborough (Vase) next Wednesday (June 21) starting at 1pm.
Frankie Shaw's auteur Showtime series “SMILF” was a standout in television comedy categories as the 75th Annual Golden Globe Award nominations were announced Monday.
The premium cable comedy, which premiered in November and renewed just a few weeks later, was nominated for best television series, musical comedy; creator and star Frankie Shaw was also nominated for actor in a musical or comedy series.
In the series category, “SMILF” — about a single mother, played by Shaw, living in South Boston — was nominated alongside ABC's “Black-ish,” Netflix's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” Netflix's “Master of None,” and NBC's “Will & Grace.” Shaw was nominated alongside Pamela Adlon of FX's “Better Things,” Alison Brie of Netflix's “Glow,” Rachel Brosnahan of Netflix's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” and Issa Rae of HBO's “Insecure.”
Named one of Variety‘s 10 TV Writers to Watch earlier this year, Shaw says they initially started writing in order to “hang out” with their husband, who used to write for a feature animation company.
“He would be writing at their desk and they made me a little desk at their company, which is when I started writing. So the first draft [of ‘SMILF'] was all the way back then. It's just wild to think about now having it out in the public and having it be recognized in this way. It's unbelievable,” they explain.
Related Golden Globe Nominations: Complete List
“SMILF” started as a short film that won the Grand Jury prize at Sundance before being adapted for an ongoing series and bought by Showtime.
“I think that we're in this era of auteur TV and filmmaking. It's hard to talk about in terms of women and TV. It's an evolving process constantly,” Shaw continues. “We had only women directors on our show and I will continue that on Season 2.”
“SMILF” was renewed for a second season last month. Season 1, which premiered Nov. 5, averaged 4.4 million viewers per week across multiple platforms. Executive producing alongside Shaw are Michael London, Lee Eisenberg and Scott King. The series is produced by ABC Signature Studios as a co-production with Showtime.
“SMILF” delivers two of Showtime's five Golden Globe nominations this year (“Twin Peaks,” “Ray Donovan,” and “Shameless” each also delivered one each in acting categories). Showtime last pulled out a Golden Globe series win in 2015 with drama “The Affair.” “SMILF” could mark a first time series win in comedy for the premium cabler, whose last nomination in that category was in 2013 the Matt LeBlanc-starrer “Episodes.”
While the premium cabler used to rival HBO in numbers and critical acclaim, long-running series such as “Homeland” have not been garnering that same attention as they once did, with many newer offerings (including “SMILF's” time slot follower “White Famous”) failing to break big. Instead, streaming services are dominating, but these nods for “SMILF” provide a strong chance at climbing back to the top.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Broken main fixed in Carbondale
CARBONDALE — A water main on Clidco Drive broke around 5:30 a.m. and affected multiple customers, including businesses in the nearby industrial park, officials said.
Work on a broken 12-inch Carbondale water main was completed at about 5:30 p.m., returning service to the remaining customers, Pennsylvania American Water spokesperson Susan Turcmanovich said.
— STAFF REPORT
In today's film news roundup, Miranda Bailey's vaccine documentary “The Pathological Optimist” gets distribution and Lionsgate teams with Roadside Attractions to pick up faith-based drama “I Can Only Imagine.”
ACQUISITIONS
The Film Arcade and Gravitas Ventures have acquired rights to Miranda Bailey's documentary “The Pathological Optimist,” centered on anti-vaccination crusader Dr. Andrew Wakefield.
The film will be released theatrically by the Film Arcade on Sept. 29 followed by a VOD release via Gravitas later this year.
The film is a character study of Wakefield, one of 13 co-authors of a 1998 paper in the U.K. medical journal the Lancet. That paper claimed that there was a link between the administration of the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine, and the appearance of autism and bowel disease. Wakefield was accused of professional misconduct and falsifying information in that study, and the Lancet retracted the piece in 2010 and the United Kingdom's General Medical Council revoked Wakefield's medical license.
Wakefield allowed Bailey and their team to follow them and their family for five years beginning in 2011 as they fought a defamation battle in the courts against the British Medical Journal and journalist Brian Deer.
“The Pathological Optimist” was executive produced by Jennifer Fox. The deal was brokered by Josh Spector on behalf of Gravitas Ventures and by attorney Greg S. Bernstein on behalf of the Film Arcade.
*********************
Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions have acquired rights to Jon and Andrew Erwin's faith-based drama “I Can Only Imagine,” and set a North American release for March 16.
The film stars Dennis Quaid, Cloris Leachman, country music singer Trace Adkins, author and actor Priscilla Shirer, Madeline Carroll, and Broadway actor J. Michael Finley. It centers on the song “I Can Only Imagine,” written by Bart Millard, lead singer of the Christian band MercyMe.
“I Can Only Imagine” was produced by Kevin Downes, Cindy Bond, and Daryl Lefever. Travis Mann, Scott Brickell, and Simon Swart serve as executive producers.
Quaid is represented by WME, Leachman is represented by Innovative Artists, CAA represents Adkins, and Finley is represented by Abrams Artists Agency. Carroll is represented by Untitled Entertainment and Shirer is represented by Going Beyond Ministries. MercyMe is signed to Fair Trade Records.
The deal was negotiated for Lionsgate by Constantine, Eda Kowan, and Lauren Freeman. Cohen negotiated the deal on behalf of Roadside Attractions. Kevin Downes negotiated the deal for the producers along with Thomas Vidal of Pryor Cashman LLP.
PROMOTIONS
Lyft is expanding its partnership with former Vice President Al Gore, Participant Media, and Paramount Pictures to promote “An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power,” offering 20% off Lyft Line ride.
The promotion started last week for moviegoers in San Francisco and Los Angeles. The offer is available in those cities as well as Boston, Washington D.C., Miami, San Diego, and Seattle.
This sequel to Gore's film, “An Inconvenient Truth,” highlights how the dangers of climate change have never been greater — but can be overcome with human ingenuity.
COMPANY ACQUISITION
MarketCast has acquired Fizziology, a social insights and analytics company in the media and entertainment space, for an undisclosed price.
Fizziology specializes in converting the opinions shared on social media platforms (including Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Sina Weibo, and more) into contextualized data and strategic insights for marketers and creators. MarketCast works in collaboration with clients across the entertainment spectrum to test and optimize their content, marketing, and distribution strategies, worldwide.
Fizziology is bringing its software development team – the Able Few – in-house. Investment bank JEGI served as financial adviser to MarketCast, and Ropes & Gray LLP served as legal counsel to MarketCast.
AWARDS SEASON
The Writers Guild of America has announced the submission period is now open for the 2018 WGA Documentary Screenplay Award.
Submissions will be accepted from Aug. 14 through Nov. 17, 2017.
Theatrical documentaries must have been written under the WGA's Minimum Basic Agreement or under a bona fide collective bargaining agreement of the Writers Guild of Canada, Writers' Guild of Great Britain, Writers' Guild of Ireland, Writers' Guild of South Africa, New Zealand Writers Guild, Film Writers' Association (India), La Guilde Francaise des Scénaristes (France), Scriptwriters Guild of Israel, the Société des Auteurs de Radio, Télévision et Cinéma (Québec) or Verband Deutscher Drehbuchautoren (VDD/Germany).
Documentaries must contain an on-screen writing credit and have been exhibited theatrically in Los Angeles or New York for at least one week during 2017. Scripts must be feature length (more than 40 minutes).
Documentaries that received their first public exhibition via broadcast or cable television are not eligible for Writers Guild Awards consideration. Foreign-language films are eligible, provided they feature English-language subtitles.
In Effort To Court Drivers, Lyft Offering Education Discounts
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft
Lyft is unveiling a new education program for drivers, offering access to discounted GED and college courses online. The move is an interesting experiment in the gig economy, where a growing class of workers receive zero benefits from a boss and yet competition for their time is fierce.
Many Lyft drivers see their work for the company as a stopgap measure, a flexible way to make money while they try to build a career.
Shanae Watkins, a driver based in Baltimore, would like to become a social worker.  They are currently working on their bachelor's in psychology through online classes. "It's better that way with my kids," they say. "I can drive or study while still being present at home when they need me."
Watkins drives for Uber, Lyft, GrubHub and Amazon Flex and, they say, they do not have loyalty to any specific gig company.
"I turn on the apps and see where the demand is," they say. But, they say, if one of them offered help with the cost of school, that could move them to shift them loyalties.
That is the bet that Lyft is making in this new pilot program with Guild Education. The Denver-based startup connects workers to courses provided by nonprofit online schools.
Lyft drivers will receive tuition discounts ranging from 5 percent to 20 percent and, according to the company, the average driver working with Guild to earn a degree can save up to $4,220 per year.
Drivers can take English as a second language and GED courses, as well as earn an associates, bachelor's or master's degree online in subjects including IT, nursing, social work, occupational therapy and business.
Lyft would not disclose how much the program will cost the company. According to a Lyft survey of drivers to be published next month, 47 percent do not have a college degree.
Gabe Cohen, general manager for Lyft in Denver, says internal surveys show that drivers want to earn degrees. This move serves that goal, as well as the startup's business interests.
"It is important that drivers feel loyalty to Lyft," Cohen says.
There is fierce competition for drivers in the ride-hailing industry. Companies pour money into marketing budgets, placing ads on billboards and popular radio stations in an effort to recruit.
This new education benefit could be a more effective tool and even prompt the largest ride-hailing company, Uber, to do the same. In response to pressure from drivers who pointed out that Lyft offered in-app tipping, Uber started offering the feature this summer.
To qualify, a driver must have completed 10 rides for Lyft in the current or previous quarter, and then 10 rides per month.
"It is a low bar," says Zoe Weintraub, who directs sales and corporate partnerships at Guild.
Turnover among the hourly workforce is notoriously high. Lyft is the first company in the gig economy to offer these education benefits to its drivers.
Guild's other clients include the fast-food chain Chipotle which, Weintraub says, has seen a clear benefit to retention: 98 percent of the employees who enrolled in its education programs stayed with the company over a 90-day period.
David Weil, dean at Brandeis University's Heller School of Social Policy and Management, is not impressed. Weil, who was in charge of investigating companies that misclassify workers under the Obama administration, describes the move by Lyft as strategic, but not generous.
Lyft and Uber are fighting in courts against claims that drivers are employees entitled to benefits like paid sick leave and health care.
"The ride-hailing companies can't erase the fact that their business models are having drivers do all sorts of things an employee would do," Weil says. To offer training is "really nice" but it doesn't mean Lyft should "be rewarded by having the other responsibilities removed," they say.
Lyft audited the pilot program to assess if it exposes the company to new legal claims that workers are employees, not independent contractors. A spokesperson says in-house lawyers determined it does not because only benefits that serve as compensation — such as paying a health care premium or matching a 401(k) — could put the "independent contractor" status in jeopardy.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many of us are guilty of letting food sit in our fridges or cupboards as their best-before date passes.
We throw out food we have hardly touched, sometimes not at all, wasting a fair chunk of money from our monthly pay-packet.
But there are some changes that could be made to cut down on this food waste, as reported in the Liverpool Echo.
It all starts in the fridge, and while they are often the first place we think of when trying to keep things fresh or pro-long their ‘best-before quality' there are a lot of food items which you should never put there if you want them to last.
Financial guru, Martin Lewis's website Money Saving Expert, has looked at how food should be stored to make them last the longest - even if they are past their 'best before dates'.
Food Standards Agency said: "Best before' date – which concerns food quality and not food safety – should be safe to eat after the stated date, although it may not be at its best quality.
"Consumers can use sensory cues to determine whether the food is suitable to eat, be that looking for visible mould on bread, tasting to see if biscuits or crisps are stale, or smelling some dairy products (with ‘best before' dates) to see if they have soured."
So what should you be keeping out of the fridge?
* Potatoes keep best in cool, dry places in their original packaging and away from direct sunlight.
* Bananas should never go in the fridge and should be stored in a cool, dry place in their original bag.
* Onions keep best in cool, dry places in their original packaging and away from direct sunlight.
* Bread should never go in the fridge and should be stored in a cool, dry place in the packaging, which should be resealed to keep it as fresh as possible.
And what definitely needs to go in the fridge?
* Eggs need to stay in their box and in the fridge.
* Apples and oranges and most others fruit and veg keep longer in the fridge.
* Tomatoes also keep longer in the fridge in their original packaging.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): A Fort Wayne man is lucky to be alive after being buried alive Monday afternoon.
The Fort Wayne Fire Department says the man was digging a trench on Fox Mill Run near Timber Wheel Court at about 2:20pm when it collapsed on him, burying their head in about three feet of dirt.
The News-Sentinel reports that since it was mostly clay, and dry, they still had access to air, and was able to last the 50 minutes it took firefighters to shore up the trench and dig them out.
They were taken to a local hospital for obvservation.
3 Arrested on After Drugs And Weapons Found in Lexington Co. Home
LEXINGTON COUNTY, SC (WOLO)- Three people have been arrested on drug and weapon charges on Monday.
Michelle Eisinger, 42, is charged with possessing and trafficking illegal drugs. Jason Rivers Jr., 30, is charged with illegally possessing a firearm and failing to register as a sex offender. Kevin Vinson Jr., 36, is charged with illegally possessing drugs and a firearm.
Lexington County narcotics agents arrested the three suspects after executing a search warrant at a Lexington home.
While serving the warrant investigators spotted Vinson inside a vehicle with illegal narcotics in plain view, according to Lexington County Sheriff Jay Koon. Investigators also found a weapon in the car before searching the house, where they say more drugs and weapons were found.
Deputies found Xanax, Ativan, Klonopin, marijuana, methamphetamine, drug paraphernalia and a handgun inside the home during the search, according to Koon.
“This house contained a lot of drugs that could have also been distributed to more people if our deputies hadn't intervened,” Koon said. “We're glad to get these drugs off the streets.”
Eisinger and Rivers are being held in the Lexington County Detention Center. Vinson has been released after posting bail.
"Shit happens," is how they put it. It happens with disturbing randomness.
But the narrative of the Creator incarnating into human form shows that God understands the human condition intimately. And that narrative, if true, is a game-changer. It creates a way to find meaning and purpose, and a way through suffering. In this, genuine thanksgiving is possible.
"So let's keep our questions open," they said. Because if we ask the wrong questions with the wrong tools (How far is it to the colour yellow? Or, how heavy is one hour?) then we won't get satisfying answers.
The atheist wondered aloud why God would become a human to sacrifice themselves at the hands of themselves to save humans from himself.
And so it went. Back and forth.
"We're running out of time to solve this God thing," said the moderator, and before we knew it everyone was eating sandwiches, then leaving, the lost and found, both, finding their way home in the darkness, carrying their thoughts with them.
The entire affair was civil and respectful in fashion showing what a Canadian university can be in its best moments. It was the U of T's theological school, Wycliffe College, that brought in the pair: Michael Shermer, the American academic and editor-in-chief of Skeptic Magazine, and Alister McGrath, the Christian humanist from Oxford University.
If only we'd experience more of such open dialogue, regardless of shade of faith, or lack of. (Because doesn't life, like art, if it's art worth anything, need both light and shadow?)
It was Kierkegaard who said that no person has the right to delude another into the belief that faith is something of no great significance, that it's an easy matter, when, in truth, it's among the greatest and most difficult things in life.
And Sartre said both believer and doubter need to take their dark and searing vision into account, otherwise either or both will be left frail and shallow.
Thanksgiving, it seems to me, is a suitable time to consider these truths, maybe the most suitable time.
Amid politically correct fears so common in Canadian universities, I imagine that enough thinking young people would be especially thankful. Thankful for refreshing and safe spaces where they can listen and speak honestly in their own language.
And maybe even feel the wind.
Find Thomas Froese at thomasfroese.com
Country music star Shania Twain, Michael Madsen, and Kevin Dunn have joined the cast of John Travolta's racing movie “Trading Paint.”
Principal photography launched this week in Alabama with shooting scheduled through mid-September at several Alabama locations. Toby Sebastian (“Game of Thrones”) will also co-star.
Karzan Kader, director of Tyler Perry and Doug Liman's upcoming “The Year of the Great Storm,” is helming “Trading Paint” from a script by Craig Welch and Gary Gerani. Travolta portrays a down-and-out dirt track racing legend who is drawn back into the winner's circle after their son, an aspiring driver, joins a competitor's racing team, and incites an intense and dangerous competition between father and son.
Ambi Pictures and Paradox Studios are fully financing and producing the film. The producers are Andrea Iervolino, Monika Bacardi, Silvio Muraglia, and Alexandra Klim. AMBI Distribution is handling worldwide sales for the film.
Iervolino said, “It's well-known that dirt track racing is one of the most exciting sports in the world, and it's also one of the most dangerous. Our story is rooted in that high-speed danger, but also very much character driven, and this is where having someone of John's caliber and gravitas pays great dividends.”
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 4:31 am |
A construction site in Bnei Brak. (Yaakov Naumi/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - There are now two High Court lawsuits seeking to strike down the “third apartment tax,” which officially went into effect Sunday. After opposition parties last week filed a petition seeking to halt the tax, an additional lawsuit was filed by investors and builders, who claim that the law interferes with the freedom to invest and do business, a Basic Law guarantee. In lieu of a constitution, Basic Laws are considered the standard which legislation must meet, and the lawsuit charges that the tax violates the Basic Law regarding freedom of commerce.
Among the petitioners are many who are “victims” of the law, the “land barons” who own more than two homes. Except that these “barons” are largely middle class people who invested in real estate because they were able to get homes at a good price, or as an alternative to banks or the stock market. According to the petitioners, they are being punished retroactively for investment decisions they made legally, and perhaps were even encouraged to make. In essence, the law is causing them to lose out on what they had planned as their retirement fund – a brutal blow to middle class Israelis, the petition said.
“The result of the lawmakers' forcing tens of thousands of Israelis into a corner, based on the fact that they own property that they legally acquired, and thus forcing them to sell their property in order to avoid the tax, is unfair and an unfit practice in a democratic country, which is supposed to defend its citizens,” the petitioners said.
Last week, opposition parties filed a petition with the High Court demanding that the law be rescinded as violating Basic Laws, the Israeli version of a constitution. “The legislation of this law was conducted in a bullying and intimidating manner, and this cannot be the source of a law in this country,” said MK Miki Rosenthal (Zionist Camp), one of the MKs who filed the petition. “We cannot allow the standing of the Knesset and the democratic process to be compromised in the manner that occurred in the passage of this law. The legislation process of this law occurred in an illegal manner, with MKs not even able to study the law in advance.”
It will be recalled that the third apartment tax was pushed through in a marathon all-night session two weeks ago, with a vote to approve it conducted in the early morning hours. MK Rabbi Moshe Gafni, chairperson of the Knesset Finance Committee which gave its final approval to the law, said that despite their own misgivings about it, they were not planning to repeat the experience and conduct new hearings about the bill. The measure was attached to the Arrangements Law, which was approved along with the state budget.
The petitioners, led by Rosenthal, stated in the petition that they did not necessarily oppose the law itself, but rather the problematic way in which it was pushed through. “The method by which this law was passed was extreme in that the basic methods of dealing with legislation were ignored, including the principle of full participation by all MKs in the legislative process.”
The tax, which is part of the Arrangements Law that accompanies the state budget, will kick in on January 1st. Under the law, landlords will pay a 1 percent tax a month on the assessed value of each home or apartment they own, beginning with the third property, up to a limit of NIS 1,500 per month, a total of NIS 18,000 a year. As the average value of homes in most cities is more than NIS 1.5 million, it is expected that most of the Israelis who will have to pay the tax will pay the full amount. The rule is expected to affect 50,000 people, who own a total of 180,000 homes. The value of the home will be determined by a government-certified assessor, based on home value data supplied by the Central Bureau of Statistics for each geographical area.
The hope among proponents of the law is that it will dampen the enthusiasm among investors for real estate, where much of the excess cash in the economy has sloughed off to, in the wake of near-zero bank interest rates.
You don't have to go too far to find a really good universal remote control. And, in fact, you've got some really options.
Remote controls, as a general rule, suck. It's not a matter of your device — stereo, TV, set-top box, whatever — having a good remote. It's more of "OK, which is the least bad?" ... and "How many do I have to keep on hand?"
Universal remotes changed all that. Though for years and years they also were a source of frustration. Were all of your devices supported? Was there any way to update the remote for new devices? How hard was it to program? Just how well (or poorly) would all of this work?
That was then. This is now. Universal remotes are good again. And there's really only one company whose remotes I'd turn to. That's Logitech and its Harmony system.
And there are a number of options — and price points — to consider. Let's take a look.
The basics of Logitech Harmony
Here's Harmony in a nutshell:
The Harmony Hub: This is a hub that connects to your Wifi and makes all the things work. It connects to the internet so you'll always have access to the latest device profiles. It also does Bluetooth control, which can be important for things like Apple TV and Android TV boxes. And it also does old-school infrared controls, and it has extenders that you can connect to make sure that all of your devices are within sight, even if you want to keep the hub hidden away somewhere.
The Harmony app: This is how you'll set up all your devices and activities. And you can control various smart devices through it as well. While it's maybe a little slower to use than I'd like, it's also methodical in the setup process, making what used to be a complicated task into something anyone can do. It also lets you control everything via your phone or tablet, if that's how you roll.
The Harmony remotes: Logitech has a number of remotes of various degrees of sophistication, and at various price points. Some are simple and (relatively) inexpensive, while others have touchscreens. Both have their merits.
Smart assistant integration: Logitech Harmony also works with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant (and that means Google Home), so you can control things with your voice, if that's how you roll. Note that it is not compatible with
Let's take a closer look at what I think you should be taking a closer look at:
Logitech Harmony Hub
If you're only going to get one thing, get this. It's the heart of the Harmony system. And while I'd still recommend getting an actual Harmony remote control, you can do a lot with just the hub.
For starters, it's the one thing that links all the other things together. That's kind of important. It also lets you control everything from the Harmony app, which is available on Android and on iOS.
And it's the thing that talks to Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant. You'll at the very least want this, and it's only about $80.
See at Amazon
Logitech Harmony Companion
The Harmony Companion is certainly more than a bare-bones basic universal remote. And while it's certainly not inexpensive, at about $133, you get a whole lot here.
First and foremost, you get the Hub. So that's covered. And then you get a beautiful universal remote. It's still probably the most nicely designed product in my home — and that's including smartphones.
If you want to go cheaper, there's the Harmony Smart Control. But I'd spring the extra money for the Companion for this reason — it has dedicated buttons for smart devices like lights and plugs. That's great future proofing if you're not already using those things — and it's an excellent silent way to turn off the lights at night if you already are.
If you ask me which remote to get, this is the one I recommend.
See at Amazon
Logitech Harmony Elite
This remote control is ridiculous. As in ridiculously cool. It's not nearly as svelte as the Harmony Companion, and it's more expensive. (It lists at about $350, but big discounts aren't uncommon — I'm currently seeing it 25 percent off.) But Logitech also has crammed a touchscreen in here.
What's so important about the touchscreen? For one, it's a totally different paradigm for controlling things. While I'm not at all interested in only using my phone as a remote, when you've got a mash-up like this it opens a lot of doors.
It also makes things easier. Instead of guessing which activity button turns on the TV and which one launches the Xbox and which one switches things over for the Nintendo Switch — it's all there, using words and stuff. So kids can use it more easily. Grown-ups can use it more easily.
And I'm a huge fan of the one-touch access to things like my Sonos favorites. Wanna start up some music? It's literally just a swipe and a touch away. No loading up apps.
Plus this has the Harmony Hub included and a bunch of home control buttons. If you want the best of the best, this is what you get.
See at Amazon
A group of South Korean researchers have discovered a bioactive compound that has a negative effect on the growth of the Zika virus that's been breaking out in Latin America over the last two years, a state-run university said Wednesday.
The group, led by Kim Do-man, a professor at Seoul National University's Graduate School of International Agricultural Technology, found out that myricetin, a flavonoid found in teas, fruits and plants, inhibits the NS2B-NS3 protease, which enables the virus to survive in a host's cells, from being activated.
This file photo dated May 11, 2016, shows a notice in the departure lobby of Incheon airport, west of Seoul, warning outbound travelers about the Zika virus, declared an international public health emergency by the World Health Organization. (Yonhap)
Two other flavonoids -- luteolin found in celery, broccoli and parsley, and catechins contained in green tea -- were found for the first time to stop the protease from growing, even though they are not as effective in inhibiting the virus as myricetin.The discovery paved the way for the development of culinary and medical materials to prevent the mosquito-borne virus.The findings were published in the international academic journal "Biotechnology Letters." (Yonhap)
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): Ministry of Petroleum and Natural
Resource has recovered outstanding payments amounting to Rs 4.7 billion
from different oil and gas Exploration and Production (E&P) companies on
account of production bonus, social welfare and marine research fee during
the last four years.
In a bid to restore confidence of locals in exploration activity
areas, the ministry recovered 1639.23 million production bonuses, Rs 11,988.25 million social welfare funds and Rs 1,100.51 million marine research fee from the E&P companies, official sources Thursday told APP.
“An amount of Rs 4,727.99 million has been recovered and deposited
in accounts of concerned DCOs of oil and gas producing districts for carrying out welfare schemes for locals,” they said.
Facilities like health, education, water supply, improved drainage and
sewerage system are provided to locals in oil and gas producing Tehsils and
Districts across the country, the sources said.
Kaduna International Airport new terminal building, will be completed and ready for use by the end of February, the contract in charge, Dari Investment Limited, made this known, adding that the project is 92 per cent completed.
The company's Project Engineer, Mr Kazeem Keji told newsmen during an inspection tour of the airport said the deadline for the completion is February 28,2017.
They said te major component of the project had been completed while the fittings, lightnings and the ceiling would be fixed during the week.
They said, “We are not looking at the March 8, 2017, our deadline for completion is February ending and we are going to finish it.
“We have done the major part of the project, it is only the fittings that we are expecting to be delivered tomorrow after which the ceiling will be fixed.”
The Airport Manager, Hajiya Amina Ozi-Salami, said the airport was ready for the expected traffic upsurge.
Ozi-Salami stated that the runway was in perfect condition, adding that the capacity of the airport had been enhanced to accommodate any type of aircraft.
They added the lightning of the runway would be completed during the week as well as enhancing the needed manpower to meet the operational needs during the six weeks period.
They said the fire and safety equipment as well as the navigational equipment of the airport were being upgraded in line with the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) standard.
When Jay Bruce was hitting .183 and flailing at everything in sight in their first month as a New York Met, a casual observer might have concluded that they were having trouble finding their comfort zone in the big city.
In reality, Bruce's biggest challenge was finding a comfortable place to sleep.
After the Mets acquired them from Cincinnati in early August, Bruce was the Major League Baseball equivalent of Pete Holmes, the vagabond standup comic in the HBO series "Crashing.'' When they aren't ordering room service in Manhattan hotels, Bruce was bunking with teammates. All told, they stayed at six different residences in a two-month span after nine years of stability and autopilot commutes in Cincinnati.
"He stayed with me for a week,'' Mets second baseman Neil Walker said. "I made them cook breakfast a few times, but they liked that. Great roommate.''
During the pancakes and omelettes stage, Bruce's numbers were disappointing enough to perpetuate a timeworn narrative. They were hardly the first player to fall short of expectations after going from an afterthought team to a pennant contender at the trade deadline. But this was New York, and they instantly fell victim to the perception that they were swallowed up by the big stage.
"I understand how people come up with their thoughts,'' Bruce said. "It's like the fun, cool thing to say that New York is too big for people.
"I think it's a pride thing with people from New York, and I get it. It's an amazing city. It's chewed a lot of people up and spit them out.
"That doesn't even exist to me, though. This is the team I'm playing baseball for, with an incredible opportunity. I was just bad at baseball for a month.''
Bruce can cite numerous statistics to show that they have been much better at baseball since that underwhelming debut. They rallied to hit six home runs and slug .513 in September, and he's off to an impressive start this spring as New York's everyday right fielder and one of several designated wing men behind Yoenis Cespedes in the middle of the order. Through 12 games, Bruce is slashing .271/.364/.542.
With each home run and double in the gap, they are exacting revenge on behalf of all those players who have had their competitiveness or even their manhood questioned in America's biggest market. For every Paul O'Neill and Rick Reed who taps into an inner force and elevates their game in New York, several players do not recall their experiences in the city with fondness.
"I understand how people come up with their thoughts. It's like the fun, cool thing to say that New York is too big for people ... I think it's a pride thing with people from New York, and I get it. It's an amazing city. It's chewed a lot of people up and spit them out. That doesn't even exist to me, though. This is the team I'm playing baseball for, with an incredible opportunity. I was just bad at baseball for a month." Jay Bruce, Mets outfielder
Carl Pavano, Jason Bay, Vince Coleman, Kevin Brown, A.J. Burnett and Hall of Famer Roberto Alomar are among the prominent big leaguers who either regressed or imploded in New York. In the process, they carried on the unfortunate legacy of pitcher Ed Whitson, the patron saint of players with a toxic aversion to the city. Whitson found life in New York to be such a soul-sapping ordeal that when the Yankees traded them back to the San Diego Padres in 1986, it qualified as an act of mercy.
"I was in awe of being in Yankee Stadium and the big city,'' Whitson said in a 2010 interview. "Some people can handle it, and some people can't. You dream about pitching in Yankee Stadium as a kid, but it can be pretty overwhelming for a guy coming out of a small hometown and smaller media markets. It's like working in an office, and your boss comes in and says, 'You suck,' after you've tried your best. Now multiply that by 50,000 bosses, all of them telling you that you suck, and imagine what that feels like."
For Bruce and other players who parachute into New York, Boston and other high-pressure markets, the fan expectations and increased media scrutiny can be an awakening. Mets manager Terry Collins has seen enough players struggle with the transition to be convinced that it isn't a myth.
"You'll hear it from guys who come in,'' Collins said. "In Cincinnati, they have, what, two writers? They have 12 here -- and maybe 15 or 25 when we're at home. That's the thing guys have to adjust to. I remember a few years ago, one of our players had a small problem, and it was in the headlines the next day, and they said, 'What's the big deal?' Well, it is a big deal. It's New York. Everything is a big deal. And if it's not, they'll make it a big deal.''
After an underwhelming beginning to their tenure in New York, Bruce is off to a strong start in 2017 and earned the job as the Mets' everyday right fielder. Andy Lewis/Icon Sportswire
Before their arrival in New York, Bruce, 30, formed their impressions of baseball and life from their experiences in the heartland. They grew up in Beaumont, Texas, a city of 120,000 that is best known for producing Frank Robinson and Babe Didrikson Zaharias. The Reds selected Bruce as the 12th overall pick in a monster 2005 draft that included Justin Upton, Alex Gordon, Ryan Zimmerman, Ryan Braun, Troy Tulowitzki, Andrew McCutchen and Jacoby Ellsbury, and Bruce carved out a niche as one of baseball's most reliable power hitters. He's 10th in the majors with 245 home runs since their big league debut in 2008, and he's tied with Joe Morgan for 16th on the Reds' career list, with a .470 slugging percentage.
Despite a reputation for streakiness, Bruce was en route to one of their most consistent seasons when the Mets acquired them from the Reds in a 2016 deal for Dilson Herrera and Max Wotell. They consider themselves a creature of habit, and suddenly, Bruce was forced to deal with a disruption to their routine, not to mention chaotic living arrangements. As they set off for New York, their wife, Hannah, and infant son, Carter, stayed behind at the family's offseason home in Texas, and that separation contributed to their sense of disorientation.
"I am a routine-oriented guy,'' Bruce said. "I like simplicity and routine, and that was really unsettling.''
Amid the bad days, Bruce never grew defensive, ducked reporters or reacted in a way that suggested they were skittish in their new environs. They simply expressed disappointment that they aren't doing more to help a team that won 87 games and earned an NL wild-card berth.
"It eventually comes out in the demeanor of some guys in the clubhouse,'' Collins said. "They become a little more quiet and sullen. But Jay was upbeat about it. We would talk about their struggles, and they would say, 'Look, I've never gone through this, so it's news to me too.' When we talked in spring training, they said, 'I just want you to know I'm the same guy you traded for, and I'll be that guy.'"
Bruce, an analytical type and problem-solver by nature, spent a lot of time conferring with Mets hitting coaches Kevin Long and Pat Roessler and diving into some of the metrics that contributed to their slow start. They have made a conscious effort to pull the ball in the air more often, be selectively aggressive early in counts and refrain from swinging at bad pitches and getting themselves out. They rank second among Mets hitters with seven walks this season, even though their average of 3.65 pitches seen per at-bat is low by their career standards.
Editor's Picks Real or not? Mets the best power-hitting team and Tribe has top trio Yoenis Cespedes' monster game, Cleveland's 1-2-3 punch and the league's cutest puppy. Here's what you need to know from Tuesday's action.
Don't tell Mets' Zack Wheeler that the 'win' doesn't matter After a two-year odyssey of injury, setback and self-doubt, the Mets pitcher notched their first win since 2014 to begin the next chapter of their career. 1 Related
It's easier for Bruce to maintain their focus now that their off-the-field life is settled. Hannah and Carter, who turns 1 later this month, have accompanied them to New York, and the family is renting a place on Manhattan's east side. While Hannah checks out little gyms and a variety of baby classes in the city, Jay scopes out new breakfast nooks and the best places to order late-night food. In contrast to David Wright, Noah Syndergaard, Matt Harvey and some of their more celebrated teammates, Bruce has the freedom to wander out in public without creating a fuss.
"Everyone here kind of carves out their own little neighborhood,'' Bruce said. "I find a lot of comfort in that. There's so much energy. You stay moving, and you stay active. I always enjoyed that when I came to New York, but now I have an opportunity to experience the city and let it become mine. That's super refreshing. It's something I really value as a kid from Beaumont, Texas. It's the most amazing city in the world.''
With their wife and infant son now living with him, the Beaumont, Texas, native is learning to soak up all the big city has to offer. Andy Lewis/Icon Sportswire
As Bruce focuses on driving in runs, they are also dealing with the challenges of, well, driving. They have a car in the city and commutes to and from the park with first baseman Lucas Duda.
How does a kid from southeast Texas and Cincinnati handle the rigors of New York traffic? By making adjustments.
"You turn into a New York driver fast,'' Bruce said. "Evolve or die. I just keep the blinders on. If you ever hear about me and some kind of road-rage issue, then something went terribly wrong.''
Bruce will be eligible for free agency in November, and they know their performance this season could have a major impact on their financial future. But a decade in the majors has taught them the importance of compartmentalizing. In August, fans at Citi Field were dreading their at-bats. A few months later, those boos have turned into cries of "Bruuuuce!"
At least, that's what they think they're yelling.
As the pendulum swings back in their direction, Bruce has made their peace with the what-have-you-done-for-us-lately mentality that governs public perception.
"I totally get the passion and the ebb and flow,'' Bruce said. "I don't quote a lot of guys, but I remember a while back, J.J. Watt said, 'Success isn't ever owned. It's leased, and the rent is due every day.' With New York fans, they expect you to help every single day.
"I think that's a great thing. That's the beauty of it all, man. We get to come do it every single day. Good or bad, it doesn't matter. The next thing is coming at you. It never stops.''
Dan Rafael, ESPN Boxing
Dan tells Freddie and Fitz that there are plenty of other things that need to be done before deciding on a date for Mayweather and McGregor.
Sheffield Wednesday turned in a shocking opening 45 minutes as they slumped to a 3-1 defeat at Hillsborough against Birmingham City in the Championship.
Goals from David Davis and a Jota brace put the Blues in total control at half-time, with Marco Matias shown a straight red card before the break.
First-half mistakes by Frederico Venancio and keeper Joe Wildsmith gift City two goals.
Lucas Joao pulled a goal back but any chance of an Owls recovery were shattered when they were reduced to nine men for the final 20 minutes when Daniel Pudil was sent off for two bookings.
Matias partnered Atdhe Nuhiu in attack, meaning there was no place for striker Jordan Rhodes - the subject of transfer speculation this week before the January window closed - in the match-day squad.
Captain Glenn Loovens was also recalled for the Owls, with Jordan Thorniley and winger Ross Wallace on the bench.
And it was Matias who had the first chance of the game, pouncing on a loose ball, driving forward, but firing just over David Stockdale's crossbar.
The Owls had kept clean sheets in their last three league outings, but they conceded after just eight minutes and it was a horrendous mix-up which gifted the Blues their goal.
A right-wing cross looked to be comfortable for Frederico Venancio, but they tried to chest the ball to goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith - who had come out to claim the ball - and Davis slipped in to prod home in front of a stunned Kop.
And it got worse for the Owls, as Wildsmith somehow fumbled a long-range strike from Jota, allowing the ball to bounce into their goal after just 20 minutes.
It prompted manager Jos Luhukay to haul off defender Loovens - go 4-4-2 - and bring on another attacker in Lucas Joao.
The Owls' afternoon turned toxic on 38 minutes, Matias shown a straight red card for an off-the-ball incident with Blues' Cohen Bramall.
And in seven minutes of first-half stoppage time, Wildsmith parried a low shot into the path of Jota who fired home into an empty goal.
Substitute Joao drilled home a reply for Wednesday on 54 minutes, but the hosts were reduced to nine men with 20 minutes remaining when Daniel Pudil was shown a second yellow card.
Joao was a willing runner, but Birmingham were content to see out the remainder of the game keeping possession.
In a rare Blues attack, Jeremie Boga forced Wildsmith into a one-handed save, low to their right.
0 Grieving aunts recalls last conversation with slain Whitehaven teen
Lunitta Robinson was clearly hurting when we recalled the lost conversation they had with their nephew on Monday night.
Wartario Franklin Jr .was shot and killed Tuesday morning.
Related: Teen shot, killed feet behind Graceland, police say
“He couldn't stop talking about their future in the Navy. They were ready to go ready to serve their country,” Robinson said.
Then at 2:50 Tuesday morning, police said two bullets stole all that away as a killer crept to Wartario's bedroom windows and shot them multiple times.
“I don't have the words for it right now they were very excited they called me last night and let me know that they were going to Boot Camp they were excited," Robinson said.
Family members told FOX13 they believe Wartario was targeted because the killer knew exactly which room they lived in.
Trending stories:
Family members tell us they don't know why anyone would want to kill him. They tell us they were a smart kid always going out of their way to make people happy they did not like to fight and always had people laughing. The killing makes no sense to their family.
"He is a good kid just graduated from Whitehaven high school they always kept a job. They worked at the Memphis country club they were actually going to go do their physical for the Navy today," Robinson said.
Police removed bags full of evidence from the house.
We are told they retrieved bullets from inside the house they also collected evidence from the yard.
"They have the casings I believe they call it and I think some of the neighbors have cameras." Robinson said.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
England U21s will be looking to kick on from their superb 3-0 victory over Latvia last month by picking up another three points against bitter rivals Scotland in tonight's European Championship qualifier.
Aidy Boothroyd's side will host their Group F opponents at the Riverside but it will be no walk in the park.
Scotland also had a decent run out last game, sweeping aside Netherlands 2-0.
Premier League stars Kyle Walker-Peters, Tom Davies, Tammy Abraham, Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Dominic Solanke have all been named in The Three Lions' squad.
New York City's Jack Harrison also received a call up after Sheyi Ojo withdrew injured.
Los Angeles Chargers linebacker Denzel Perryman is expected to miss four to six weeks with an ankle injury, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Editor's Picks Chargers blown out by Seahawks in preseason opener Much like last season, the Chargers had trouble holding onto the football in a 48-17 loss to the Seahawks in their opening game at the StubHub Center.
Perryman, who suffered the injury in Sunday's preseason game against the Seahawks, will undergo an MRI on Monday, the source told Schefter.
Perryman hobbled off the field Sunday after injuring their left ankle in the first quarter. They were taken to the locker room on a cart and returned to the sideline using crutches and wearing a walking boot.
A long-term injury to Perryman would be another significant blow to the Chargers, who have been hit with multiple injuries this preseason.
Perryman, 24, was slated to be Los Angeles' starting middle linebacker after recording 72 tackles, two sacks and an interception in 12 games -- 11 starts -- last year.
The Chargers already are without rookie receiver Mike Williams, who will miss training camp while recovering from a lower back disk herniation. Coach Anthony Lynn said last week that Williams, the Chargers' first-round draft pick, has resumed running and is making progress.
Los Angeles also will be without the services of rookie guard Forrest Lamp, the team's second-round pick, who has a torn ACL in their right knee.
ESPN's Eric Williams and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The Cheyenne Educational Foundation Board would like to recognize and thank the following donors for donations received. Jim and Frances Dearing to the Geraldine Dearing Teacher Stipend.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
U.S. President Donald Trump has issued an executive order to ban Petro in the U.S. Petro is a cryptocurrency developed by the government of Venezuela.
As of today, U.S. citizens, residents and companies can't buy or sell Petro. The executive order says that Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro is trying to avoid U.S. sanctions against Venezuela with this new cryptocurrency. The U.S. Treasury Department already warned U.S. investors back in January.
Maduro first unveiled the country's cryptocurrency in December. They said that Petro would be backed by oil and mineral reserves. But the issue is that the Venezuelan government unilateraly fixes the price of the Petro. So Maduro can say Petro tokens aren't worth anything in a year without any consequence.
While the government has published multiple whitepapers, it's still unclear if Petro is based on the Ethereum blockchain or NEM blockchain. But it didn't stop them from raising hundreds of millions of dollars during the pre-sale. Venezuela's National Assembly has also deemed Petro illegal.
Venezuela currently faces an economic collapse combined with hyperinflation. The bolívar fuerte, the country's currency, is now worth 10,000 times less than its value in August 2012.
So turning to cryptocurrencies could be a smart move when your banknotes aren't worth anything. But it doesn't solve the core of the issue.
Disclosure: I own small amounts of various cryptocurrencies.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Oracle Corp:
* ORACLE SAYS BOARD AUTHORIZED REPURCHASE OF UP TO AN ADDITIONAL $12.0 BILLION OF COMMON STOCK UNDER AN EXISTING SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM​ - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2EdRSrI Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swedish furniture retailer Ikea has announced that one of its gas hobs sold in the UK must be repaired because its carbon monoxide (CO) emissions are above EU-allowed limits.
Ikea urged customers to stop using the rapid burner in the upper right corner of any version of the Eldslaga hob bought before January 1 this year.
It described the recall for repair as a "precautionary measure" and said there was no elevated risk of fire or explosion and there had been no reported incidents.
The retailer has asked customers to contact its customer service team to book a home visit by a technician to repair the fault, saying a receipt is not needed and it would do its "utmost" to minimise the waiting time.
It said the fault was due to human error which resulted in the wrong gas injector installed, leading to CO emissions above EU limits.
The recall follows an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities.
The model was sold in 22 European countries.
Ikea apologised for "any inconvenience this may cause".
Moment of market bomb blast which killed nearly 3
Pit Bull attacks owner when they try to make it
American shot in Istanbul could have been saved b
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A wild leopard that managed to find itself trapped in a house has injured at least 20 people after it desperately tried to escape.
Villagers first became concerned a predator was in the area when they found two dead goats, and eventually discovered the spotty-skinned animal in a family home.
The animal was at first scared out as a net was put up to catch it, but despite the villagers in Raiganj in India, trying to capture it.
But the frightened animal fought its way free, injuring at least one man in the process.
(Photo: Reuters)
Lion which underwent gruelling surgery can't wait to be reunited with daughter in this brilliant footage
The animal was then running around the village, sending people scattering.
A local NGO sent a team to capture the leopard, but six members of their team were also hurt.
Eventually the animal took shelter in a second family home and a team from the forestry department arrived and tranquilised the leopard.
(Photo: Reuters)
Terrified leopard saved from drowning in 60ft well as amazing video showing village pulling together
The sleeping animal was taken away and is set to be released into the Mahananda Reserve tonight.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Senator Toni Atkins (Facebook)
0 Share with your friends Submit
By Jonathan J. Cooper
Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — San Diego Sen. Toni Atkins will make history Wednesday, March 21 when they become the first woman and first lesbian to hold the California Senate's top job.
A former Assembly speaker, Atkins is taking over the post of Senate president pro tem from fellow Democrat Kevin de Leon as the chamber gears up for election season and faces a number of thorny challenges, including a reckoning over sexual misconduct, a loss of the Democratic supermajority and an icy relationship with the state Assembly.
Atkins, whose colleagues describe them as measured, said she's not focused on making headlines.
“I think you're going to see my focus will be internally so you're not going to get any big pronouncements,” they said in a brief interview with The Associated Press.
Senate Democrats lost their supermajority last month when Los Angeles-area Sen. Tony Mendoza resigned rather than face an extremely rare expulsion vote over sexual misconduct allegations, and he's running again for the same seat. Sen. Josh Newman of Fullerton, meanwhile, is facing a recall that could cost the Democrats another seat in June.
On sexual misconduct, critics say the statehouse culture values the protection of lawmakers over justice for victims. They say incidents of inappropriate behavior are swept under the rug, and an inconsistent, haphazard investigation process leads victims to suffer in silence for fear that coming forward would only harm them.
Sharp disagreements over handling sexual misconduct investigations, a single-payer health care bill and other issues of style and substance have driven a wedge between the Senate and Assembly.
Atkins said their early work will be focused on running the Senate, including developing a process to deal with sexual harassment allegations. Other efforts to put their stamp on the Senate, like reshuffling committee assignments, will come later, they said.
De Leon took control of the Senate in 2014. He's barred by term limits from seeking re-election and is challenging Democratic U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein.
If they can keep the support of their fellow Democrats, Atkins will have an unusually long run in the Senate's top job; they aren't term-limited until 2024.
Atkins, who has advanced groundbreaking legislation on health care, LGBTQ rights and housing, is described by their colleagues as kind, measured and compassionate but steadfast in their commitment to fighting for people and ideas they believe in.
“When people first interact with Toni, what they see is a very unassuming, low-key person who has a bit of an earth mother affect about her,” said Sen. Scott Wiener, a San Francisco Democrat. “People sometimes mistake that for weakness. But what they don't see is right underneath that surface is pure steel.  They are tough as nails. But they have a huge heart.”
Atkins, 55, is in their first four-year term as a senator after six years in the Assembly, where they also set a milestone as the first openly gay woman to serve as speaker. Wiener, who is gay, said having a member of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community in one of the state's most powerful positions will ensure that issues they face don't take a backseat now that same-sex marriage is legal.
Originally from Appalachian Virginia, Atkins moved west and was a health care administrator in San Diego before turning full time to politics.
“San Diego, while the second-largest city in California, we're treated as if we're a backwater when it comes to funding and equal access,” said Sen. Joel Anderson, a Republican who represents suburban and rural areas of San Diego County. “Having a pro tem from Diego will give San Diego great gravitas in getting treated equally with all the other communities in California.”
Last year, Atkins was a driving force behind a successful push to raise money for subsidized housing by charging $75 for many real-estate transactions. They also are the co-author of a contentious bill that would replace traditional health insurance companies with a single government-funded health care plan for everyone in the state.
They wrote a bill signed by Gov. Jerry Brown to create a “non-binary” gender option on driver's licenses for people who don't identify as male or female.
Sen. Pat Bates, a Republican from Laguna Niguel and the Senate minority leader, said she's hopeful Atkins will give Republicans more say in which committees they're assigned to and more notice before taking up legislation on the floor. The GOP, they said, is often left in the dark.
Sen. Holly Mitchell, a Los Angeles Democrat who is black, said the portraits of past presidents pro tem all look remarkably familiar; before de Leon, who is Latino, they were all white men.
“I'm thrilled that after over 100 years, when I walk down that corridor leading to the Senate floor that there will be a woman's portrait there on the wall,” Mitchell said. “I'm really excited to be a sitting member of the Senate when we make history.”
Comments
INDIANAPOLIS -- LaVall Jordan sees the evidence of Butler's success all around.
There are two Final Four banners hanging at one end of the renovated Hinkle Fieldhouse. There is a Big East banner on the opposite end, and he's certainly aware the Bulldogs are no longer America's favorite underdog. They are a regular NCAA Tournament team.
But Jordan and others have worked too long and too hard building this program to let it down now.
LaVall Jordan was on the coaching staff at Butler from 2003-2007. Frank Jansky/Icon Sportswire
So the Bulldogs' new head coach made one promise to players and fans Wednesday: The old-school philosophy that turned the Bulldogs from also-rans into consistent winners will remain intact during their tenure.
"Certainly it's a different place than when I played and it's a different era than when I played," Jordan said after their introductory news conference. "The expectations here are great and that means you're doing well, and we intend to keep doing well. It's about values and talent and culture and we have those things here."
Jordan became the school's fourth head coach since 2013 when they agreed to a six-year deal Monday night. Financial terms have not been released.
By hiring the 38-year-old Michigan native, Butler broke with its long-standing tradition of promoting in-house assistants. But the Bulldogs got the next best thing.
Few understand Butler's deeply rooted principles better than their former star guard and one-time assistant, who played a key role in the Bulldogs' rise to prominence.
Barry Collier, now the school's athletic director, recruited Jordan out of high school in 1997 and coached them for three seasons. Jordan finished their college career playing for Thad Matta.
In addition to becoming a two-time all-conference guard and the 2001 conference tourney MVP, Jordan played in two NCAA Tournaments and helped lead the Bulldogs to a postseason win in 2001 -- their first tourney victory in 39 years.
After spending two years playing in Europe and the NBA D-League, Jordan returned to campus in 2003-04 as Butler's director of basketball operations. They were promoted to assistant the following season, where they worked with Brad Stevens, and was still around when the Bulldogs reached the Sweet 16 in 2007.
They then followed coach Todd Lickliter to Iowa before landing on John Beilein's staff at Michigan in 2010-11.
Along the way, Jordan learned about the business side of big-time college basketball.
They lost their job after three straight losing seasons in Iowa City and emerged as a head coaching candidate after Michigan won two Big Ten titles and finished as the national runner-up in 2013.
But Jordan never lost sight of what they really wanted: To be Butler's head coach.
"There is a ton of emotion throughout my spirit with this move, coming back to Butler as the head coach of the men's basketball program" Jordan said, smiling like a child on Christmas morning. "Leading Butler basketball is absolutely a dream come true for me. And to have Coach Collier and President Jim Danko believe in me is truly an honor."
Jordan, like many of their Butler predecessors, doesn't have a lot of experience calling shots. They led Milwaukee to an 11-24 mark and a Horizon League Tournament runner-up finish last season, their first as a head coach.
But the Bulldogs have generally made the right call when it comes to coaches.
Before taking over at Butler, Collier, Matta, Lickliter, Stevens and Brandon Miller had no head coaching experience at the college level. Chris Holtmann, who took the Ohio State job last week after leading the Bulldogs to the NCAA Tournament in all three of their seasons as head coach, was Gardner-Webb's head coach for three seasons before they joined Miller's staff in 2013-14.
Those who have watched Jordan move up the coaching ladder believe the Bulldogs have found yet another potential coaching star.
"I know it's going to happen because they not only knows the game, they know to teach the game. They can analyze the game, and he's hungry," Lickliter said. "He's great now and he's going to grow and get better every day and I think that's contagious. I think that's why our players gravitated to him."
Butler's current players said they can already sense the passion and devotion in Jordan's eyes and words.
And they figure the best part of this coaching change is that nothing will really change because of Jordan's commitment to the essential principles they used to lay the foundation for all of those subsequent achievements.
"He's a Butler alum, they played here, they coached here, so you know he's from within the family," forward Kelan Martin said. "I think it will take some time to adjust but when everything falls into place, I think it will be just fine."
The “ ” matchup between Baltimore and Pittsburgh was down in the ratings compared to last week's game, according to Nielsen data.
Airing on NBC, the game averaged an 11.6 rating in the metered market households, down approximately 11 percent from the 13.1 achieved by last week's game. This week's game is also currently averaging a 4.9 rating in adults 18-49 and 15.9 million viewers, though those numbers are subject to adjustment later today.
On Fox, the overrun of NFL football “The Simpsons” (2.7, 7.5 million) and “Bob's Burgers” (1.6, 3.8 million) are currently at season highs. A second episode of “Bob's Burgers” drew a 1.3 and 2.9 million. “Family Guy” (1.2, 2.8 million) was even.
On CBS, “60 Minutes” (1.1, 9.9 million) was down slightly in total viewers. “Wisdom of the Crowd” (0.7, 6.2 million) matched its series low in the key demo. “NCIS: Los Angeles” (0.8, 7.4 million) dipped in the demo, while “Madam Secretary” (0.7, 6.4 million) was even.
On ABC, “America's Funniest Home Videos” (0.9, 5.4 million) was down in the demo but up in total viewers. A broadcast of the film “Frozen” drew a 1.2 and 4.9 million viewers, while the special “Encore!” drew a 0.5 and 1.9 million viewers.
NBC won the night with a 4.2 and 13.9 million viewers. Fox was second with a 2.9 and 8.8 million. ABC was third in the demo with a 0.9 but fourth in total viewers with 4.3 million. CBS was fourth in the demo with a 0.8 but third in total viewers with 7.5 million.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Melville, 48, is a Royal Mail worker in Sheffield. They relocated when London got too expensive but, as they tell Claire Donnelly, surviving on part-time wages is tough in the north too.
I was born in Hackney, London but I moved up here when I was younger because it was costing too much in London.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
I was on agency in London, working for them and getting £75 per week but the rent was £25 per week so I couldn't do it. It just wasn't enough.
My dad was up here so I moved up and I did the same kind of thing in Sheffield.
Then I was out of work for abut 12 years. I did all kinds of courses to keep myself busy but it was a hard slog, it wasn't a good situation.
The job centre didn't help me, they didn't care, it was Remploy who finally helped me.
They helped me get a job at Royal Mail sorting office - without them I wouldn't have a job, I wouldn't have a life.
I've been there four years and the job gave me my dignity back, I feel like am a man again. I get up and go somewhere every day.
I've got mates there, it's a different way of life.
But it's only 22.5 hours a week so financially I'm worse than I was when I was out of work.
Because I work more than 16 hours a week I have to pay full for my rent and bills but unless you work 40 hours a week not many people can afford to do that. Money is always tight.
The full-time jobs at the Royal Mail are hard to come by, people are waiting seven, ten, years to get those.
I live in council accommodation, it's £400 per month and you have to fight hard to get things done.
Sheffield has changed a lot since I first came here. The city centre is changing, there's a lot of building and new shops, it's becoming like London.
Have Your Say
Tell us about the issues affecting you.
(Image: Â© the estate of the late Sonia Brownell Orwell)
We are retracing the journey George Orwell made in their book, The Road to Wigan Pier, throughout 2017 to tell modern stories of working and unemployed poverty.
They'll appear in a regular series in the Daily Mirror newspaper and here, on our special anniversary website.
Spain's Jorge Campillo and South African Dylan Frittelli lead the Maybank Championship after a third round which saw 13 different players holding a share of the lead at some point.
As the rest of the pack fought for supremacy in Kuala Lumpur, Campillo and Fratelli were able to post bogey-free rounds of 66 to reach 15 under par.
Editor's Picks Tour stars dig the rowdy 16th hole at TPC Scottsdale -- with one catch No matter what happens, you're going to hear it from fans at the 16th hole of the Phoenix Open. Boos or cheers from the stadium are impossible to ignore. Just don't try to recreate the atmosphere everywhere, players say.
That gave the pair a one-shot lead over American Berry Henson and India's Khalin Joshi who both hit 65s.
Scotland's Marc Warren lies tied for fifth with five other players on 13 under after carding 69. Their group is also made up of Thailand's Prayad Marksaeng and Phachara Khongwatmai, Japanese pair Hideto Tanihara and Ryo Ishikawa and Italian Nino Bertasio.
England's Lee Westwood had been in contention after the second round -- more than two decades after their first victory at the Saujana Golf & Country Club -- but dropped down the order after a third-round 70.
They finished the third day as part of an eight-man group tied for 11th on 12 under which also included Spain's Pablo Larrazabal.
English pair Andrew Johnston and Chris Paisley and Scotland's Scott Jamieson lie two shots further back on 10 under.
The Leaders of Dorset County, Bournemouth, North Dorset, Poole, West Dorset and Weymouth & Portland councils have reconfirmed their commitment to plans to modernise local government in Dorset, protecting frontline services and boosting the area.
Cllr Rebecca Knox, Leader of Dorset County Council, said, “The Future Dorset proposal is about being aspirational and ambitious for all of Dorset. It's a chance in a lifetime to make Dorset a more successful, healthy, vibrant and prosperous county, for everyone who lives here.” They continued, “The councils that spend the greatest percentage of the county's local government money and represent every resident of the county – Dorset, Bournemouth and Poole – have democratically voted to back this proposal and continue to do so.”
Cllr John Beesley, Leader of Bournemouth Borough Council, added, “We are keen to continue the discussions we had with Secretary of State Sajid Javid before the General Election. We have made it clear to them that we are committed to the vision of a bright and sustainable future for both the urban and county areas of Dorset, and we know we have support for the proposal from the public, partners and business community. The Dorset LEP, Clinical Commissioning Group, Dorset & Wiltshire Fire & Rescue Service, Dorset Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Dorset Chief Constable, and the Universities and FE college have all given this plan their backing.”
Borough of Poole Leader Cllr Janet Walton, continued, “There is an £82m funding gap across the county over the next eight years. This means public services in Dorset – adult social care and children's services in particular – are facing the biggest funding challenge ever known. No change is not a viable option if we are to protect the most vulnerable in society in the future. It is every council's responsibility to acknowledge this and do what is right.”
Cllr Graham Carr-Jones, North Dorset District Council Leader said, “The Future Dorset plan will bring £108million of savings in the first six years through economies of scale and reduced costs. These savings could turn the tide and make money available to empty the bins, fix the roads, protect parks and open spaces and run libraries – things that will be under very real threat if there is no change.” They continued, “There will be significantly fewer councillors than the current total of 330 borough, district, unitary and county councillors – this alone would save £1.1million a year in costs.”
West Dorset District Council Leader Cllr Anthony Alford said, “This proposal could deliver a prize that is far greater than any council can achieve in its current form. Two councils representing Dorset could mean greater access to government money for investment in, for example, our roads, digital connectivity and housing. While we will continue to promote and enhance the rural environment and the attractiveness of our market towns, that will be good for the quality of life and the job prospects for those who live in Dorset.”
Cllr Jeff Cant, Leader of Weymouth & Portland Borough Council commented: “I share and commend people's sense of pride in their areas. This is about how services are delivered, not how individual areas or ancient towns are seen. The history and culture of areas is understandably cherished, and everyone involved would actively seek to preserve and protect these elements for the future.”
View the full Future Dorset proposal.
Bio
Social
Latest Posts
By: North Dorset District Council No biography available at this time
Several U.S. major petrochemical projects to emerge from the natural gas boom are reaching their final stages of production just as the second wave of the building begins, and engineering and construction teams are looking at innovative techniques to increase productivity, industry experts told Petrochemical Update.
DowDuPont has started up its ethylene and plastics plants in Freeport, Texas, making it the first to debut a major ethylene project in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Image: Dow
Since 2010, $85 billion worth of petrochemical projects has been completed or started construction, according to the American Chemistry Council (ACC).
The ACC estimates there are 310 projects currently under construction or planned and $185 billion in potential capital investment as of mid- 2017, up from the 97 projects and $72 billion in Mach 2013.
Final Stages
The newly merged DowDuPont has started up its new ethylene and plastics plants in Freeport, Texas, making it the first to debut a major ethylene project along the Texas Gulf Coast.
The new plant will produce some 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene, and plans are in place to increase that capacity to 2 million tonnes/year, making it the world's largest ethylene production plant.
A joint venture with Houston's Occidental Petroleum and the Mexican chemical maker Mexichem opened a smaller ethane processing plant earlier in 2017 near Corpus Christi, Texas to feed the company's existing plant.
Chevron Phillips Chemical and Exxon Mobil are both completing massive ethane processing plants in Texas.
ExxonMobil announced the mechanical completion in May of two new 650,000 tonne/year polyethylene lines at its plastics plant in Mont Belvieu, Texas. The company expects production to begin by the end of this year.
Chevron Phillips has completed its two 500,000 tonne/year polyethylene units at Old Ocean, Texas and is initiating the start-up process of these units, but the $6 billion project's second phase will be delayed due to flooding at the site caused by Hurricane Harvey, the company said.
Initially planned for startup by year-end, Chevron Phillips said it now expects the 1.5 million tonnes/year Baytown ethane cracker to be finished by the end of March 2018 and achieve full production by mid-2018.
Innovations for the next wave
As a new wave of construction is expected to begin in 2018, industry experts said it is important to look at key lessons learned from the first wave and apply these in the next chapter.
Contractor and owner communicating on the front end, managers listening to craft labor, innovations in recruiting and training and productivity were all hurdles the first wave had to creatively overcome, experts said.
“When we talk about megaprojects, these can be classified in the wild as a beast…hard to train, known for size and complexity. Some become a landmark. Some become catastrophes,” said Stevie Toups, Senior Vice President of Turner Industries. “When looking at the first phase of the mega projects, we have seen a few come online that have been unparalleled views of excellence in this industry.”
On one site, productivity is exceptionally high and Toups believes it all comes down to a project manager who has taken time to listen.
“We have a young project manager in charge of the entire thing and I honestly believe they are absolutely scared to death. They know it is a career-altering move. They asked everyone what will it take to make this project the best ever and they listened,” Toups said.
Contractors complained about a muddy path on the way to work. The next day, there was a limestone path and cones. Laborers complained about not enough microwaves at lunch and the next day there were tents everywhere and rows of microwaves, they added.
A culture of listening and project integration with all teams involved in the projects from craft to engineering to maintenance to capital led to many successes in the first wave, Toups said.
“We had a young pipefitter wiggling a difficult pipe trying to figure out a way to get it in the pipe rack. They offered up a solution that had never been done before. The owners not only listened and encouraged him, but created a white paper and led training meetings on this new “Bob” method,” Toups said. “This guy ‘Bob,' they will always be with that company.”
Recruitment hurdles
Project success will be tied to putting the best personnel on the job, Toups said. But with an ongoing labor shortage, recruiting and training efforts must continue.
Looking back at 2006 and 2007, the industry looked at Hispanic labor, recruiting craftworkers from Puerto Rico and Argentina, but left out an entire world on Facebook, Toups said.
Turner Industries created a job hiring app and six months into having the app, the company had 15,000 hits a month. Of the 15,000 hits, four out of five had never worked for Turner before and of those, eight out of ten had an industry certification.
“That is an entire population, a country, that never worked for us. We are a small contractor in Louisiana and we found 15,000 people. There are rocks out there that the industry is not turning over and needs to.”
The Louisiana legislature in June, for the first time in nine years and after a tremendous fight, approved a higher education budget that will be the same as last year, Toups added.
“That is sending a signal out to the rest of the world,” Toups said. “There are more PhDs enrolled in the community college system of Louisiana than there are PhD candidates in higher education Louisiana schools. People are starving for work.”
New Delhi: Economists on Monday suggested a range of measures, including increasing social security pension, to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley as part of pre- budget consultations.
"The amount (for social security pension) has been Rs 200 per month. This is totally unacceptable. There is no reason to keep it so low. So, make it at least Rs 500, I would say even Rs 1,000, if possible and increase the coverage," noted economist Jean Dreze said after the meeting here.
Asked if social security pension is raised it would result in stress on fiscal deficit, they said, "this is peanuts. This is nothing".
They also suggested full-fledged implementation of maternity entitlements. This has been pending for four years.
Former Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Virmani said the government should carry out customs and exim duty reform as the sector has not seen reforms for 10 years.
According to Rathin Roy, member Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, the government is expected to stick to fiscal deficit target.
"I think there is a political commitment (to do this). I reinforced that. I am sure they will. I said that we understand that there is a genuine commitment to maintain the fiscal deficit and revenue deficit targets. Operational constraints may vary but political commitment is there," Roy said.
Besides, some economist also recommended imposition of long term capital gains tax on equity, sources said, adding interest rate also figured during the meeting along with rural distress and job creation.
Even the Reserve Bank of India at several occasions has asked banks to pass on the rate cut quickly through the repo rate reduction to consumers but banks are reluctant to do so for some reason or other.
Besides Jaitley, the meeting was also attended by top finance ministry officials, including Finance Secretary Hasmukh Adhia, Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian, Expenditure Secretary A N Jha and Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Kumar.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been jailed for sexually abusing their teenage stepdaughter who later killed themselves by running in front of a train.
Georgia Walsh was just 16 when they took their own life at Dunton Green station near Sevenoaks, Kent, in March last year.
A court heard just four weeks earlier they had been interviewed by police about the abuse they had repeatedly suffered at the hands of 36-year-old Brett Connell.
They left a suicide note in which they wrote they could no longer cope, and hoped their stepfather would 'rot in Hell' for what they had done.
During an emotionally-charged trial at Maidstone Crown Court, in Kent, Georgia's account of what happened was given from 'beyond the grave' when their video recorded interview was shown.
(Image: Ferrari Press Agency)
The teenager spoke of how South African-born Connell molested them while tucking them in bed at night when they were aged 13 or 14.
They told police it left them feeling 'confused, lost and scared', and they withdrew from friends at school.
Georgia also said they believed they had to 'stay silent' about what was happening.
Today Connell was jailed for nine years.
The abuse finally came to light in February last year when they confided in their mother, Jennifer, telling them they could not let them back into their family home.
Mrs Connell later told the court when giving evidence for the prosecution that Georgia was sobbing and physically shaking as they revealed what Connell had done.
The former pub manager denied the allegations, claiming they were 'wicked lies' made up after a row between themselves and their stepdaughter about the family home being untidy.
They were convicted of five offences of sexual activity with a child by majority verdicts of 10 to two.
Connell was also found guilty by 10 to two majority verdicts of eight sexual offence charges in relation to another child.
They were cleared of one further offence of sexual activity with a child and two of causing a child to engage in sexual activity.
Connell, of Sevenoaks, Kent, showed no emotion as the verdicts were announced.
(Image: KMG/SWNS.com)
Georgia killed themselves on March 17 shortly after Connell had been released on police bail.
They were re-interviewed after their death and described themselves as "heartbroken" by their allegations.
They told police they would usually give them a peck on the cheek to kiss their goodnight. But the abuse began when they told them to 'kiss them properly' and then put their tongue in their mouth.
Over several months they then progressed to touching their breasts both over and under their clothing. They also put their hand inside their pyjama bottoms and underwear to touch their private parts.
"I knew that it was wrong and I was just scared and didn't know what to do. That's when I was really confused," they told officers.
"I just didn't know what to do and couldn't tell anyone and just had to stay silent. That's when I started withdrawing from everyone.
"I started withdrawing from my friends. I was scared and wouldn't talk to them. My teachers would say 'There's something strange about Georgia' but I wouldn't tell anyone. I just became withdrawn."
The court heard the abuse stopped after Georgia told their mum they had seen someone taking a photo of them with a mobile phone while they were taking a shower.
They said they saw the device being held up to a clear glass window above the bathroom door for six seconds.
They also wrote about it in a journal and later told police they recognised both Connell's hand and the watch on their wrist.
Prosecutor Dominic Connolly told the jury that even though Georgia was dismissed by their mum as being 'ridiculous', it was enough to 'spook' Connell into thinking their stepdaughter might reveal their abuse of them and so they ended their perverted behaviour.
It was another two to three years before Georgia finally told them mum the full extent of what had happened and police were informed.
The court heard Georgia's suicide note was found with their coat near the train tracks.
They wrote: "I can't do this anymore. The stress from the current situation is too much to handle. 24/7 I feel guilty because of what happened.
"Make sure that bastard rots in Hell for what they have done.
"Mum, please call Dad (her natural father). Tell them everything but let them know how much I loved him.
"I miss our walks at the park and I miss him. I love you Dad."
Connell said they had only ever hugged and kissed Georgia on the cheek when saying goodnight to them 'in the way a father would hug a daughter'.
They described Georgia as a shy and timid girl but said they shared the same sense of humour and a 'very good, strong relationship'.
Giving evidence, Connell told the jury they never abused Georgia, and had no sexual interest in children.
They added that when their wife confronted him, it was they who said the police should be called.
Before the trial got underway, the judge, Recorder Peter Guest, told the jury of nine women and three men that they should not 'jump to the conclusion' that Connell was responsible for Georgia's death.
"You must keep an open mind, listen to the evidence, speeches and summing up before reaching any conclusions," they said.
In their account to police Georgia said: "He came to tuck me into bed and kissed me on the cheek.
"I said I was going to bed and went to roll over and they said 'No, kiss me properly'. They kissed me with their tongue and I tried to push them away.
"He then just got up and said goodnight and went down to Mum. They literally just put their tongue in my mouth.
"I was confused, I was quite scared as well. I was, like, lost. I didn't know that was sexual assault."
Georgia also spoke of how Connell progressed to touching them breasts.
"He would go to tuck me in and slide their hand up my shirt. I would try to push them away but they would put their hand on my breasts.
"Sometimes they touched me on top (of clothing) but mostly it was under."
Georgia said the sexual touching lasted up to three minutes before Connell would leave the room.
They later put their hand inside Georgia's pyjama bottoms and underwear to touch their private parts.
Asked by police how they reacted, the teenager replied: "I kind of stood there and froze. I didn't know what had just happened.
"I cried after. I stood there for a good 10 minutes thinking about what had happened and then I cried. I got scared."
ESPN senior writer John Clayton explains how a bold move by the Vikings to part ways with Adrian Peterson makes sense given their contract situation and the depth of this year's running back class. (0:55)
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- The road from Green Bay to Minneapolis -- a 278-mile trek along Wisconsin 29 and Interstate 94 -- is not a one-way route. A woman named Sheila who answered the phone at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation was nice enough to confirm that.
“There are two lanes eastbound and two lanes westbound,” they said.
A quick check of the flight schedule at Austin Straubel International -- yes Green Bay has an international airport -- shows direct flights both departing to and arriving from Minneapolis.
Yet based on the way former Green Bay Packers players end up with the Minnesota Vikings and not vice versa, it almost looks like one of those you-can't-get-there-from-here situations.
For a while, it seemed like an annual thing, the Vikings picking up someone from the Packers. Darren Sharper (2005), Ryan Longwell (2006), Robert Ferguson (2007), Greg Jennings (2013) and Desmond Bishop (2013) were among those who went directly from Green Bay to Minnesota.
Brett Favre, of course, made it there in 2009 after a one-year detour with the New York Jets.
The Vikings even claimed Brandon Bostick, one of the goats of the Packers' 2014 NFC Championship Game loss to Seattle, but they never played in a game for them.
Which brings us to Adrian Peterson, the All-Pro who could be at the end of their run with the Vikings. Peterson is due a $6 million roster bonus on the third day of the league year, March 11. If the Vikings pay that, they would be essentially committing to $18 million for Peterson in 2017; they have an $11.75 million base salary and a $250,000 workout bonus.
All signs suggest that if Peterson is to remain in Minnesota, it would have to be under different financial terms. If not, then the Vikings might have to cut their career rushing leader.
If it comes to that, maybe the Packers should finally explore an ex-Vikings player. And not just to get back at the Vikings for Favre.
There are a lot of ifs before any of that could happen, but lest anyone discounts the idea as completely ridiculous, there are a couple of reasons it's slightly less than totally nonsensical.
The Packers need a boost to their running game. Even though they like what converted receiver Ty Montgomery showed after their midseason position switch, he's the only halfback under contract for next season. It could come in the form of Eddie Lacy, who is headed toward free agency. The Packers are open to re-signing them for the right price, which is in the $2.5 million to $3 million range plus possibly incentives. But there's always the chance someone will offer them a much bigger contract and lure them away.
They have plenty of cap space available, more than $40 million projected after they released Sam Shields and James Starks last week, so if ever they were going to make a splash in free agency, they're well positioned to do it now.
General manager Ted Thompson has so many other needs to fill -- most of them on defense -- and they most likely will rely on the draft to do so. Boosting the running game with an established free agent makes some sense, but only at the right price.
Thompson thought pass-rusher Julius Peppers was worth a three-year, $26 million contract when the Bears cut them in 2014. Who knows what the market would be for Peterson, who turns 32 next month, especially after a season in which they played in only three games.
Like Peppers, Peterson no doubt would want to go to a Super Bowl contender. As much as Packers fans were irked by or made fun of Minnesota's penchant for picking up ex-Packers, think of how Vikings fans would feel about seeing Peterson reach a Super Bowl in a green-and-gold uniform. And speaking of the Super Bowl, next year it's at Minnesota's new U.S. Bank Stadium.
Staff Reporter
Education and awareness is the only way to bring a positive change in attitudes of individuals as well as society. National Commission for Human Development (NCHD) with other stakeholders on board is on a mission to empower women and children to become useful citizens with sources of earnings. The focus is on educational and training aspects including skill development. This was observed by chairperson NCHD Razina Alam Khan, while addressing to the Senior Management meeting, here today. They briefed the management about NCHD's plan of skill development, training programmes alongwith imparting education and viewed that the initiatives would provide employment opportunities to the illiterates by making them skillful.
Chairperson said that, being Muslims and under the Constitution of Pakistan we are under obligation to promote best interests of children by providing them access to equal opportunities without any discrimination. In our programmes we should ensure that children are being provided a conducive, healthy and protective environment for learning, they stressed. Checking the dropout of children from schools is another gigantic duty of us, they stressed.
Keeping in view the low literacy rate in the country NCHD adopted a two pronged approach to provide access to education i.e. Adult Literacy Programme for the mothers and Universal Primary Education through its Feeder Schools in the remote areas for the unprivileged children, they said. There are 5,949 formal feeder schools of NCHD functional all over the country with 355,000 enrollment alongwith 6000 adult functional literacy centers, they informed.
While talking about Pakistan being a signatory to the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC), Pakistan always remained at the fore front to advocate, protect and promote child rights. Our resolve towards child welfare continues to reflect in our state policies, they stated. They commended the efforts of Ministry of Human Rights for introducing the Criminal Law (Second Amendment) Act 2016, which clearly states harsh punishment for offences against children including exposure to child abuse and human trafficking.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Rolls-Royce is embracing its dark side. The British automaker is on a quest to expand its bespoke offerings, and the Black Badge cars are part of this journey. Now there are a handful of new members in the group and you can refer to them as the Adamas Collection.
There will be 40 Wraiths and 30 Dawns that receive the Adamas treatment. What that entails is a whole lot of darkness, and the results are stunning. Right away you'll find a Spirit of Ecstasy that's not the shining example of luxury you expect to find. Instead, the lovely lady has been machined from carbon fiber. This is the first time that Rolls has ever crafted its iconic leading woman in the light yet strong material. She's comprised of 294 layers of aerospace grade carbon fiber and it takes 68 hours for their form to take shape.
The main tone is black for the exterior skin as well, but the cars are finished with either an Aphrodite Red or Morpheus Blue contrasting hue. Once you step into the cabin, the darkness continues to envelop the soul of this Goodwood-built machine. Rolls-Royce has utilized laboratory diamonds to coddle the Black Badge infinity symbol inside the car. Overhead you'll find 1,340 fiberoptic lights to create another diamond pattern. For the first time, the overhead lamps use graded intensity that shades or highlights the pattern presented overhead.
A final luxurious touch occurs when one enters or exits the car. An illuminated sill plate reminds the owner that their vehicle is one of 30 or 40, depending on which model they've chosen.
As more and more premium and luxury features filter down to vehicles within the means of the proletariat, it's up to Rolls-Royce to continually push the true luxury bar ever higher. The Adamas Collection cars do that, and they do so with a delightfully sinister air.
Test Boost Elite millions of males international are affected by low libido hassle. As a end result, men aren't showing interest for lovemaking. it's miles developing lot of courting issues or even leading to divorce. women aged above forty years are unfastened from issues and commonly awareness on lovemaking. If their men are not capable of carry out in mattress and offer their stronger sexual satisfaction through lasting longer in bed, it creates displeasure in intercourse existence. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
LAHORE, Jan 2 (APP): Two semi-finals of the 63rd Zaitoon National Hockey Championship, scheduled for Tuesday (tomorrow), are likely to present contrasting flavours keeping in view the strength of the respective opponents, here at the National Hockey Stadium.
Defending champion PIA will face off with Wapda at 12 noon and National Bank of Pakistan will clash with SSGC at 2:30 pm.
Interestingly, the two semi-finals present contrasting scenarios and
quality hockey of higher brand will be witnessed during both the ties.
PIA and Wapda, both beaming with former and present stalwarts of the
game, have been billed a match of nerves and it is going to be the most exciting game of the event as per predictions of the fans of the game.
The two sides in the first encounter are very rich in experience and in
the present scenario much reliance will be on old guards of the game.
Wapda, in fact, has as many as three national captains including Fareed, who skippered Pakistan in their last international outing, Asian Champions Trophy. The other two are former captains both big names, Sohail Abbas, the legendary drag flicker, holds the world record for maximum international goals (348). Also, midfielder Waseem Ahmed has made the most international appearances for Pakistan (410). It was nice to see the 40-year-old Sohail Abbas in a very good physical condition. In these nationals, they had played for long periods in all the matches.
Likewise, the PIA, the two-time defending champions, also boasts off
a number of players who have played for Pakistan. Most of them appeared in the past and only a few appeared for Pakistan's national side in 2015.
Wapda team management comprising head coach, Muhammad Irfan Senior, Qamar Ibrahim and manager Shahid Ali Khan is quite confident to make it to the final and to perform a hat-trick of retaining the title.
The teams in the other semi-final are relatively young. NBP Pakistan has
eight members of Pakistan's under-21 squad. This national under-21 were given a lot of international exposure in 2016. Till only a couple of weeks ago, the team was in the final phase of preparation for the Junior World Cup; they were cruelly deprived of participation.
NBP coach Tahir Zaman who is also the head coach of Pakistan under-21 is confident of their side's success in the semi-final, setting aside the might of holders, the PIA.
Sui Southern Gas Company comprises of a few seniors and a greater number of age group internationals including players from Pakistan under-18 squad.
Hence, it should be a battle of the youth. The final will be played on January 4.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Nisar Ali will lead the Pakistan team in the 5th Edition of World Cup Cricket of the Blind (ODI format) to be staged in Pakistan and UAE from January 7 to 21, 2018.
The Pakistan Blind Cricket Council (PBCC) Monday announced an 18-member squad for the World Cup, said a PBCC press release issued here.
The team was announced by PBCC selection committee including Syed Muhammad Salman Tariq Bokhari (Chief Selector) and members Masood Jan and Ibrar Shah.
The players were selected by viewing their performance and physical fitness in the recent National Blind Cricket events and training camps that took place at Faisalabad and Okara.
The team includes Nisar Ali (captain), Amir Ishfaq (vice-captain), Riasat Khan, Sajid Nawaz, Zafar Iqbal, Muhammad Asif, Muhammad Ayyaz, Badar Munir, Haroon Khan, Mati Ullah, Anees Javed, Mohsin Khan, Muhammad Jamil, Muhammad Ejaz, Sana Ullah Marwat, Israr Hassan and Zeeshan Abbasi (playing manager).
The team officials to accompany the team include Abdul Razzaq (Coach), Masood Jan (Batting Coach), Tahir Mehmood Butt (Trainer) and Asif Azeem (Media Manager).
The owner of Yorkshire Bank has less than a week to make a former offer for Virgin Money, amid reports that it is set to increase its offer this week.
CYBG, which owns Yorkshire Bank and Clydesdale Bank, announced plans earlier this month to become the UK's leading challenger bank with the £1.6bn takeover of rival Virgin Money.
​CYBG has tabled a tentative takeover of Virgin Money, which is reviewing the proposal. ​​The ​Yorkshire​ Bank owner said the combination would create the UK's leading challenger bank offering both personal and SME customers a genuine alternative to the large incumbent banks.
CYBG said the Virgin Money brand would play a significant role in the combined group, with Virgin Money shareholders set to own around 36.5​ per cent​ of the new business.
The deal could mean a major payout for founder Sir Richard Branson whose Virgin Group holds a controlling stake in the lender. A formal offer must be tabled no later than 5pm on June 4.
EJF Investments (EJFI), which focuses on financial companies including regional banks, said both CYBG and Virgin Money - along with their rivals - have provided a welcome change to the UK banking landscape.
Genuine, much needed competition has been lacking from the sector due in part to the regulatory regime's one size fits all approach.
However, EJFI believes scale remains key, despite all we heard about large banks being "too big to fail" during and post the financial crash.
For new entrants, it appears that the only way to build meaningful market share is to have more market share in the first place. EJFI said this stifles true competition.
Peter Stage, CFO of EJF Investments, said CYBG's proposed merger with Virgin Money is largely a defensive move, provoked by a market and regulatory regime that requires scale in order to compete in the banking sector given the domination of the large UK banks.
They expect to see more transactions of this kind to take place, but that is not to say that the larger resulting entities could provide any material challenge to the large incumbents.
EJFI said that while the trend towards consolidation may be helpful in terms of giving challengers the ability to compete more effectively at the margins, regulators and politicians could consider initiatives to promote growth, innovation, and a more effective financial services sector.
For example, one avenue to reduce the current housing deficit could be to soften certain regulations around development finance products.
Hammad Khan, EJF Investments' senior managing director for Europe, said there is a real need for specific financing options that will help people buy houses, but this is also the case when it comes to building them too. Challenger banks can potentially play a vital role on both fronts, making our current housing market more efficient. These entities often have the required skills and focus to bring real change and innovation.
Mr Khan said another viable approach to improve the situation could be to hand more powers to UK regulators that reflect the regional diversity of the UK when considering how many capital banks need to set aside against their loans. They said European legislation renders this difficult at the moment, but that may change. Furthermore, a funding scheme could be created that allows smaller banks to get ahead of the massive advantages that larger banks currently have due to their domination of the current account market.
"We feel areas such as Yorkshire may benefit directly," said Mr Khan.
Mr Stage said US regulations place smaller banks in a much better place, meaning that they can better lend to local businesses and customers. US regulatory actions indicate that smaller banks are not a systemic threat.
"We can see the positive effect of this regime through the success of EJF Investments' approach," they said.
"Accordingly, EJF Investments is currently focused on opportunities in the US, but if smaller UK banks are given the help we feel is required to compete fairly, then local and regional economies like Yorkshire could be the ones that benefit the most."
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Decisions made at the approaching meeting of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) will show that U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital will not be easy to implement, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Sunday.
Turkey's President Tayyip Erdoğan meets with members of Muslim community in Komotini, Greece, December 8, 2017. Kayhan Ozer/Turkish Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
A spokesperson for Erdoğan on Wednesday had announced that the OIC would a hold an urgent meeting in Turkey on Dec. 13 to coordinate a response to the decision by the United States.
The OIC, established in 1969, consists of 57 member states with a Muslim majority or a large Muslim population.
“We explained to all our interlocutors that the United States' decision does not comply with international law, diplomacy or humanity,” Erdoğan said at a Justice and Development Party (AKP) assembly in Turkey's central province of Sivas, referring to phone calls they made to leaders including French President Emmanuel Macron and the Pope.
“With the roadmap we will create during the OIC meeting, we will show that the decision will not be easy to implement,” they said, adding that Turkey considers U.S. President Trump's Jerusalem announcement void.
The Arab League, in a statement issued after an emergency session in Cairo on Saturday, called the announcement a “dangerous violation of international law” and said it would seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move.
The Arab League, which consists of Arabic-speaking nations, currently has 22 active member states.
Trump's announcement has also upset U.S. allies in the West. At the United Nations, France, Italy, Germany, Britain and Sweden called on the United States to “bring forward detailed proposals for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement”.
Palestinians took to the streets after the U.S. announcement. Demonstrations also took place in Iran, Jordan, Lebanon, Tunisia, Somalia, Yemen, Malaysia and Indonesia, as well as outside the U.S. Embassy in Berlin.
BANGALORE, February 02 Reuters) - The following are the daily Cotton prices supplied by Indian based East India Cotton Association. The prices are in Indian Rupees per Candy (355.62 Kgs). ICS-101 40900 ICS-201 41400 ICS-102 30400 ICS-103 33600 ICS-104 36400 ICS-202 39600 ICS-105 35200 ICS-105 36600 ICS-105 40600 ICS-105 35900 ICS-105 37500 ICS-105 41000 ICS-105 39200 ICS-105 39700 ICS-105 39700 ICS-105 40300 ICS-105 40800 ICS-105 41700 ICS-106 42500 ICS-107 56000
Open-records disclosures can no longer include information on cybersecurity plans and vulnerabilities in Michigan.
Gov. Rick Snyder signed legislation Monday that allows for the exclusion of cybersecurity information shared with Michigan State Police and other government bodies. The changes cleared the Legislature in a bill sponsored by Republican Rep. Brandt Iden of Oshtemo earlier this month.
Supporters say the exemption reassures companies that sensitive information shared with officials in the event of a security breach does not surface in public-records requests under Michigan's Freedom of Information Act.
The exclusion also applies to requests that could trigger future security breaches. The Michigan Press Association opposes the curtailment, saying it allows for excessive exemption-taking.
Last week, the state announced that a recent audit found phishing vulnerabilities among its public employees.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Matt Bartmann
mbartmann@northfortynews.com
The vernal equinox, also known as the March equinox or spring equinox, falls on March 20 this year at 10:15 a.m. MDT (10:14:29, to be exact). Loosely translated, equinox means “equal night.” Equinoxes happen twice per year, the vernal in March and the autumnal in September, when the sun is exactly perpendicular to the rotational axis of the earth, causing the length of day and night to be almost the same.
Most importantly, the vernal equinox is the time of seasonal change from winter to spring!
There's nothing more '90s nostalgic than a heavy gloss and mood rings. Well, this product is all of that in one — sort of. Winky Lux's Disco Kitten Gloss changes colors as it sits on your lips. You know, so you can get your perfect color every single time. The pH balanced gloss is like your favorite throwback, but so much better.
The best part about growing up is finding beauty products that you used to love as a child. Winky Lux knows that, so it created the Disco Kitten Gloss. it goes on clear, no matter which shade you buy, and turns into your perfect pink right before your eyes.
According to the brand, the gloss will be available on the Winky Lux website on May 30 at 4pm EST, so you can have it all summer long.
Each shade will come in four different colors — orange, pink, blue, and green. No matter which one you get, you'll get your perfect pink though. That's not all you'll get, either. According to the brand, each gloss is "loaded with cosmic glitter." Basically it's everything that your favorite '90s gloss is, but so much more.
It comes in a clear twist-top tube, so you and all of your friends can see the glitter inside. Get your jelly shoes ready, because it's pretty much the '90s all over again.
Courtesy Winky Lux
There is one big difference between this gloss and the one you used to carry around in your mini handbag in the '90s — the price. This isn't you average $2 Lip Smackers, my friends. The Disco Kitty Gloss is $14 per tube. That's right smack dab in-between high-end and drugstore, so you're going to want to stock up.
One little ingredient makes the lip product go from clear to pink. According to Marie Claire, it's all because of "Red 27, a synthetic dye that reacts to the pH of your lips and accounts for the variation of color from person to person." This is far from the first pH-balancing lip tint, but it's deifnitely one of the most '90s out there.
You'll be able to stock up on as many as you want from the brand while they're still around. Although it's not branded as a limited edition item, this product won't be around for forever. You know what won't go out of style though? Finding the perfect pink for your lips. Winky Lux just made it easier to find.
Courtesy Winky Lux
This isn't the first time that the brand has launched a pH product, either. The very first color-changing product from the brand was the Flower Balm Lipstick. The brand created the perfect pink lipstick shade that looked clear, but reacted when it went on the lips. The lipstick has a little flower inside the gel, as the name suggests.
You can actually still shop the Flower Balm right now on the Winky Lux website. So you can stock up on both color changing products while you're shopping. Just like the new addition, the Flower Balm is also $14 per tube. That's a small price to pay for all the magic that goes on inside the tube. Of course, it also comes in the signature Winky Lux pill-shaped packaging.
The difference between Flower Bomb and Disco Kitty is, well, the application for one. While one is a bullet-shaped tube, the other is a gloss that goes on with an applicator. There's also the finish. Disco Kitty is a whole lot more wet-looking. Not to mention that it also has glitter in it.
Courtesy Winky Lux
The beauty world is a wonderful place, my friends. There are new creations every single day, so you might as well as embrace it while you can.
Theatre Wellesley is celebrating its 20th anniversary of “making theatre fun for everyone.” That is the driving force behind the work of the many volunteers who present an annual fall and spring show for the community. This spring they present Norm Foster's Old Love.
“The spring show focuses on a smaller cast. It is always a little different than usual,” said founding member and director Allan Strong. “Old Love is a touching and humorous story that everyone can relate to.”
The non-linear play presents flashbacks of the two main characters' interactions over 25 years. Bud has always had a crush on Molly, who was off limits because they were married to their boss. When circumstances change mid-life, Bud pursues the reluctant widow at their husband's funeral. Each tells their shared history through different perspectives as they look for love.
Al Cook plays the present-day Bud while Kevin Wakeman takes the role of the younger Bud, as well as a myriad of other characters. Lori Hoelscher tackles the challenging role of mid-life Molly, while Sasha West is the younger version, plus a host of other roles.
All members are veteran Theatre Wellesley actors and backstage workers. The group is very tight. Hoelscher is so engaged that they commute from Drayton and has acted or directed in seven, past productions.
“Once people get involved, they seem to stay involved,” said Strong. “We are a welcoming group and we work hard to put on a good show, but the whole intent is to have fun. We'll find space for just about anybody if they want to help out.”
The group expects to welcome sold out houses when they open on April 27. The first weekend's tickets are all but gone and the second weekend is selling quickly.
“The support from the community has been tremendous. We nearly sell out every show,” said Strong.
The show runs April 27 to May 6 at the Wellesley Public Library. Tickets are available at Pym's Village Market or by email at contact@theatrewellesley.com or by phone at 519-656-9247.
Auditions for the fall show will be held this June. Fifteen actors are needed for Inlaws, Outlaws and Other People Who Should Be Shot.
(Reuters) - India's Videocon Industries Ltd said on Tuesday it sold its entire stake in its joint venture with U.S.-based Liberty Mutual Insurance Group to Diamond Dealtrade Ltd and Enam Securities Pvt Ltd.
Videocon, which had a 51.32 percent stake in the venture, Liberty Videocon General Insurance Company Ltd, sold 26 percent stake to DP Jindal Group's Diamond Dealtrade and the remaining to Enam Securities.
The deal value was not disclosed.
The JV will change its name to Liberty General Insurance Company Ltd.
Videocon did not say why it exited the insurance business. However, it is one of the companies that are being taken to bankruptcy court by its lenders for resolution of debt.
Geneva
Kashmiri leaders have said that India is committing war crimes in occupied Kashmir and demanded a probe by International Criminal Court against the Indian crimes against humanity in the territory. Syed Faiz Naqshbanid, Shameem Shawl and Pervez Ahmad Shah while speaking at a seminar, held on the sidelines of 35th Session of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, cited the recent incident of tying a Kashmiri youth, Farooq Ahmad Dar, to an army jeep by Indian Major Gogoi Leetul as human shield in occupied Kashmir as a proof for initiation of a case against India's civil and military leadership in International Criminal Court. The interactive dialogue on Use of Human Shield in Conflicts was organized by Association for Protection of Women and Children Rights.
The leaders said that Indian army and police used civilians as human shield during raids and crackdowns in the territory. They deplored that instead of taking culprit Major Gogoi to task, they were awarded with medal by Indian top leadership. Syed Faiz Naqshbandi and others said that discovery of more than 6,000 graves in the occupied territory also testified the fact India was perpetrating war crimes in Kashmir.
The leaders said that a case against Narendra Modi should be initiated in the International Criminal Court the way it was initiated against the butchest of Bosnian Muslims, Radovan Karadžiæ, Serb former politician and convicted war criminal. They said that a UNHRC team should be sent to the occupied territory to collect facts about war crimes committed by the Indian army. Others who addressed the seminar included Wahabdeen, Secretary General of Human Rights (France) and Professor Dr Mehmet Sukru Guzel, representative of CAPAJ (Switzerland).
Meanwhile, in another event held on the sidelines of the UNHRC session in Geneva observed that the atmosphere prevailing in the conflict-torn Indian occupied had affected all the spheres of human activity. Speakers on the occasion said that the backbone of Kashmir economy which was tourism, fruit industry and cottage industry had been invariably affected.
The seminar was organized by Ihraam on Freedom of Expression and the panel comprised Professor Alfred dZyas, Anvil Alosaidi, Leon Kaulahao, Professor Nazir Ahmad Shawl and Barrister Abdul Majeed Tramboo.—KMS
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tax overhaul bill passed by the U.S. Senate Finance Committee would lift economic growth enough to generate an additional $1.8 trillion in revenue over 10 years, more than enough to offset revenue lost from a cut in taxes, the Treasury Department estimated on Monday.
United States money printing plates are seen at the Museum of American Finance in New York October 15, 2010. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
In a summary analysis of a white paper, the Treasury Department said it based its estimate on a presumed 0.7 percentage point increase to the U.S. economy's annual growth rate.
The Treasury Department's estimate compares to an analysis from the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation that suggested quicker growth spurred by the tax-cut plan would yield an additional $408 billion in revenue.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia — France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup.
"Well, that was a good year for them to be born, even if they didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup," joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. "I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen."
?It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defence anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium.
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16.
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away.
"It's flattering to be the second one since Pele," said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. "But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category."
This is France's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called "Rainbow Team" from a multicultural France.
"In a World Cup you have the top-level players," said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. "So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup."
After three lacklustre games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defence. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Aircraft parts maker Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc reported a 13.5 percent rise in quarterly profit on Friday, and said it had increased share repurchase authorization up to $1 billion.
Spirit Aero's net income rose to $122.8 million, or $1.07 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $108.2 million, or 89 cents per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned $1.32 per share.
Total revenue rose 9.2 percent to $1.71 billion. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Bid on great items to enrich Menlo-Atherton High School through 3/25
Community members, along with M-A families, are invited to participate in the M-A Foundation for the Future's online auction going on now. Proceeds from the auction will fund teacher salaries to enable smaller class sizes in core subjects, add electives and AP classes, and provide additional guidance counselors.
Some popular items up for bid include:
· Two tickets and trip to see a taping of The Voice in LA
· Rosewood Serenity Spa and overnight package for 2
· College prep package from AJ Tutoring
· Sharks and Giants games tickets
· Throw first pitch at an A's game
You can browse all the items here.
You may also participate in the Foundation's Fund a Need program, which is committed to raising $45,000 to purchase computers for the school's Digital Media Arts lab.
The auction runs from through Sunday, March 25 at 9:00pm.
Claire Meddock, 21, stands on a toppled Confederate statue on Mondayin Durham, N.C. Activists on Monday evening used a rope to pull down the monument outside a Durham courthouse. The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Va, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove their car into a group of counterprotesters. (Photo: Jonathan Drew / AP)
As a descendant of Civil War soldiers who wore both the blue and the gray, a Kentucky mayor said he's taking their own stand — marshaling support to remove two Confederate statues from prominent spots in their city.
Violence that erupted over the weekend at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, added momentum to a wave of efforts across the South to remove or relocate Confederate monuments.
Lexington, Kentucky, Mayor Jim Gray moved up their announcement in reaction to the bloodshed, which saw a vehicle plow into a group of counter-protesters, killing one woman. The memorials to John C. Breckinridge and John Hunt Morgan are perched outside a former courthouse that was the site of slave auctions before the Civil War.
“It's just not right that we would continue to honor these Confederate men who fought to preserve slavery on the same ground as men, women and even children were once sold into a life of slavery,” Gray said in a YouTube video Sunday. “Relocating these statues and explaining them is the right thing to do.”
A crowd in Durham, North Carolina, used a rope to topple a statue of a Confederate soldier Monday evening outside an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices. Seconds after the monument fell, protesters — some white, some black — began kicking the crumpled bronze monument as dozens cheered and chanted.
“I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols,” said protester Isaiah Wallace, who is black.
Removing Confederate monuments is complicated in Tennessee, where lawmakers enacted a law last year that made any push to remove historical markers harder.
That didn't stop dozens of protesters from gathering in the Tennessee Capitol on Monday to renew calls to remove a bust of Nathan Bedford Forrest, a Confederate cavalry general and an early leader of the Ku Klux Klan. Protesters draped a black jacket over the head of the bust while cheering, “Tear it down!”
Republican Gov. Bill Haslam later said they didn't think Forrest should be honored at the Capitol.
State lawmakers responded to a previous push to remove the bust in the aftermath of the slaying of nine black churchgoers in South Carolina by passing the Tennessee Heritage Protection Act. The 2016 law requires that two-thirds of Tennessee Historical Commission members agree to change or remove historical markers, up from a simple majority.
In Memphis, Tennessee, city attorney Bruce McMullen said Monday that they plan to file a petition to remove a statue of Forrest from a park.
The Memphis City Council voted in 2015 to relocate the statue, but the state historical commission blocked the move under the Heritage Protection Act.
The statue is at a park where the Sons of Confederate Veterans celebrate Forrest's birthday each year, with men and women dressed in Civil War-era garb and waving Confederate flags. The remains of Forrest and their wife are buried under the statue. The city has said it wants to move the remains to a cemetery.
The violence in Charlottesville has spurred debates and action on the fate of Confederate memorials elsewhere across the South.
In Florida, sounds of a jackhammer echoed in downtown Gainesville as workers tore out the foundation of a Confederate statue known as “Old Joe” in front of the Alachua County Administration Building, The Gainesville Sun reported Monday.
The monument will be returned to a chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy — the same group that erected it in 1904.
Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh said they have contacted two contractors about removing that city's Confederate monuments.
In Louisville, Kentucky, a statue of a Confederate officer was splattered with orange paint. Police said no suspects have been identified. Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer announced Monday that a panel will review the city's public art and make a list of places linked to bigotry, racism or slavery.
Elsewhere in Kentucky, an NAACP leader said the group will step up efforts to remove a statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis from the state Capitol Rotunda in Frankfort.
“He was a traitor,” said the activist, Raoul Cunningham.
In Lexington, meanwhile, Gray proposes moving the statues to a veterans' park, and wants to add two Union memorials there — to symbolize Kentucky's divided allegiance during the Civil War.
Gray said they understand the value of preserving history, noting that they grew up hearing stories of their great-great uncles who fought at the Battle of Shiloh — two for the Union and one for the Confederacy.
But they said “it's time to stand up for what's right. Let's remember what our country is all about — liberty, freedom and justice for all. And that means for everyone.”
Associated Press Writer Adrian Sainz in Memphis, Tennessee and Jonathan Drew in Durham, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uJ5MKI
In years past, you may have seen various projects online where artists turn kids' drawings into 3D art or animation. In this video, Bob of I Like to Make Stuff, turns one of their son's robot drawings into a really cool 3D printed toy. You can obviously use this technique to transform any 2D art into a 3D object.
Bob scans the image into their computer and then uses Fusion 360 to turn the drawing into a 3D object. They then prints the parts on their 3D printer, finishes and paints them. The joy (and the hug) they get from their son when they surprise them with the finished toy is worth the price of admission.
There are some good tips in this video, too. Bob finishes the model using several sanded coats of automotive filler primer for a nice, smooth, and fairly durable finish. They also keep the tolerances on the pegged joints really tight so that they can sand to just the right amount of friction for a nice, snug fit.
ISLAMABAD, April 18 (APP): Minister for Inter-Provincial Coordination
Riaz Hussain Pirzada Tuesday informed the Senate that 1,056 government accommodations had been allotted to non-entitled persons in Islamabad and other stations.
During question Hour in the House, the minister said no allotment had been made by the Ministry of Housing and Works to any private person.
Riaz Pirzada said at present 22,932 federal government employees at Islamabad and other stations were registered on general waiting list.
To a question, the minister said payment schedule had been issued with provisional offer letters to 1,942 registered members under membership Drive Phase-I of the Federal Government Employees Housing Foundation (FGEHF) in Green Enclave-I Housing Scheme at Bhara Kahu.
The minister said the schedule of payment was issued to the allottees and the possession of the plots would be handed over to them after the completion of development work. It would take about three years for completion once it was started, they added.
In a written reply, Minister for Housing and Works Akram Khan Durrani said that no such decision had been taken by the government to develop Sector F-14 on priority basis while ignoring others.
They said presently, the land in sector F-14 was being acquired through LAC and the development work would be started after the land was vacated by the local inhabitants of the area.
The minister said the Housing Foundation had started handing over of plots in sub-sectors G-14/2 and 3. So far possession had been handed over to 380 allottees last year and 313 this year in the sub-sectors.
They said it was pertinent to mention that the development of those two sub-sectors was going on and those allottees, who cleared their dues as well as paid all the development charges, were being given possession of their plots in there.
Akram Durrani said in the sector G-14/1, the survey of Build-Up- Properties (BUPs) was going on. However, in some areas of sub-sector G-14/1, access was not being granted to survey teams by the local residents of the area. Hence, the assessment of BUPs had been completed through GIS technology.
A few months ago, I wrote a satirical tweet about sex education: “I sympathize with those who fear that sex ed will sexualize kids. Our youngest studied WWI on a Monday; by Friday he'd invaded Belgium.” The remark received an extraordinary 220,000 “likes” and 81,000 retweets. In other words, a lot of people support sex education and realize that opposition to it is often based on misunderstanding.Unfortunately, much of the resistance to teaching schoolchildren about sex and sexuality comes from Christians, and the general view out there is that all Christians fall into this camp. It's not true, of course, but it's an entirely understandable conclusion. Because in Ontario and Alberta, where new curricula have been or will be implemented, conservative Roman Catholics and evangelicals have joined together with some in the Muslim and Sikh communities to present an organized opposition.I've reported on several of the demonstrations against the Ontario curriculum, and while I'm sure many of the people present were well-meaning, I was shocked by the anger and hysteria, the number of homophobic comments and placards, and the general ignorance of what is actually taught in schools.Many church people assume that sex education is a form of indoctrination, introducing all sorts of strange and perverse ideas at far too early an age. This is nonsense. The classes are more about explaining to young people that there is no need to feel guilty or ashamed about their feelings, including samesex attraction. Learning this can be not only life-changing but also life-saving.There's something else that flies in the face of those claiming, grotesquely, that sex ed is somehow about grooming kids for abuse by pedophiles. A good, thorough and modern sex education tells children that they own their bodies and always have the right to say no. It empowers them to recognize and report abuse and exploitation. So it's jarring that Christians, who should care deeply about children's safety, would often be so opposed.The reasons, I believe, are based more on fear and culture than on love and faith. Change can be frightening, and I too am sometimes surprised, even shocked, at how rapidly society has transformed. But Christ called for revolution rather than complacency, and we have to be able to let go of the past and rejoice as the world is made anew.Sex has long been a great taboo in many religious circles. We have assumed, wrongly, that there is something sinful about a healthy and open attitude to sex and sexuality. Parents are a vital part of their children's education, but on the subject of sex, they have frequently failed to do an adequate job. Schools are there not to contradict but to help mothers and fathers, and ultimately to help children. In a few years, we will wonder what all the fuss was about. Until then, let's be a little more trusting, optimistic and — yes — faithful.
Jan 7, 2018; Beverly Hills, CA - Helen Mirren during the 75th Golden Globe Awards at the Beverly Hilton (Photo:: Paul Drinkwater/NBC Handout via USA TODAY NETWORK)
Winchester – Rated PG-13
Inspired by true events. On an isolated stretch of land 50 miles outside of San Francisco sits the most haunted house in the world. Built by Sarah Winchester, (Academy Award (R)-winner Helen Mirren) heiress to the Winchester fortune, it is a house that knows no end. Constructed in an incessant twenty-four hours a day, seven day a week mania for decades, it stands seven stories tall and contains hundreds of rooms. To the outsider it looks like a monstrous monument to a disturbed woman's madness. But Sarah is not building for herself, for their niece (Sarah Snook) or for the troubled Doctor Eric Price (Jason Clarke) whom they have summoned to the house.  They are building a prison, an asylum for hundreds of vengeful ghosts, and the most terrifying among them have a score to settle with the Winchesters…
Critics: 10% like
Blake: when I first learned about this movie coming out, I was intrigued, because a family friend from many years ago did carpentry work at the Winchester house and told my parents strange stories about their time there. However, my trusted sources told me there are much better uses of my time, like trimming my toe nails, doing laundry, or putting lubricant on my garage door wheels, versus watching this movie. I took their advice! When only (3) respected critics to take the time to review a movie and only 10% like it, I reach for my clippers, detergent, and lubricant. Onward!
Bilal: A New Breed Of Hero – Rated PG-13
A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with their sister and taken to a land far away from home. Thrown into a world where greed and injustice rule all, Bilal finds the courage to raise their voice and make a change. Inspired by true events, this is a story of a real hero who earned their remembrance in time and history.
Critics: 50% like
Blake: my trusted sources say this Muslim faith based animation which comes from true events, has good intentions, but lacks cohesiveness, developed characters, entertainment value, and the level of animation most are accustomed to today. 2 of 5 stars.
Not a good weekend for new movies and if you haven't seen The Post, Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle, or Hostiles, those are highly recommended versus the above.
Enjoy a movie this weekend!
A broker reacts while trading at their computer terminal at a stock brokerage firm in Mumbai, June 29, 2015.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Indian markets are closed on Tuesday for a public holiday. Trading will resume on Wednesday.
The broader NSE Nifty rose 0.86 percent on Monday, its biggest one-day percentage gain since July 10, while the benchmark BSE Sensex gained 0.75 percent.
The benchmark 10-year note rose 2 basis points to 6.52 percent on Monday, while the rupee ended at 64.12 per dollar, largely unchanged from its previous close of 64.13.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in the US are launching the biggest security operation in Super Bowl history for today's showdown between the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots.
Authorities have said they are "ready for anything" with measures stepped up in the wake of last year's mass shooting in Las Vegas.
Black Hawk helicopters and fighter jets will enforce a 30-mile no fly zone around the stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota on Sunday.
The Department for Homeland Security has designated the event 'Level 1' status amid reports it will be 'the most secure place in the world'.
Police officers have been drafted in from all over the country to help as up to one million people are expected in the city over the weekend.
(Image: AFP)
The National Football League's championship game is one of the biggest sporting events in the world and those planning to be anywhere near the game venue of U.S. Bank Stadium can expect plenty of security.
Bomb-sniffing dogs , police patrols, helicopters and a massive chain-link and concrete fence surrounding the stadium are among the many measures in place.
“We are absolutely ready for anything that may come our way,” Minneapolis Police Commander Scott Gerlicher, whose department is overseeing security, told a news conference on Wednesday.
“We hope it's just cold weather and that's it.”
(Image: AFP)
The Super Bowl is being held four months after a mass shooting at a Las Vegas music festival, when a 64-year-old American opened fire from their 32nd-floor hotel room, killing at least 58 people and wounding some 500.
Those in charge of securing the Super Bowl did not specify how the Las Vegas incident altered their approach to securing Sunday's game but did acknowledge that changes were made.
“We do take into account every incident that happens and we do make changes to our plans,” said NFL Chief Security Officer Cathy Lanier.
(Image: AFP)
“Those specific changes we are not going to talk about here but rest assured that those adjustments were made.”
For the past two years authorities have conducted over 200 security assessments of the critical infrastructure and surrounding areas in addition to training for everything from active shooters and bombings.
This year's Super Bowl will be the first where there will be remote satellite checkpoints, offering ticketholders the option to go through indoor screening at the Mall Of America before taking a free train to get inside the security perimeter.
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Authorities are also asking those attending the game to play an active role in the security process, urging anyone who sees anything suspicious to report it.
“Obviously due to its size and its scope it is and can be an attractive target,” U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told a news conference.
“We don't have any credible or specific threat intel but we will continue to actively monitor channels with our international partners.”
Last week, news emerged that Vanessa Trump filed for divorce from their husband of 12 years. Now, reports indicate that Donald Trump Jr. and Aubrey O'Day supposedly had an affair that began during the taping of season five of Celebrity Apprentice in 2011. And little did everyone know, a hint about the supposed affair could've been lurking on Twitter all along. Bustle has reached out to both Trump Jr. and O'Day for comment, but has not yet received a response.
O'Day is a singer and songwriter who first became well known after being chosen to be a part of the band Danity Kane on Making the Band 3. Us Weekly reported that a source close to O'Day said that the supposed affair reportedly began in 2011, when O'Day was a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice, and ended in March 2012. The outlet also reported that O'Day appeared to hint that they had a secret related to the Trumps in a tweet they wrote shortly after the 2016 presidential election.
According to Us Weekly, when Trump was elected, O'Day wrote (in a tweet that now appears to be deleted), “I'm embarrassed to be an American." Then, according to the magazine, in response to people asking why they didn't speak out against Trump when they were on Celebrity Apprentice, O'Day tweeted, "No. my story I didn't tell is worth millions now … this doesn't hurt me, it hurts America.” The tweets have since been deleted.
In addition to their perhaps revelatory tweet, some are also speculating that O'Day may have written a song about Trump Jr. According to Jezebel, O'Day released a song in 2013 entitled "DJT" that appears to be about a relationship that did not end well. The publication points out that the letters could stand for anything, though they happen to be Trump Jr.'s initials.
Trump Jr. and their wife, Vanessa, announced their divorce last week. The Trump Organization shared a statement related to the couple's split on March 15:
After 12 years of marriage, we have decided to go our separate ways. We will always have tremendous respect for each other and our families. We have five beautiful children together and they remain our top priority. We ask for your privacy during this time.
Trump Jr. is not a part of their father's presidential administration. However, as the New York Times reported, they were highly involved in their father's 2016 campaign. The paper also reported that Trump Jr. has recently received a great deal of attention because they have been a focus of part of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into the alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia (ties which President Trump vehemently denies).
As the Times reported, Mueller has been looking into a June 2016 meeting held at Trump Tower between a Russian lawyer and members of the Trump campaign. According to the Times, Trump Jr. had allegedly agreed via email to the meeting after they were promised that the lawyer would provide them with sensitive information about then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
During an opening statement delivered to some members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Trump Jr. denied that any type of collusion with Russian officials occurred, saying, "I did not collude with any foreign government and do not know of anyone who did ..." They also indicated that they had been skeptical of the email they received in which it was reveled that someone had “official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary [Clinton] and their dealings with Russia." Trump Jr. noted that their "skepticism was justified" and that the meeting with the Russian lawyer "provided no meaningful information."
Trump Jr.'s meeting with the Russian lawyer received a great deal of public attention. Now, news of their impending divorce, as well as allegations of an affair with O'Day, have drawn further attention to the president's eldest son. The Trump administration has thus far not commented on the allegations, though many will likely be watching to see if it continues to remain mum on the issue.
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment.
The sentencing phase of Roof's trial begins Tuesday in Charleston. They could face the death penalty.
With Roof representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. The 22-year-old said they plan to call no witnesses or introduce any evidence.
Prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church.
Even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon. The federal government hasn't carried out a death sentence since 2003.
Colombia vs England: Post-match analysis and what's next for England
bibhash brahma FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 56 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:24 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Under the management of Gareth Southgate, the England football team is not only playing good football but also with confidence. This is a major difference from the England team of the past managers. With the Premier League being one of the biggest leagues in the world, expectations were huge for the past England teams. And the fact that fans expected more from the golden generation of English players. But now, it is rather different than from the past. With a better plan and game tactics from the manager, this English squad is performing better day by day.
Last night, England defeated the Colombian team in the penalty shoot-out, breaking the 22-year-old jinx of not winning a single World Cup knock out match that went to a penalty shoot-out. Though it seemed as a relief for the players and fans, moreover, it is a victory worth fantasising about a possible World Cup win.
Colombia v England - FIFA World Cup 2018 - Round of 16 - Spartak Stadium
Colombia vs England analysis
Although deprived of their talismanic player James Rodriguez, Colombia threatened the England defence when they got chances. Behind Falcao in the attack, Juan Quintero was brilliant on the ball and always looking for the forward passes. The fact that the England defence comprising of Kyle Walker, John Stones and Harry Maguire did not even faze the Colombian attack made it a gem to watch. The calmness of all the defenders and the goalkeeper made it look very like a different England team than we are used to. Along with the exciting attack headed by the brilliant Harry Kane, this England did not put a foot wrong during the whole match. The nerves were already visible on the players' faces during the penalty shoot-out, but they ultimately got away with the win. This brings us to the point of how brilliantly Gareth Southgate planned for the team as a whole and not only their captain Harry Kane.
Who's next for England?
Next up for England will be the pragmatic and hard-working Swedish team. They don't have Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but they do have the team spirit of winning at all cost. The Sweden team do not have a striker of Harry Kane's calibre or the youth of Dele Alli, but what they do have is the grit and experience anyone needs to win. There is no doubt that Gareth Southgate will want their attackers to be composed against the experienced and brilliant Swedish defence.
Conclusion
With the brilliant attacking players and a resolute and confident defence, there is no reason as to why this generation of England team can't win this World Cup. Under the tutelage of Gareth Southgate, this England team is capable of winning a major tournament in the near future, if not this World Cup.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gold prices inched down early on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data due later in the day as traders looked for guidance on the course of monetary policy for the remainder of the year. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold dipped 0.1 percent to $1,346.90 per ounce at 0109 GMT, and has fallen 0.1 percent so far this week. * U.S. gold futures were up 0.2 percent at $1,350.60 per ounce. * Traders are looking to the U.S. government's jobs report on Friday. Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent. * Stronger-than-expected jobs data, lower unemployment and higher wages would signal strength in the economy, and could in turn strengthen the dollar and pressure gold, analysts say. * The U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged on Wednesday but raised its inflation outlook and flagged "further gradual" rate increases. * A survey on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, supporting expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy. * Sibanye-Stillwater said on Thursday that over 1,000 miners were stuck underground at its Beatrix gold mine in South Africa after a storm knocked out power, but they were not in danger. * India said on Thursday it expected economic growth to surge above 8 percent as it announced a 2018/19 budget that allocated billions of dollars for rural infrastructure and unveiled a health insurance programme for around 500 million poor. * Gold consumption in China grew by 9.41 percent from the previous year to 1,089 tonnes in 2017, state television CCTV reported on Thursday, citing figures from the China Gold Association. * Acacia Mining has spent $2 million to lock in the option to sell 120,000 ounces of its gold output at $1,320 an ounce, hedging against lower prices to offset the impact of a government ban on concentrate exports. * U.S. fund investors cashed out of cash funds and stocked up on stocks in the latest week, ignoring a setback in markets and taking on more risk, Lipper data showed on Thursday. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 1000 Euro zone Producer prices Dec 1330 U.S. Nonfarm payrolls Jan 1330 U.S. Unemployment rate Jan 1445 U.S. ISM-New York index Jan 1500 U.S. Factory orders Dec (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Pullin)
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parenting favourite Boots has just slashed the prices on hundreds of their baby products, including clothes, bottles, pushchairs, and even baby food.
Whether you're looking to try out a new brand or are just after some of the inevitable nappies, all things baby seem to be on sale right now at the high street retailer.
We've rounded up our favourite offers below.
The deals are both online and in store and will apparently last until the 22nd May.
2 for £9 on Pampers Premium Protection nappies
(Image: B&M)
As all parents know - you can never have too many nappies! All the Premium Protection packs are on offer at the minute. You'll thank yourself in the future when you're back down to the last few!
Save 1/3 on all Aveeno Baby
Aveeno is well known for its healing powers, with soothing oats at the core of its work - but it usually comes with a hefty price tag.
Half Price on Tommee Tippee 6 pack bottles
(Image: Boots)
Pick up some discounted essentials with this Tommee Tippee set, with the deal applying to an array of different colours and styles.
Free Ella's Kitchen mini cook book when you spend £10 on all Ella's Kitchen*
Weaning the little ones is always a difficult time, but for some reason, every baby seems to wolf down Ella's Kitchen sachets. Which is good, because they contain a fair bit of nutrients - and are great for on the go.
Save £20 on Joie Pact Lite Stroller (available online only)
(Image: Boots)
If you're shopping the sale online, you'll get access to £20 off this high-rated pushchair, which comes in two different colours.
Google's new Google Home Max speaker went up for sale Monday morning: The $399 smart speaker, which was first unveiled in October, is now available for sale at Best Buy and Verizon stores as well as via Google's online shop.
Google built the Home Max not only as a bigger and louder version of its original Google Home speaker, but also added what the company calls smart sound capabilities. This means that the speaker automatically measures the acoustic qualities of a room, and adjusts its audio output accordingly.
To do so, Google trained its machine learning algorithms on thousands of rooms in people's homes. And as the device gets bought by consumers and placed in new environments, it will continue to improve over time.
That's similar to what Apple is doing with its HomePod speaker, which the company first introduced in June. Apple had originally planned to ship the HomePod this month as well, which mean that it would have directly competed with the Google Home Max during the busiest shopping season of the year. However, in November, Apple announced that it was delaying the launch of the HomePod until early 2018.
Google introduced the original Google Home as its first voice-controlled smart speaker last year. In addition to the Google Home Max, it also launched a budget-priced Google Home Mini speaker this year. A job offer recently revealed that the company is already working on next-generation Google Home hardware, which will likely feature multi-touch input.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has hinted that Alexis Sanchez is earning even more than £600,000-a-week at Manchester United.
The forward swapped the Emirates for Old Trafford last month after United blew rivals Manchester City out of the water with their reported wage offer.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan moved in the opposite direction before Arsenal also signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund.
And during a Q&A session for the club's executive box holders, Wenger pointed to the ceiling as if to signify Sanchez's contract was worth even more than has been reported.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The Frenchman also admitted they made a £60m mistake not selling the Chilean last summer.
Wenger insisted if they “had their time again” then they would have allowed Sanchez to join Manchester City after they made a mega bid on deadline day last August.
Wenger was careful not to use the word regret but suggested it was difficult to keep an unhappy player.
It comes in the week Leicester's Riyad Mahrez went AWOL after missing out on a move to Manchester City.
Wenger admitted that they should have sold Sanchez because their contract was running down but said they were determined to bring in a replacement and ran out of time to sign Monaco's Thomas Lemar.
(Image: REUTERS)
Sanchez endured an unhappy four months at Arsenal after being made to stay at the Emirates and Wenger pointed to their drop in goals and assists compared to the previous season as to why the gamble to keep them backfired.
Wenger also left the room wondering about their own future as they evaded questions as to whether they would remain in charge for the final year of their contract.
But Wenger, 68, insisted they were focused on reaching the Champions League through the Premier League and claimed it would be tough to do via the Europa League.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – A Wayne High School teacher has been suspended after reports of an “inappropriate relationship” with a student, according to our partners in news at ABC 21.
The investigation began earlier this week, and the educator was suspended with pay.
Fort Wayne Community Schools learned of the alleged actions by an unidentified male teacher.
An FWCS spokesperson told ABC 21 that all necessary precautions were being taken to conduct a thorough search, and no criminal charges or additional disciplinary actions have been taken at this time.
A meteor shower could be visible from the UK this weekend with dozens of shooting stars streaking across the sky.
The Draconid meteor shower spawns from the comet 21P/Giacobini-Zinner, which rounds the Sun every 6.6 years, and occurs every year in October.
The best way to observe meteors is with the naked eye
On Saturday and Sunday, there is a reasonable chance of Earth passing through a swarm of debris left in the comet's wake, leading to meteors which appear as bright shooting stars when they enter the atmosphere and burn up.
The meteor shower is most likely to be visible in the direction of the constellation of Draco, the Dragon, in the northern sky, just after nightfall.
The best way to observe meteors is with the naked eye rather than through binoculars or a telescope.
A second meteor shower, the Orionids, will also take place later this month, peaking on October 21.
Another innovation from Unibank
2017-04-18 13:22 | www.trend.az | 1
Unibank has come up with another banking innovation – a Unibank Mobile BUSINESS app is developed for unincorporated entrepreneurs. Customers can now manage their accounts anywhere and at any time. The app provides the 24-hour control of accounts and gives the remote access to other banking services – no need to call to the bank.
Below is the list of the services available thanks to the new app:
- Management of card and current accounts
- Getting any card, loan, deposit and account information
- Card account and current account statements
- Transferring money to cards, accounts and to other clients of the bank
- Payment of loans, utility fees and other charges
- Getting the whereabouts of any branch, payment terminal or ATM of the bank
- Updates about the FX rates, banking innovations and campaigns
- The option to contact the bank at any time round the clock
The functionality of the app will be expanded in the nearest future. Unibank is building a platform to enable tax and customs duty, Social Protection Fund fee and insurance premium payments.
You can register in the app at the Unibank branches and using your Asan Imza.
The Unibank Mobile BUSINESS is available for iOS and Android. Download it to your tablet or smartphone at (http://onelink.to/ffdbwf) and rid yourself of routine.
For details please call us at (012) 117, visit our website (www.unibank.az) or Facebook page (www.facebook.com/unibank.az) or Twitter (https://twitter.com/unibank)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paris Saint-Germain posted a very festive picture of their stars on Sunday - but the snap was missing one major star.
Les Parisiens followed up their 3-1 victory over Lille with a trip to Disneyland for their Christmas dinner. While there, the whole squad posed for a photo alongside Mickey and Minnie Mouse and Goofy.
"#ParisSaintGermain enjoying the Magic of Christmas season at #DisneylandParis," PSG captioned on the photo.
But fans quickly noticed world record signing Neymar was not among pals Kylian Mbappe and Lucas Moura wearing Mickey's gloves.
(Image: Instagram/k.mbappe)
"Where's Neymar?" several followers commented .
According to earlier reports the 25-year-old jetted off to Brazil to attend a family emergency.
(Image: Bongarts)
The former Barcelona man has boarded a plane back to their native country with the blessing of PSG, according to RMC Sport.
Neymar has apparently been granted three days leave by the French champions, after which they will be expected to return to training.
It is likely the forward will miss their side's French Cup clash against Strasbourg.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Avista Corp:
* AVISTA CORP. BOARD INCREASES COMMON STOCK DIVIDEND
* AVISTA - DECLARED QUARTERLY DIVIDEND OF $0.3725 PER SHARE ON COMMON STOCK, INCREASE OF $0.015 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CLAIM
82-year-old William DeLisle was sentenced to death in California for shooting dead a Muslim man who was attacking him.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
The “satirical” web site Ladies of Liberty attempted to drum up religious and ethnic hatred with a fabricated story published on 10 December 2017:
82-year-old William DeLisle of Marina Del Ray, California, has been sentenced to death for defending themselves against a life-threatening situation. In October of 2015, DeLisle was walking home from the local senior center when they were ambushed by a pair of young Muslims. …Prosecutors said that because the two men were unarmed and using threats instead of actually hurting DeLisle meant that there was no imminent danger and that the use of deadly force was “extreme and unnecessary”… Religious persecution? How much you want to bet if the tables were turned and an elderly Muslim killed two Christian men trying to mug them he'd get a medal from the Governor of California?
We found no mention of a “William DeLisle,” “Abdi Nadjeer Hallalla” or “Mustif Salabu” in any corroborating news report. The photograph included in the article actually shows Marshall Dion, who was convicted in Boston on drug trafficking and money laundering charges, and sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2016.
Nor were there any reports of Muslim men attacking elderly Christians. The article is a cynical attempt to capitalize on fear and religious hatred.
One clue that the article is fake is the claim that DeLisle “stormed the beach at Normandy as a young man.” They would have to have been a very young man indeed, given that the D-Day landings took place 73 years ago – when “William DeLisle” was just nine years old.
Like everything published by Ladies of Liberty, this article is fabricated. A disclaimer on the website reads:
Everything on this website is fiction. It is not a lie and it is not fake news because it is not real. If you believe that it is real, you should have your head examined. Any similarities between this site's pure fantasy and actual people, places, and events are purely coincidental and all images should be considered altered and satirical.
The site appears to be affiliated with a network of fake news and satire web sites run by Christopher Blair, who uses a number of pseudonyms and is behind the Last Line of Defense, FreedumJunkshun and Reagan Was Right, among other web sites.
Spoiler alert: DAMN. opens with Kendrick Lamar narrating their own shooting death at the hands of a blind assailant. This seems to be a tradition amongst Los Angeles rappers: Lamar's most obvious predecessor, Ice Cube, rapped about dying at least three times on their first two albums. The shared message from both artists is that violent ends can arrive unexpectedly, especially if you're young, black and male.
It's no coincidence that Lamar decided to release DAMN. on Good Friday, a day meant to mark the death of the righteous at the hands of tyrants. Lamar isn't a Christian rapper in the conventional sense — their songs aren't in explicit exaltation of Their glory — and though DAMN. is redolent with Biblical references, the temperament is decidedly Old Testament, filled with cold wrath and righteous punishments owing to the wages of sin and the blood of innocents. The tone on DAMN. is a stark contrast to the funky exuberance on Lamar's much-lauded To Pimp a Butterfly from 2015: There, they seemed to revel in a torrent of creative intensity that some found exhilarating, others indulgent. If that album was like billiard balls scattering after the break, then DAMN. wraps its focus inward, tight and layered, like a bundle of rubber bands.
Its 14 songs, all titled with brief concepts such as "FEEL.", "LOYALTY.", and "DNA.", explore dualities within both the soul and American society. In some cases, the fractures are made obvious between songs — "LUST." and "LOVE." or "PRIDE." and "HUMBLE.," for example — but even within a track, Lamar is constantly exploring conflicts and contradictions. On "DNA.," the album's first fully fleshed-out song, they rap back-to-back: "I got millions, I got riches, buildin' in my DNA / I got dark, I got evil, that rot inside my DNA." Likewise, on the nearly eight-minute marathon "FEAR.," they invite us into their anxious mindset, where there's a thin line between confidence and venality, and any hint of success also carries with it the threat of loss.
This introspection is also reflected in the mostly somber production, which departs from the meaty P-Funk influences of Butterfly in favor of more minimalist moods. At times, there's perhaps too little there; I've had the album on nonstop since the minute it came out and I still can't remember what "GOD." or "LOYALTY." sound like. But in other places, especially on "FEAR." and "PRIDE.", the soulful spareness works well with the song's themes and Lamar's understated performance. To put it a different way, Butterfly felt very music-forward, whereas DAMN. is built out of bars.
On the pre-album single "The Heart Part 4," they boldly proclaimed themselves to be this era's "greatest rapper alive," and DAMN. aims to secure their hold on that title belt. Lamar's wordplay has always been intricate, but he's finding new ways to push its limits: The way they super-stacks rhyming couplets rivals Eminem in their prime, while their constant modulation of voice and pacing allows them to play different characters within a single song. The stunning closer, "DUCKWORTH,.," also burnishes their reputation as one of hip-hop's most vivid storytellers, as they tell the supposedly true tale of how their label boss, Anthony "Top Dawg" Tiffith, once came close to killing Lamar's own father 20 years ago.
Perhaps nothing suggests their position atop hip-hop's leaderboard more than the fact that, almost as soon as DAMN. came out, there was an internet-fueled rumor that since they "died" on Good Friday, it followed that he'd be resurrected on Easter Sunday via a surprise second album. (That's less outlandish a thought than it would have been a year ago, before Frank Ocean dropped Endless and Blonde on consecutive days and Future went No. 1 with two albums released a week apart — but Easter came and went with no follow-up LP.) The collective desire, if not greed, for another full-length LP right after DAMN. captures how much Lamar has electrified the music community. There's a real yearning for artists of their stature to speak truth to power, especially at a time when the powerful seem to brazenly revel in untruths.
There's a danger in putting too much weight on any entertainer to serve as a proxy for collective action. Indeed, Lamar's own fans sometimes feel moved to keep them in check — most recently in response to "HUMBLE.," in which they roll out a lazy cliché about wanting women to be less "Photoshop." But though they can be preachy at times, they don't suggest he's above reproach. Rather, their songs constantly offer them up as a sacrifice to a vengeful God: never an innocent lamb, always a conflicted sinner. That's the feeling their work asks us to confront within ourselves. He's not here to provide relief or distraction. Their anxieties and unease around their own foibles are meant to mirror our own — and likewise, their struggles towards salvation and redemption are lead-by-example exhortations for us to do the same work, lest we risk perishing in a damnation of our own making.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British and European Union negotiators will spend all next week in talks on Brexit, culminating in their first formal discussion of what their future relationship will look like after Britain has left the EU.
A schedule posted by EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier on Twitter on Friday confirmed they will meet their opposite number, Brexit Secretary David Davis, in London on Monday for the first time since EU leaders gave them instructions to agree a post-Brexit transition to ease Britain's departure.
After interim accords in December on key parts of the divorce terms, EU leaders agreed to launch talks on the transition and the future relationship.
EU officials expect a faster pace to negotiations compared to the roughly monthly rounds of talks lasting 2-3 days each time that was the norm last year. Both sides hope to conclude a deal on a transition in time for EU leaders to endorse it at a Brussels summit on March 22-23.
Though not legally binding unless and until it forms part of an overall withdrawal treaty, leaders hope a transition deal can calm nerves among investors.
Negotiating teams will hold the first technical talks in Brussels from Tuesday to Thursday on what a transition may look like, notably which courts might enforce the treaty and further discussions on avoiding a disruptive “hard” border with Ireland.
On Friday, Barnier and Davis's top officials, Sabine Weyand and Oliver Robbins, will meet in Brussels to wrap up progress made during the week.
The British side will also offer an “update on the future relationship”, according to Barnier.
A British official said they would not reveal details of trade proposals; Prime Minister Theresa May has caused some frustration in Brussels by failing to do that so far, although they are expected to lay out their trade ideas in the coming weeks.
Rather, the British official said, Friday's session would focus on areas where London has already declared its preferred outcomes, such as a close relationship in security matters and a “customs partnership”.
TRANSITION DEAL
Declared positions on both sides suggest little room for dispute, although May has rejected an EU demand that EU citizens who take up residence in Britain even after Brexit, but before the end of the transition, should enjoy the same lifetime rights which London agreed to grant to those who arrive before Brexit.
That has raised the prospect of delay, but May insisted on Friday that the transition deal would be done within seven weeks -- in time for the March EU summit.
The EU has offered Britain a status quo transition until the end of 2020 after Brexit. But there is disagreement inside May's Conservative Party over the citizens' rights issue and the scope of European Court of Justice jurisdiction during the transition.
Of more concern to some in Brussels is the continued lack of clarity on how Britain sees a free trade deal working.
EU leaders want to be able to agree instructions for their negotiators when they meet on March 22-23 so that trade talks can start in the weeks after that. But once May has revealed their demands it will take the EU some weeks to prepare those plans.
If they cannot meet the deadline of the March summit, the start of trade talks could be pushed back, possibly even beyond the next formal EU summit in late June, jeopardising hopes of having an outline trade accord ready by the end of the year.
“We still expect to be able to have the trade guidelines for the March summit,” one senior EU official said. “But Theresa May is being so discreet. If they don't say what they want, we may not be able to prepare our position in time.”
An EU diplomat involved in Brexit talks said: “It's for them to tell us what they want. If they don't do it in a timely manner, they would be shooting themselves in the foot again.”
Home-Based Drug Treatment Program Costs Less And Works
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack Rodolico/NHPR Jack Rodolico/NHPR
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old. When they were a senior in high school their life flew off the rails.
They were getting high on whatever drugs they could get their hands on. They were suicidal. Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober, but could only stay sober while they were on campus during the week.
"I'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really, really hard," says Berkowitz. "Sometimes I'd make it through the weekend, and sometimes I just couldn't make it. It was white-knuckling it, just holding on."
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz.
"I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope," they say.
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck. They had private health insurance and they lived in Connecticut, where a startup company, Aware Recovery Care, had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober: them home.
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business, but a lot of the treatment that's available is expensive and patients often relapse. Fortunately, there is a way to help some people pay less for better results, says Matt Eacott, vice president of Aware Recovery Care.
"Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you're done," says Eacott.
Instead, Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it doesn't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control. The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction, Eacott says, with better results than most competitors achieve.
Aware comes into clients' homes and connects them with a nurse, a primary care doctor, a therapist, peer support, 12-step meetings and a case manager. Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment. They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking, if that helps them stick with the program.
Hannah's mother, Lois Berkowitz, says the program is intense at first. But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background.
"It's not like they're doing the work for the addict," says Lois Berkowitz, "they're just basically taking them by the hand and saying, 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you. And I'm going to go with you to start, so it doesn't feel that uncomfortable. And then we're going to let you fly.' "
Before they "fly," Aware clients have a pretty long runway. The treatment lasts for a full year.
Benefits worth the initial cost, insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire. The program is expensive. It costs $38,000 a year. As of now, it's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut.
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware, because the treatment is based on hard science that's yielding solid results for clients, says Dr. Steven Korn, Anthem's behavioral health medical director. Science and results are rare in addiction treatment, they say.
"There are old, old notions that have hung pretty tough," says Korn. "When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned, the response of physicians was, 'Well, go to AA. That's not our problem. We don't treat that.' "
For a year of treatment, Anthem says it's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment. Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment.
That's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care, says Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits, Gitlow says.
"It's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use," they say, "but is about what led to the substance use in the first place. And you can't really get there without getting to know the patient."
Aware says it's in negotiations with four more major insurers. The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News.
WASHINGTON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said on Sunday they believe any woman who has felt violated or mistreated by a man has every right to speak up, even if it is President Donald Trump they are accusing.
Accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior or misconduct have led to the resignations of three members of Congress this month. The growing wave of women reporting abuse or misconduct has brought down powerful men from Hollywood to Washington, from movie producer Harvey Weinstein to popular television personality Matt Lauer.
More than 10 women have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct before they were president, and Trump, while filming a segment of the television program “Access Hollywood,” said they have kissed and groped women. The tape emerged during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Haley, discussing a cultural shift of women coming forward on the CBS “Face the Nation” program, applauded women who have come forward: “I‘m proud of their strength. I‘m proud of their courage.”
Asked how people should assess the accusers of the president, Haley said, it was “the same thing.”
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with, and I think we heard them prior to the election,” they said. “I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way - they have every right to speak up.”
Whether Trump's election settled the matter was “for the people to decide,” Haley said.
“I know that they were elected but women should always feel comfortable coming forward and we should all be willing to listen to them.” (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
For a movement that announced itself with a proverbial flatline, with Cristi Puiu's dry, sardonic, darkly comic “The Death of Mr. Lazarescu” (2005), the Romanian New Wave seems poised for a dramatic rebirth.
More than a decade after Puiu took home the Un Certain Regard Award, and Cristian Mungiu won the Palme d'Or in 2007 for their harrowing abortion drama, “4 Months, 3 Weeks, and 2 Days,” Romanian cinema is on the brink of a “new New Wave,” says Transilvania Intl. Film Festival artistic director Mihai Chirilov.
As the fest unspools its essential Romanian Days program, beginning on May 30, audiences are witnessing “first-time filmmakers that… are completely different than the aesthetic of the New Wave,” says Chirilov. Breaking from the muted palettes, flat compositions, and slow-burn realism of their predecessors, they're bringing “a more than welcome freshness to what Romanian cinema is, and the idea of how Romanian cinema is perceived abroad.”
Headlining the program of 13 features and 22 shorts is “Touch Me Not,” Adina Pintilie's bold, Golden Bear-winning exploration of intimacy, told in a genre-blurring style that blends fiction and documentary. The filmmaker's debut in Berlin “took everyone by surprise,” says Chirilov, adding, “It's something that hadn't been seen in Romanian cinema ever before.”
Related Romanian Actor Vlad Ivanov on Seeking Out Roles With Fresh Challenges Andrei Cretulescu Finds New Romanian Rhythm in 'Charleston'
Another stirring debut is Ivana Mladenovic's “Soldiers. A Story from Ferentari,” which premiered in competition in San Sebastian. An unconventional love story about a queer couple in a marginalized Roma community in Bucharest, its daring exploration of gay love tackles “one of the most controversial topics in Romanian film,” says Chirilov.
Five of the 13 features in the Romanian Days competition are world premieres, including first-time director Bogdan Theodor Olteanu's “Several Conversations About a Very Tall Girl,” about two girls forced to question themselves at the start of a love affair, and actor Vlad Zamfirescu's directorial debut “The Secret of Happiness,” a cynical comedy about the buried secrets and uncomfortable truths that emerge from a love triangle.
Director Paul Negoescu, whose low-budget sophomore feature, “Two Lottery Tickets,” became the surprise, top-grossing film of 2016, also returns to Transilvania with “The Story of a Summer Lover,” a comedy about a womanizing professor who's forced to grow up when their girlfriend becomes pregnant.
Collectively these films represent a break from the recent past. “Ever since the Romanian New Wave popped up, many first-time filmmakers tried to employ the same technique, the same aesthetic. They knew deep down that this is the trend,” says Chirilov. “Most of the first-time works were pale copies of the great films of the Romanian New Wave… [but] not necessarily in tune with what the filmmakers wanted to make.” Copying the New Wave aesthetic, though, was “a sure ticket to an international film festival.”
Of the new generation, they say, “What you are sure about is they really believe in what they are doing.”
An encouraging trend is how Romanian films are playing to local audiences. Chirilov points to the success of Daniel Sandu's “One Step Behind the Seraphim,” a coming-of-age story set in an Orthodox seminary, which surpassed box-office expectations while winning most of the top honors at this year's Gopo Awards, the local equivalent of the Oscars. “The audience needs this type of film,” they say, pointing to a long-running debate in the Romanian industry about how to create a more populist national cinema.
Local filmmakers agree. “The Romanian New Wave was a beautiful and amazing thing. It had to happen. People finally discovered Romanian cinema,” says Andrei Cretulescu, whose off-beat black comedy, “Charleston,” which world premiered in Locarno last year, has its Romanian premiere May 30.
“But now is the right time to do different things. Now is the right time to explore new genres and new ways of making cinema,” they say. “We're into a new stage, and I think that will benefit everybody.”
(Pictured: Ivana Mladenovic's “Soldiers. A Story from Ferentari”)
Erdoğan made the comment in a speech in Bahrain, while on an official visit. Their comments were carried live on Turkish television. Turkey and Israel normalised ties last year after a six-year rupture when 10 Turkish pro-Palestinian activists were killed by Israeli commandos enforcing a naval blockade of the Gaza Strip
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Shares in India's Canara Bank tumbled more than 5 percent on Tuesday morning after the country's federal police filed charges against a former chairperson of the state-run bank and others over allegations that the officials helped a company defraud the bank of about $10.5 million taken in loans over four years ago.
A rickshaw puller passes the Canara Bank branch in the old quarters of Delhi, India, September 6, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
By 0405 GMT, shares in the bank were down 3.80 percent at 254.15 rupees after earlier falling to a low of 250 rupees.
The case is the latest in a string of bank frauds reported to authorities in the aftermath of a sprawling $2 billion fraud that was unearthed weeks ago at Punjab National Bank.
Taylor Swift has won the “groping” trial: The six-woman/two-man jury found that the actions of the DJ whom they accused of groping them during a 2013 photo opportunity in Denver amounted to assault and battery. The jury also found that Swift's mother Andrea and a member of the singer's management team, Frank Bell, did not cause Mueller to be unfairly fired, which was the upshot of the DJ's case against Swift.
The jury ordered Mueller to pay Swift a symbolic $1 in damages, per their lawsuit.
According to social media reports from the courtroom, Swift heaved a sigh of relief when the verdict was read and hugged their mother and legal team; their mother wept. Mueller did not look at their attorneys.
In a statement released minutes after the trial, Swift said: “I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
Mueller initiated the litigation in 2015 with a suit that denied Swift's allegation that they had groped her, and claimed that it led radio station KYGO to fire him. Swift responded with a counter-suit that included the assault and battery allegation; the cases were heard together in the trial, which opened on August. 7. On Friday, Mueller's case against Taylor Swift was dismissed by the judge, although the case against their mother and Frank Bell, a member of their management team, continued.
Earlier Monday, Swift cried during closing arguments as the trial went to the jury shortly after noon local time, according to USA Today and CNN.
Swift began weeping during the closing argument from Mueller's attorney. “I don't know what kind of man grabs or gropes a music superstar … But it's not that guy,” the lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, said. “Nobody saw what Ms. Swift said happened … because it didn't happen.”
They said the photo of the encounter — which Swift used to prove their argument — showed that Swift was smiling at the time and could not have been as upset as they claimed to be. “Look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself: Is that the face of a person who just had a strange man grab their butt?,” they said to the jury.
Swift began crying at that point. They were comforted by their mother, Andrea, and Douglas Baldridge, their attorney.
Baldridge's argument followed, calling Mueller's lawsuit “audacious and ridiculous” and pointed out that no evidence has been presented disproving Swift's story either.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” they said to the jury. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” they said. They also challenged Mueller's testimony that someone else, including one of their bosses, could have been the one who groped Swift, saying it was a “complete, made-up story to stick it to their boss two years after the fact.”
Irish ambassador Daniel Mulhall has reassured Britain's Irish community that their government remains committed to ensuring their interests are heard during Brexit negotiations.
They were speaking at an event at Luton Irish Forum, where they were in conversation about the implications with journalist and communications advisor Brian O'Connell, who was British media and campaign spokesperson for the British Irish Chamber of Commerce during the EU referendum.
VIP guests included the newly appointed High Sheriff of Bedfordshire Vinod Tailor and Luton Council leader Hazel Simmons.
LIF chairperson Tom Scanlon said: “Although it's a very complex issue and many aspects are still unclear, this was a fantastic opportunity to gain a better understanding of the implications of this historic decision for Irish people here in Britain and for our homeland.”
NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months.
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets (CBOE.O) launched the futures late on Sunday, marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large, regulated exchange.
The one-month bitcoin contract <0#XBT:> opened at 6 p.m. local time (2300 GMT) on Sunday at $15,460. By midday on Monday in New York, it was trading at $17,780, roughly 10 percent above bitcoin's spot price of $16,335 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP.
But given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month, and was up more than 10 percent on Monday alone, the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating.
And many traders may be looking for payoffs other than a simple gain in the price of bitcoin, said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM in Dubai.
They noted though that the listing of the futures contract on Cboe and next week on the CME will likely provide at least a temporary arbitrage trading opportunity due to pricing differences.
Sayed added that the arbitrage trading should lead to “improved price efficiency and probably less volatility.”
After volatility settles down, investors will focus again on price direction, they said.
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, but backers said the U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use.
The CME Group (CME.O) is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17.
(To view a graphic on Bitcoin's blistering ascent, click tmsnrt.rs/2AeMjHe)
VOLATILITY CONCERNS
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors, most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors say bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value.
“There's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility,” said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder.
The two-month contract was trading at $17,970 a 10 percent premium over the spot price, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $18,140, a roughly 11 percent premium.
Despite being modest when compared with bitcoin's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months, those levels still showed a lack of large “short” positions betting against bitcoin.
“Anyone, especially a professional trading outfit, would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market,” said Nick Spanos, founder of Bitcoin Center NYC. “But just because it doesn't happen on day one doesn't mean it won't in the future.”
Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000.
‘MARCH TOWARDS LEGITIMIZATION'
Virtual currency Bitcoin tokens are seen in this illustration picture, December 8, 2017. Picture taken December 8. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
As of early afternoon trading in New York, 3,613 one-month contracts had changed hands, meaning around $64.7 million had been notionally traded. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market. But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets, the 10 percent rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin.
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week, before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours.
“(Bitcoin futures) will speed up the march towards legitimization of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use,” said Jo Torode, a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London.
The futures are cash-settled contracts, allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency.
The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
Slideshow (4 Images)
(GRAPHIC: Bitcoin futures suggest growth, but slower - reut.rs/2yfblkV)
DRAMATIC GAINS
Bitcoin's origins have been the subject of much speculation.
It was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden, making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible.
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering.
“It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me,” the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday.
Somebody who invested $1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around $1.2 million.
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures had given an extra kick to the cryptocurrency's scorching run this year.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW.N) and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp (AMTD.O), did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N) would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
(For an interactive graphic on bitcoin's blistering ascent, click here)
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Chairman Senate Raza Rabbani and
Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq on Monday visited
the Monument of the ‘Martyrs of Democracy' at Parliament House
and placed a floral wreath.
The event arranged to observe 70th Independence Day,
was attended by parliamentarians and senior officials in a large
number.
During their visit to the monument, the Chairman Senate and
Speaker National Assembly observed a one-minute silence to pay
homage to the martyrs of the democracy.
They paid rich tributes to the unsung heros, who had rendered
matchless sacrifices for restoration of democracy, revival of basic
fundamental human rights of general public and for the rule of law
and constitutions in the country.
The monument was constructed in front of Parliament House in
memory of those who had sacrificed their lives for the restoration
of democracy in the country.
Guam Governor Eddie Calvo speaks during an interview with Reuters. Governor Eddie Calvo describes their island to those who don't know it as a "mini Hawaii" and puts the chances of a direct missile hit at a million-to-one because of the multi layers of Pacific defences, the last being those on Guam itself. Having experienced a Japanese invasion in World War Two and countless earthquakes and super-typhoons, there was no United States community better prepared than Guam "for any contingency", Calvo, dressed in a light blue tropical shirt, said in an interview at their office. "We are concerned about these threats but at the same time we also want to make sure people don't panic and go on with their lives. Enjoy the beaches," they said. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Close
These deals don't last for long.
First up is a $5 discount on the Fire TV Stick, which drops it down to $34.99. The 4K Fire TV is also on sale for $54.99, which is a $15 discount.
If you're looking for an Echo device, Amazon has you covered as well. If you missed out on previous Echo Dot you can currently save $10 on one, dropping it to $39.99. The 2nd-gen Echo is $15 off, making it just $84.99, and the Echo Spot is down to $114.99 from $129.99. The largest Echo device, the Echo Show is $80 off, dropping it to just $149.99.
These deals are only scheduled to run through tomorrow night, so don't wait too long before placing your order.
WWE Rumors: Shane McMahon's backstage presence threatening Triple H and Stephanie McMahon
The power couple are afraid Shane McMahon might take over creative control of the company.
by Prityush Haldar News 02 Jan 2017, 14:37 IST
Shane and Stephanie have often locked horns on screen with vicious comments targetted at each other
What's the story?
It is believed that the power couple of Triple H and Stephanie McMahon are on the edge of their seats with Shane McMahon's return to the company earlier last year. According to PWPIX, both Hunter and Stephanie were not excited about Shane's return because they felt that their on-screen presence would have an impact on the creative direction as well.
This belief has now materialised as Shane McMahon has a lot of input for the creative team in WWE, according to the same report. Stephanie and Hunter believe that the company is theirs to be inherited after Vince McMahon but Shane's presence has turned out to be a complexity in itself.
Vince, on the other hand, is reported to be having fun after pitting their family members against one another.
In case you didn't know...
Last month, Vice.com published an article that revealed an incident that took place at WWE production office back in 2012. The article has been removed since then, but the events that transpired are true to the letter. Shane reportedly had a meeting with Vince, who was disturbed with the low ratings for WWE at that time.
Shane had brought along their friend, James Frey, CEO of Full Fathom Five. Shane proposed that their team would take control of creative and the writer's room, while Frey and their Full Fathom Five team would serve as consultants. The entire meeting had been orchestrated by WWE's Executive Vice President, Television Production, Kevin Dunn.
The heart of the matter
Kevin Dunn and Shane McMahon are extremely close. A senior official had reported that there was tension between Kevin Dunn, and Hunter and Stephanie. The power couple always felt that the company was theirs for the taking, but they were never in a position to negotiate with or control Kevin Dunn.
This animosity between Dunn and Hunter has led to Dunn siding with Shane McMahon. It is reported that Dunn is a vocal supporter of Shane in meetings and this has made things difficult for Triple H and Stephanie.
The sibling rivalry has been a highlight of Shane's return to the WWE. Many times, things got too close for comfort, as Shane and Stephanie took shots at each other. Stephanie accused Shane of running away back in 2009, while Shane retaliated by saying that the Authority was running the company down to the ground.
What's next?
There was a rumour that Shane would face Triple H at WrestleMania 33 with Ric Flair saying that it would be one of the best matches on the card, given the rivalry between the two. That plan may be on hold for the time being as Triple H will look to feud with Seth Rollins come WrestleMania.
It is certain, however, that Shane will be at the helm of things at least for SmackDown Live for the foreseeable future.
Sportskeeda's take
Shane's return has made WWE television better. It has ushered in the New Era with the brand split and several Superstars getting more opportunities. In fact, the last SmackDown Live episode of 2016 beat Monday Night RAW in ratings for the first time since the brand split. Vince will obviously take notice of things and do what's best for business.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Movie producer Harvey Weinstein was indicted on Wednesday on charges of rape and a criminal sexual act, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said, the first case to emerge from a slew of sexual misconduct allegations against him.
Film producer Harvey Weinstein arrives at Manhattan Criminal Court in New York, U.S., May 25, 2018. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” Vance said in a statement on the charges against the disgraced 66-year-old co-founder of the Miramax film studio and the Weinstein Co.
The grand jury indictment follows their arrest and court appearance last Friday on charges related to two among about 70 women who have accused them of sexual misconduct, all of which Weinstein has denied.
Vance's statement said Weinstein was charged with rape in the first and third degrees and a criminal sexual act in the first degree.
Ben Brafman, the head of Weinstein's legal team, said their client would plead not guilty and defend themselves against the charges.
If convicted on the most serious charges, Weinstein could face between five and 25 years in prison.
Earlier on Wednesday, Weinstein declined to testify before the grand jury after a judge denied a request by their lawyers to postpone the appearance. Brafman had argued Weinstein was denied access to information about the case and lacked preparation time.
“Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny,” Brafman said in a statement after the indictment.
“We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted.”
The grand jury indictment spares the prosecution the step of having to go before a judge to demonstrate there is enough evidence to bring Weinstein to trial.
The indictment follows a months-long investigation with the New York Police Department. Police have not identified the two women, but said the crimes took place in 2004 and 2013.
Weinstein remains out on $1 million cash bail ordered by a judge last Friday. Weinstein surrendered their U.S. passport and agreed to wear a monitoring device that tracks their location, confining them to the states of New York and Connecticut.
Some of the allegations date back decades. Weinstein has denied ever having nonconsensual sex.
The accusations, first reported last year by the New York Times and the New Yorker, gave rise to the #MeToo movement, in which hundreds of women have publicly accused powerful men in business, government and entertainment of sexual misconduct.
Actresses who have publicly accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct include Uma Thurman, Ashley Judd, Rose McGowan and Salma Hayek.
× Expand Chad Burke, left, of the Economic Alliance Houston Port Region and Thomas Brinsko, right, of BIC Alliance visit with procurement event panelists, from second left, Margaret Martin of INEOS Styrolution America, Tim Dill of the Dow Chemical Company, Brian Hall of Shell Oil Co. and Patricia Monteiro of the Lubrizol Corp.
When it's time for procurement executives to engage contractors and suppliers for their companies' projects, those executives often rely on a list of capable candidates who can provide services as needed. But how does a new vendor get on those lists?
Margaret Martin, a certified professional in supply management and Gulf Coast region procurement leader for INEOS Styrolution America LLC, said contractors or third-party vendors must be enrolled in ISN® (ISNetworld) and prequalified to bid for on-site services for their company.
"Your information is matched with our scorecard. If we're looking for specific bidders for a fabrication or for civil contractors, or if we don't have enough people that we've dealt with in the past, we'll look in ISNetworld," Martin said.
Speaking on a panel moderated by BIC Alliance President Thomas Brinsko at the Economic Alliance Houston Port Region's 2017 Industrial Procurement Forum held recently in Pasadena, Texas, Martin said they expect to rely on ISN sources to engage contractors and suppliers for upcoming projects.
"We have two large projects (for which) INEOS is spending a lot of money right now," they said. One is a large capital project being built in Bayport, Texas -- an acrylonitrile styrene acrylate plant that will bring rail and truck capability to the site.
"So there's a lot of opportunity to source new contractors and suppliers and for a lot of different types of materials," Martin said.
"We probably do 85-90 percent of our work with folks on our list," said Tim Dill, sourcing category manager for The Dow Chemical Company.
Dow may "open up" that list, Dill said, "when we find a unique technical opportunity that we want to get into that nobody's offering who's on our list right now."
"Or if the contract is up," Dill added, "a lot of the time we'll go to the market and look outside that list and do an evaluation."
Dow might also consider expanding its list to increase competiveness among contractors and suppliers.
"If we've got 50 people offering the same thing and we divide the pie, we're probably not doing the company justice in getting the best prices and best uniformity," Dill said. "But if we've got one person in there that's a sole supplier, chances are that supplier is making pretty good money. So maybe we need to open that up and have a couple of forms of competition in there."
'Find your fit'
Patricia Monteiro, procurement site manager for the Lubrizol Corp., encouraged procurement personnel to "have tough meetings about money" with contractors and suppliers.
"How can we have an amazing partnership with the supplier if we don't have really open conversation about money -- what they need to pay and what we need to offer?" they asked. "We don't need to agree on every single step, but we need to have these conversations."
Monteiro stressed the importance of agreements being equitable to both sides of the bidding table.
"If it is only good for one side, it is not an agreement," they said. "Business needs trust, and what is good for me needs to be good for you, too."
Brian Hall, manager and supplier of diversity and outreach and small business liaison officer for Shell Oil Co., said their company has developed "Find Your Fit" (www.shell.us/getcon nected), an online tool that outlines Shell's various lines of businesses, including upstream, exploration and production, transportation, refining, delivery and business services.
"If you're not doing business with Shell, we want you to think about where you should start before you get to the procurement and supplier qualification systems. Where do you fit?" Hall said. "And if you're already in Shell, should you be fitting somewhere else? Because we're going to be looking for suppliers that can service us across our lines of business."
For ongoing industry updates, visit BICMagazine.com.
View in Digital Edition
Dr Zafar Nawaz Jaspal
PAKISTAN has been encountering an existential threat since 1947. India has not reconciled with its sovereign survival. New Delhi did military aggressions against it, at various occasions, and has frequently been violating the sanctity of the Line of Control. Perhaps, the Indian armed forces will not refrain from military invasion, if an opportunity arises such as the balance of power shifted in their favour. Therefore, the Pakistani defence planners have been struggling to sustain the strategic equilibrium between India and Pakistan. India had played an ignominious role in the break-up of Pakistan in 1971.
Despite being a member of Western sponsored alliances, i.e. SEATO and CENTO, and close ally of the United States; Pakistani armed forces suffered a humiliated defeat at the hands of its bitterest adversary. The tragedy of the disintegration of the country persuaded Pakistani ruling elite to espouse strategy of ‘look-within' and ‘self-help'. This self-reliance approach resulted in the development of the indigenous nuclear weapons program of Pakistan. On May 28, 1998, it conducted five nuclear weapons tests to demonstrate that India will not be able to commit aggression against Pakistan as it had successfully done in the 1971 war.
Since the inception, the primary objective or sole purpose of the nuclear weapons program remains to deter the Indians military aggression. India's Cold Start Doctrine renamed Pro-Active Operations and Ballistic Missile Defence Program have brought a shift in the South Asian strategic environment that necessitated the transformation in Pakistan's nuclear posture, i.e. shift from the credible minimum deterrence to the full-spectrum deterrence; and also improving the nuclear delivery vehicles and finalizing the nuclear-triad. Pakistan celebrated the 20th anniversary of its hot-test validation of nuclear weapons of different designs on May 28, 2018. Since mid-1970s, Pakistan's nuclear program has evolved despite the immense international community opposition especially the devastating Americans economic and military sanctions. Pakistan's National Command Authority maintains that the country's nuclear weapons are not for offence, but for deterrence. Nonetheless, for the sake of defence its is keeping full spectrum deterrence posture and improving the nuclear-triad. The operationalized nuclear-triad empowers the nuclear-armed state to deliver nuclear warheads over the target from ground, aerial, and submarine-based platforms.
During the last two decades, Pakistan has not hot-tested any other nuclear device, however, it has steadily miniaturized the nuclear devices and also modernize its ballistic and cruise missiles capability. The cruise and ballistic missiles are the most reliable carriers for nuclear warheads. With the capability of miniaturization of nuclear devices it is capable to use tactical nuclear weapons or low-yield battlefield nuclear weapons. Today, Pakistan is able to produce miniaturized warheads for the use in the Multiple Independently Targetable Reentry Vehicle (MIRV), or submarine launched ballistic or cruise missiles. The general impression is that the miniaturized nuclear weapons ‘are made from plutonium and may also be fusion-boosted fission devices'. With these capabilities, Pakistani armed forces will be able to defy the Indian ballistic missile defence shield.
Pakistan completed the triad of its nuclear forces on March 29, 2018. The Babur-III submarine launched cruise missile successful test demonstrated the much needed second-strike capability that is imperative for the credibility of the nuclear deterrent. It is because deterrence is insured by a credible second-strike capability—by what the Pakistan can do after an Indian nuclear attack. Hence, Babur-III test demonstrated a qualitative shift in the country's nuclear posture. India has been spending gigantically to purchase sophisticated military hardware from the technologically advanced nations. In addition, it's Defence Research and Development Organization is also manufacturing new generations of the weapons. Despite mega investment in the military sector and transformation in its military doctrine, India has been unable to shift balance of power in its favour. Hence, the strategic equilibrium between the belligerent neighbours is sustaining the strategic stability in South Asia.
Presently, New Delhi is hatching conspiracies and using hybrid warfare tactics to destabilize Pakistan. Its likeminded nations have been propagating against Pakistan's nuclear weapons program. They desire to denuclearise Pakistan. Without denuclearisation of Pakistan, the prevalent strategic equilibrium cannot shift in India's favour despite its military-hardware shopping spree from the advanced military industrial complexes. Pakistan has refused to compromise on its nuclear arsenal and is also determined to advance its nuclear weapons capability to check the militarily adventurous strategies of India. Therefore, it has been modernizing strategic nuclear weapons to conduct counter-value targeting, such as cities, and also manufactured battlefield or short-range missiles and miniaturized nuclear devises for counter-force targeting, such as military assets. Simultaneously, Islamabad has been advocating strategic restraint regime in South Asia. To conclude, Pakistan's nuclear weapons capability has not only solidified its defensive fence, but it has also sustained the strategic stability in South Asia since May 1998.
— The writer is Associate Professor, School of Politics and International Relations, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad.s
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item, a judge told Plath. (FILE)
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item, a judge told Plath. (FILE) John Weekes
FAMILY who travelled from far away helped persuade a judge to give another chance to a man with a long criminal history..
Bundaberg's Daniel William Plath had already spent 224 days in custody by the time they appeared in court on Tuesday.
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes said the Bundaberg man faced an "array of offences” which included drug possession, obstructing police, and a weapons charge.
Prosecutors said Plath, 41, was charged for having drugs including oxycodone, testosterone and diazepam.
Brisbane Supreme Court heard there was no allegation Plath was dealing commercially.
The Crown said an aggravating feature of some offending was that Plath was on bail.
Defence counsel Robert East said loved ones travelled from places including Coffs Harbour to support Plath on Tuesday.
"They've all been to see them in prison,” Mr East added.
Plath also faced a charge of failing to appear but Mr East said their client "to their credit” presented themselves to police after realising they had failed to report on time.
The Chief Justice said one charge related to Plath smashing a glass pipe with their foot in a "not too effective act of concealment”.
They told Plath: "You have a bad criminal history” with many charges including breaching domestic violence orders.
But they added: "It seems when you go to jail you think about things a bit more and you get back on track.”
The judge said Plath's relatives took the trouble to visit Brisbane.
They said one relative had explained to the court some hardships Plath had previously encountered.
The Chief Justice told Plath they needed help, and should enrol in programs to prevent reoffending - if not for himself, then for their loved ones.
Plath was sentenced to 20 months jail but released on parole immediately. - NewsRegional
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): The Fort Wayne City Council is headed for a showdown with Mayor Tom Henry tomorrow night.
Last week, Mayor Henry vetoed an ordinance passed by the Council that would block companies that donate more than $2,000 a year to local elected officials' campaign funds from getting city contracts.
Councilman Jason Arp tells WOWO News the Council will most likely override them tomorrow night:
“We will vote to override the veto. All we need is six votes,” Arp says, noting that the legislation passed on a 6-2 margin last time.
Henry said they couldn't approve the ordinance because it raised legal questions, specifically over a local government's ability to restrict campaign finance, according to four different legal firms. Arp, however, isn't buying it:
“The places they're getting these opinions from, gave $70,000 to the Mayor's last campaign, and received over $3-million in bids. So I think they have a vested interest,” Arp says.
Henry, however, says they hope the Council listens to their concerns:
“I understand where they're coming from, and I do think campaign finance laws should be re-addressed,” Henry tells WOWO News, “but twice before when the Council has tried to do this, the Attorney General has said it's illegal. But if you want to keep trying, that's fine. I'll work with you.”
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
After the ceremony Tuesday morning, Duvernay-Tardif put on a white lab coat with their red Chiefs No. 76 on the back, now complete with the prefix “Dr.”
MONTREAL—In a black gown and a red tie, Laurent Duvernay-Tardif looked at ease making small talk with fellow graduates. Their name was announced, dozens of cheers erupted and a moment eight years in the making was finally complete: The Kansas City Chiefs guard was now the NFL's first active player to become a medical doctor.
“It sounds pretty cool,” they laughed. “It's an awesome feeling. That's what has fed me over the past four years, whenever I've had challenges or obstacles in front of me, to continue to pursue both at the same time.”
While the typical medical school journey in Canada is roughly four years, Duvernay-Tardif — who was drafted by the Chiefs in the sixth round in 2014 — had to delay their courses because of their burgeoning football career.
As an offensive lineman playing collegiate football for McGill University here, they would often show up to practices in scrubs. After they were selected by the Chiefs, they still had a full year of medical school to complete. They and the faculty agreed to split the remaining courses into three four-month segments, the last of which ended this spring.
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has a personal connection to Duvernay-Tardif's pursuit of medicine — their mother was one of the first women to graduate from the McGill University Faculty of Medicine. When Reid first met Duvernay-Tardif, they immediately threw their support behind the lineman's goal of becoming a doctor.
Two weeks ago, Reid and Duvernay-Tardif began talking about having “M.D.” on the back of their jersey, and an official request has been made with the league. Their Chiefs teammates have even started soliciting their medical advice in the locker room, even though Duvernay-Tardif will not begin practicing medicine until their playing days are over.
“A lot of guys ask medical questions, which is funny,” they said. “They'll be like, ‘Hey I have a sore shoulder. What's going on?'”
CLAIM
A video shows Palestinian lawmakers dancing in response to Nikki Haley's threat to cut aid to the country in the wake of a controversial decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
President Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on 6 December 2017 drew sharp criticism around the world. As the United Nations General Assembly sought to pass a resolution condemning the United State's position, Nikki Haley, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, announced that they would be “taking names” of the country's that sided against the United States. They later threatened to withhold aid to Palestinians.
So how did the people of Palestine react? According to a viral (but inaccurate) tweet, the Palestinian representative at the UN put a song on their phone and started to dance:
The Palestinian representative played a song on their mobile phone & danced at the UN as a response to Nikki Haley announcing that the U.S. will be cutting aid to Palestinians unless they recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital.pic.twitter.com/MGs0H3D5TU — Sacha Saeen (@S_Saeen) January 31, 2018
This tweet (which was, as usual, immediately and uncritically picked up and disseminated by self-styled pundits) got just about everything wrong. The video was not taken in January 2018, the music is not coming from a mobile phone, and it has little to do with Nikki Haley or the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
This video, which is from 2013, shows Arab Idol winner Mohammed Assaf performing at the United Nations in New York to mark the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People:
“In Gaza, children like me grow in an environment laden with challenges and in an unbelievable way. Many of our parents suffer to find job opportunities or strive hard to put some food on the table,” Assaf said in their U.N. address. “There are also the struggle, the isolation and the blockade. Sometimes it seems as if there is no escape,” they added.
Assaf also addressed the U.N. before their performance:
Miki Sudo downed 37 franks to win their fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance, which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday that a Brexit transition period will be agreed with the European Union in seven weeks as they try to ease concerns that a deal may take longer to reach.
The EU has offered Britain a status quo transition until the end of 2020 after Brexit. Both sides are aiming to reach a transition agreement by the end of March that will form part of the final withdrawal treaty to be agreed later this year.
But there is disagreement inside May's Conservative Party over some details such as the status of EU citizens during the transition and the scope of European Court of Justice jurisdiction.
Many businesses and banks are concerned a battle over the terms of a transition could delay or even sink an agreement just months before Britain exits the EU on March 29, 2019.
“In seven weeks time, we will have an agreement with the European Union, that is the timetable they have said on an implementation period,” May told the BBC in an interview in China.
“What the British people voted for is for us to take back control of our money, our borders and our laws and that's exactly what we are going to do,” May said of Brexit.
The EU and Britain hope to hammer out a deal on Britain's exit and the outline of a trade package by October 2018.
But some EU officials have begun to voice concern that a plan to have the leaders endorse negotiating guidelines for a new phase of talks to begin in April on a future trade agreement may be in danger of slipping if May does not spell out what Britain's demands are for that trade pact.
Once May does so, the EU will need some weeks to prepare its own negotiating proposals. Once adopted by leaders in March, negotiations could then begin with a few weeks.
However, if the March deadline is missed, there would be a risk of waiting until the next full EU summit, which is not planned until late June, creating a very tight deadline to agree a broad political declaration of future trade plans.
“We still expect to be able to have the trade guidelines for the March summit,” one senior EU official said. “But Theresa May is being so discreet. If they don't say what they want, we may not be able to prepare our position in time.”
The recent popularity of "designer" dogs, cats, micro-pigs and other pets may seem to suggest that pet keeping is no more than a fad.
Indeed, it is often assumed that pets are a Western affectation, a weird relic of the working animals kept by communities of the past.
About half of the households in Britain alone include some kind of pet; roughly 10m of those are dogs while cats make up another 10m. Pets cost time and money, and nowadays bring little in the way of material benefits.
But during the 2008 financial crisis, spending on pets remained almost unaffected, which suggests that for most owners pets are not a luxury but an integral and deeply loved part of the family.
Some people are into pets, however, while others simply aren't interested. Why is this the case?
It is highly probable that our desire for the company of animals actually goes back tens of thousands of years and has played an important part in our evolution.
If so, then genetics might help explain why a love of animals is something some people just don't get.
The health question
In recent times, much attention has been devoted to the notion that keeping a dog (or possibly a cat) can benefit the owner's health in multiple ways – reducing the risk of heart disease, combating loneliness, and alleviating depression and the symptoms of depression and dementia.
As I explore in my new book, there are two problems with these claims.
First, there are a similar number of studies that suggest that pets have no or even a slight negative impact on health.
Second, pet owners don't live any longer than those who have never entertained the idea of having an animal about the house, which they should if the claims were true.
And even if they were real, these supposed health benefits only apply to today's stressed urbanites, not their hunter-gatherer ancestors, so they cannot be considered as the reason that we began keeping pets in the first place.
The urge to bring animals into our homes is so widespread that it's tempting to think of it as a universal feature of human nature, but not all societies have a tradition of pet-keeping.
Even in the West there are plenty of people who feel no particular affinity for animals, whether pets or no.
The pet-keeping habit often runs in families: this was once ascribed to children coming to imitate their parents' lifestyles when they leave home, but recent research has suggested that it also has a genetic basis.
Some people, whatever their upbringing, seem predisposed to seek out the company of animals, others less so.
So the genes that promote pet-keeping may be unique to humans, but they are not universal, suggesting that in the past some societies or individuals – but not all – thrived due to an instinctive rapport with animals.
Pet DNA
The DNA of today's domesticated animals reveals that each species separated from its wild counterpart between 15,000 and 5,000 years ago, in the late Palaeolithic and Neolithic periods. Yes, this was also when we started breeding livestock.
But it is not easy to see how this could have been achieved if those first dogs, cats, cattle and pigs were treated as mere commodities.
If this were so, the technologies available would have been inadequate to prevent unwanted interbreeding of domestic and wild stock, which in the early stages would have had ready access to one another, endlessly diluting the genes for "tameness" and thus slowing further domestication to a crawl – or even reversing it.
Also, periods of famine would also have encouraged the slaughter of the breeding stock, locally wiping out the "tame" genes entirely.
But if at least some of these early domestic animals had been treated as pets, physical containment within human habitations would have prevented wild males from having their way with domesticated females; special social status, as afforded to some extant hunter-gatherer pets, would have inhibited their consumption as food.
Kept isolated in these ways, the new semi-domesticated animals would have been able to evolve away from their ancestors' wild ways, and become the pliable beasts we know today.
The very same genes which today predispose some people to take on their first cat or dog would have spread among those early farmers.
Groups which included people with empathy for animals and an understanding of animal husbandry would have flourished at the expense of those without, who would have had to continue to rely on hunting to obtain meat.
Why doesn't everyone feel the same way? Probably because at some point in history the alternative strategies of stealing domestic animals or enslaving their human carers became viable.
There's a final twist to this story: recent studies have shown that affection for pets goes hand-in-hand with concern for the natural world.
It seems that people can be roughly divided into those that feel little affinity for animals or the environment, and those who are predisposed to delight in both, adopting pet-keeping as one of the few available outlets in today's urbanised society.
As such, pets may help us to reconnect with the world of nature from which we evolved.
John Bradshaw, Visiting Fellow in Anthrozoology, University of Bristol.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. Read the original article.
ORANGEBURG, S.C. — Trey Samuel ran for 153 yards and three touchdowns on 15 carries and South Carolina State scored 28 unanswered points in a 35-14 victory over Morgan State on Friday night.
The first six possessions of the second half ended in two safeties, two fumbles, a blocked field goal and an interception. Morgan State took a 14-7 lead after its two safeties but South Carolina State tied it on Quan Caldwell's 29-yard catch with 4:41 left in the third quarter.
S.C. State opened the fourth with 21 points in less than three minutes.
Two plays after Morgan State's fourth turnover, on a fumbled punt return, Samuel ran for a 15-yard touchdown to take a 21-14 lead. Darius Leonard intercepted a pass on Morgan State's next possession and ran it back 12 yards to extend the Bulldogs' lead and Samuel capped the scoring with an 89-yard TD run.
(Yonhap)
One of the leaders of South Korea's main opposition party on Monday called for law enforcement authorities to reinvestigate “suspicious deaths surrounding” President Park Geun-hye.“Another death. How many deaths have there been so far?” asked Rep. Woo Sang-ho, floor leader of the Democratic Party of Korea, referring to a longtime secretary of Park Ji-man, the president's younger brother.The man, a 45-year-old surnamed Joo, was found dead Sunday at their home in southern Seoul. Police said Monday an autopsy pointed to a heart attack as the cause of death. They added that they found neither traces of forced entry to their home nor a suicide note.The news came amid renewed suspicions over deaths surrounding President Park and their siblings, after a TV program last month shed new light on the 2011 murder-suicide of two cousins once removed from the president. It suggested their deaths may be linked to an incident in 2007 in China that Shin Dong-wook, the husband of Park's younger sister Geun-ryeong, claimed was a failed attempt by one of the now-deceased cousins to murder him.“Around President Park, people have died mysteriously. Those deaths should be reinvestigated,” the liberal politician said during a meeting of the party's top-decision-making Supreme Council at the National Assembly in Seoul.Park is known to be estranged from their two siblings following a bitter fight over a scholarship foundation left behind by their parents -- the late President Park Chung-hee and first lady Yuk Young-soo.Shin, the president's brother-in-law, claimed Park Geun-hye, together with Ji-man, kicked Park Geun-ryeong out of the foundation, and their protest of the incident led to the purported murder attempt. A local court ruled in 2012 that Shin's claims were defamation against Park Geun-hye and Park Ji-man.By Korea Herald staff(khnews@heraldcorp.com)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - A CITY MEDIA AB:
* GETS ORDER OF SEK 2 MILLION FROM DIGITAL NEW AGENCY SVERIGE AB Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry will reportedly consider lucrative offers from China and America this summer after it was confirmed that they will leave Chelsea at the end of this season.
Terry has had offers to stay on at Chelsea in a non-playing capacity but The Telegraph say they are keen to continue their playing career, with opportunities in the Chinese Super League and the MLS on the table.
It is claimed they could earn as much as £20million in a single season by moving to China.
Here are all the other top stories from Tuesday's Daily Mirror and other newspapers and websites...
Top stories from the Daily Mirror
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is hoping to earn another new deal at Anfield by helping the Reds qualify for next season's Champions League.
Ashley Young has warned the Premier League's high-fliers that Manchester United are intent on chasing them down.
(Photo: Matthew Peters)
Ashley Williams says Everton are now targeting a fifth-placed finish after an impressive run of form.
Martin O'Neill is willing Leicester to finally get revenge on Atletico Madrid for the Foxes' loss to the Spanish team 20 years ago.
Christian Fuchs insists Leicester's team spirit is capable of seeing them past Atletico Madrid.
Stan Collymore column: Antonio Conte will be wondering whether Chelsea 'rats' Hazard, Costa and Fabregas have fight for title run-in.
Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois is set to miss this weekend's FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham.
Tony Pulis has warned West Brom's Chinese owners that the Baggies' squad needs improvement in the summer.
AC Milan will make a fresh bid to sign Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas this summer.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Harry Redknapp is on the shortlist to replace Gianfranco Zola at Birmingham after the Italian's resignation on Monday.
Transfer news from other newspapers and websites
The number of applications to Bristol's improving primary schools has grown by 40 per cent in the last 10 years.
This year, hundreds of children missed out on their top choice school in Bristol.
Of the 5,603 who applied, 753 did not get their first choice, and 192 did not get any of their three choices at all.
That means 86 per cent of pupils is given their top preference of primary school for those starting this September.
The number of applications in Bristol has soared over the last 10 years.
In 2008, there were 3,992 on-time applications, which grew to 4,692 in 2011.
And that number shot up again in 2012, to 5,321.
It comes as the city's population continues to grow quickly.
Bristol City Council has been working over the last few years to create another 10,000 primary school places.
Paul Jacobs, service director for education and skills, said: “As a Learning City we recognise the importance of learning at all ages, and starting primary school is a key milestone in any child's life.
“We do everything we can to support families at this time to ensure that transition is as smooth as possible.
“In recent years we have been working with a number of different partners and education providers across the city to make sure we have enough high quality places for all pupils.
“Our forecasts now show that we should be able to meet demand to 2020 and beyond.”
Waiting lists become available from May 23.
A second-round allocation will take place in the first week of June.
The developer-centric communications platform Twilio today announced that it has added support for line to Twilio Channels. With this, Twilio developers now have the ability to reach users on this service, which has 168 million monthly active users, most of which live in Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and Indonesia. Line support in Twilio Channels is currently in beta but open to all developers who want to give it a try.
With this, Twilio Channels, which allows for sending and receiving messages, now supports many of the most popular messaging platforms, ranging from Facebook Messenger and Slack to WeChat, Kik and the new RCS text messaging standard. Missing from this list are the likes of WhatsApp and SnapChat, though they don't have APIs that Twilio could easily integrate.
Unsurprisingly, the Line support also extends to Twilio Studio, the company's drag-and-drop app builder, and Flex, Twilio's recently announced contact center solution.
“The most successful organizations realize that delivering a seamless, elegant experience for customers on their preferred channels is a way to differentiate,” said Patrick Malatack, Vice President and General Manager of Messaging at Twilio in today's announcement. “When developers use Twilio to build these experiences – they trust that they will be able to use one API, now and in the future, to support the communication channels their customers want to use. We are thrilled to add support for LINE to the Twilio platform and can't wait to see what our customers build.”
Dhaka
A lawmaker,48-year-old Manjurul Islam Liton was hit Sunday by two bullets in the chest. They were rushed to hospital but did not survive the attack.
Up to three unidentified attackers were involved in the killing of the Awami League MP, deputy police chief of Gaibandha said. The attackers stormed into their home at around 17:45 local time while they were holding a meeting with some locals.
The attackers escaped on a motorbike immediately after the shooting and police have no clue about their motive. Yet an officer has said that it was either a terrorist attack or linked to an earlier feud they were involved in.
More than a year ago, Liton was arrested for allegedly shooting and seriously injuring a young boy. The incident took place in October 2015 and was widely publicized by local media.
According to reports, the boy was walking with their uncle when Liton drove past them and called the man. When the man did not respond, an angry Liton reportedly pulled out their gun and fired, but the shots hit the child instead.
The lawmaker was later released on bail in November but police were still investigating the case, which sparked protests in Gaibandha and in the capital Dhaka.
In recent past, the South Asian nation has been hit by a wave of shooting attacks against foreigners, religious minorities, bloggers and rights activists.
Authorities often blame the Jamayetul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB), a banned extremist group, for carrying out most of the attacks.
In July 2016, the massacre of 22 people at a Dhaka restaurant was blamed on JMB.
Also in May last year, the group was held responsible for the murder of a Hindu trader.—Agencies
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has strongly condemned the incident of terrorism in Istanbul, Turkey.
They have expressed deep sense of sorrow and grief over loss of human lives in the incident and prayed for early recovery of the injured.
The Chief Minister expressed solidarity with Turk leadership and people and strongly condemned the incident of terrorism. Shehbaz Sharif said they were grieved over loss of precious human lives. They said that people of Pakistan especially Punjab are with their Turk brethren in this hour of distress and equally share the grief of the bereaved families. All our sympathies are with the bereaved families, they added.
The Chief Minister said that Turkey and Pakistan are facing the menace of terrorism and undoubtedly, terrorism is an international challenge which will have to be coped with joint efforts and take steps in a coordinated manner for eliminating this scourge.
It is reported that victims of the attack on revellers celebrating New Year at an Istanbul nightclub include citizens of several Arab countries.
‘There are foreigners and Turks, but the majority are foreigners. From different countries—Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya,' said Family Minister Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya.
39 people were killed, including at least 15 foreigners, and 65 others wounded.
When you think of the '90s, there are so many iconic women that come to mind that seem to perfectly embody the decade: Janet Jackson and their choreographed music videos, Mariah Carey promising us we'll always be their baby, Jennifer Lopez throwing solid gold bracelets into the ocean because love don't cost a thing — and the iconic Aaliyah, bringing us hits like "Rock the Boat" and "What If." If you feel a spiritual connection to Aaliyah and their late '90s aesthetic, you can now pay tribute to them with your makeup drawer. Melt Cosmetics just announced the "Baby Girl" collection, an Aaliyah inspired eyeshadow line.
"Baby Girl" was one of Aaliyah's nicknames, and the collection is a series of five eyeshadow singles that were inspired by the color scheme of the R&B artist's last album that was released in 2001. The cover was washed in different shades of reds, oranges, and burnt pinks, and that's exactly what the new Melt range looks like. Coming in an assortment of soft pinks, terracotta oranges, dark sienna reds, and shimmery red oranges, it's a warm, fiery kind of palette.
Background Records
Melt announced the new eyeshadow stack on its Instagram, teasing the throwback shades and re-gramming influencers who tried out the hues on their own eyes. The brand shared that the shadows will be available on March 23 at 3 p.m. ET/12 p.m. PT for $58, which means if you're a '90s enthusiast, you don't have to wait too long to get your hands on the collection.
The shades are named after iconic Aaliyah songs as well, really bringing the theme together. "So Dope" is a hot coral that could be used as a transition shade, "Come Over" is a matte orange red, "Baby Girl" is a shimmery gold-like shade, "More Than a Lover" is a dark red shimmer, and "Dust Yourself Off" is a sienna red.
Melt Cosmetics is a cruelty-free brand that is Leaping Bunny certified, and most of their products are vegan. However, it appears that this particular throwback stack isn't completely vegan, since fans spotted that Carmine was used in some of the shadows, which is a dye made out of beetles.
Beauty lovers seem to be excited over the release though, filling the comment section under the brand's photos with heart eye emojis and prayer hands.
"So I'm adulting and I have a need and wants list..." one person wrote. "I'm figuring out how to put this is in the NEED column. I can eat later."
However, some followers couldn't tell what they felt about the color range because it hasn't been swatched on dark skin yet, and they asked the brand to remember its supporters with deeper complexions.
Since this particular rust color scheme was so popular this past year, and so many different kinds of cosmetic companies released similar color ranges, a few followers began to track down what this stack could be comparable to.
A few people compared the new shades to a few palettes already out, one being the Urban Decay Naked Petite Heat that goes for $29. While both collections focus on rust colored, warm shades, the Urban Decay version doesn't carry any shimmers, and skews towards a lighter color palette with its soft pinks and dusty brown hues.
Naked Petite Heat, $29, Urban Decay
Another person felt like the Aaliyah eyeshadow stack looked like Colourpop's “Yes Please” 12 pan palette that retails for $16. Inspired by the "golden hour glow," it features both metallic and matte shadows, and the kit includes colors like burnt orange, matte brick red, and duochrome red with a gold shimmer that does mimic some of the "Baby Girl" shades. But not each Melt shade is a dupe for the hues in the Colourpop palette, so it still offers different tints.
Yes Please! Pressed Powder Shadow Palette, $16, ColourPop
Whether you want to get the stack because you're a massive '90s R&B fan, or don't own any burnt shades yet and this is the perfect starter kit, this throwback selection is definitely going to be a hit.
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Nick Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Lyon, 48, the director of the Health and Human Services Department, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
If convicted, Lyon could face up to 15 years in prison.
“The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems,” said state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who said their probe is moving to the trial phase and signaled that Snyder, who has apologized for their administration's failures that led to and prolonged the crisis, may not be charged.
“We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause of a crime has been established. And we're not filing charges at this time,” they said.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others are people who were already facing charges. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
“Dr. Wells vehemently denies the charges,” defense attorney Jerry Lax said.
Other attorneys in the case have not returned calls seeking comment.
Snyder expressed support for Lyon and Wells.
“Some state employees were charged over a year ago and have been suspended from work since that time. They still have not had their day in court. That is not justice for Flint nor for those who have been charged,” they said in a statement. “Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery. They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS.”
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon, Croft, Earley, Shekter Smith and Busch are blamed in the death of Robert Skidmore in December 2015. They were admitted to McClaren Flint hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. They died at home six months later.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but “took no action to alert the public of a deadly” outbreak until nearly a year later, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge as the charges were filed.
Lyon has admitted that they were aware of the Legionnaires' outbreak for months but wanted to delay saying anything public until state Health and Human Services Department investigators finished their own probe.
They told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to “solve the problem” before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, they said, “wasn't one that was easily solved.”
Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents, a majority of them African-Americans. The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming “systemic racism” going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
In March, Corrine Miller, the state's former director of disease control, was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty.  They are a key cooperating witness for Schuette's team.
EAST LONGMEADOW -- The School Committee will propose a school budget of about $30 million for the 2019 fiscal year.
In a presentation at the committee's meeting Monday night, Superintendent Gordon Smith said the 2.85 percent increase over this fiscal year's budget would enable the district to hire a special education teacher for grades six to eight, and a math specialist for grades three to five.
As they went through the proposal, Smith pointed out that East Longmeadow spends less than other similarly sized districts while maintaining student performance.
"We certainly are getting the most out of every dollar we spend," they said.
While members of the committee supported Smith's proposal, some said Town Council, which must sign off on the school budget, should understand the proposal is modest and carefully considered.
Assistant Superintendent for Business Pamela Blair said they and Smith do not take spending lightly when writing the budget.
"We're not being frivolous," Blair said. "We're very careful with how we spend taxpayers' money."
At the same meeting, committee members voted down a measure to participate in school choice for the 2018-2019 school year.
Participation would have allowed a total of 12 students from outside districts to attend East Longmeadow Public Schools starting next school year.
In a discussion, Vice Chair Gregory Thompson argued that since 12 East Longmeadow students choice out of East Longmeadow, and take with them $5,000 each in state funding, it makes sense to replace those students with others from outside the district.
"We're exporting $60,000 worth of student costs," Thompson said. "If all these other towns are doing it, it can't be a cost loss."
However, other members said participation could be a net loss, and doubted the benefits of school choice to East Longmeadow. The Committee voted down the measure in a 3-2 vote with Thompson and Committee Chair Deirdre Mailloux favoring participation, and William Fonseca, Elizabeth Marsian-Boucher and Richard Freccero voting against it.
KARACHI :Mayor of Karachi, Wasim Akhtar while presiding over a meeting on storm-water drains directed officers concerned to complete the cleaning and removal of chocking points in the city drains so that these drains could be saved from overflow during the coming monsoon season. They said that such an effective strategy should be adopted for channelization and cleaning of drains that could stop dumping of garbage and other waste in drains and water flow in these channels could be made better. The meeting was attended by the director general works Shahab Anwer, senior director coordination Masood Alam, chief engineer KDA Ramchand, chief engineers of different zones and executive engineer of city drains. The mayor was given a detailed briefing on the occasion regarding cleaning of Gujjar Nala and Mehmoodabad Nala and other development plan for these drains. The mayor said we need to complete the cleaning work of drains on priority basis because rainy season starts in June and we have to complete all preparations in the first week of May. They said the clear space around the drains should now be used in an effective way so that no one could re-establish encroachments there. The mayor said whatever funds available for this purpose would be utilized only on cleaning of storm-water drains so that surrounding localities could be saved from overflowing of drains during rains. They urged the officers to work with mutual coordination and under a better strategy to bring improvement in the condition of these natural channels of drainage of rain water in the city.
Orignally published by APP
ISLAMABAD, April 18 (APP): National Assembly Standing Committee on
Finance Tuesday recommended reducing General Sales Tax (GST) from current 17 per cent to 15 per cent for next fiscal year (2017-18) to facilitate people.
The committee also recommended expanding the tax base by introducing further structural reforms in the prevailing system.
The meeting of the committee was chaired by Qiaser Ahmed Sheikh.
Member of National Assembly (MNA), Asad Umar said dependence upon
withholding and indirect taxes should be reduced by taking drastic measures.
They also proposed to impose 0.5 per cent net wealth tax which should be adjustable against the income tax and this measure would help generation of extra Rs 300 to Rs 400 billion a year.
They said the net wealth tax could be gradually increased in future.
The committee also proposed revaluation of the real estate property
while at the same time; the committee also recommended reducing property tax.
MNA Mustafa Mehmood on the occasion said usage of digital money should be promoted in order to document the economy.
Asad Umar also opposed the idea of giving amnesty schemes saying that this would encourage the tax evaders.
“The government should give exemplary punishment to the tax evaders in a bid to discourage the habit of tax evasion,” they added.
The committee decided to convene single agenda meeting to discuss the budget proposals on April 26 and all concerned stakeholders and departments would be invited in the meeting.
Regarding issue of property purchased by Pakistani Nationals in Dubai,
Asad Umar pointed out that they had asked the concerned departments regarding the validity of those transactions but they did not receive positive response.
Qaiser Ahmed Sheikh said in the next regular meeting, the officials
of National Accountability Bureau (NAB), Federal Investigating Agency (FIA), Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) and Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP) would be summoned to reply the questions raised by Asad Umar.
The meeting was also attended by Daniyal Aziz, Muhammad Pervaiz Malik, Shaza Fatima Khawaja and Dr Shizra Mansab Ali Khan Kharral.
MUZAFFARABAD, Aug 13 (APP): Arrangements have been finalized to celebrate 70th Independence Day of Pakistan throughout Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) on Monday with full zeal and enthusiasm to continue struggle for right to self determination till its logical end.
The celebrations were started in Muzaffarabad, the capital of AJK on Sunday evening with fireworks at Domel and Nalochi bridges in the middle of the city under the auspices of Municipal Corporation followed by a similar activity by Development Authority Muzaffarabad (DAM) at Sathra Park at 10pm.
The day will begin with specials prayers in the mosques for the progress and prosperity of the country followed by flag hoisting ceremonies at all district headquarters of the territory.
Main such like activity will be held at President House where President Sardar Masood Khan will hoist the National flag while commissioners and deputy commissioners will hoist flags at their respective headquarters.
A tourism gala has been planned at Rawalakot air in connection with such celebrations by tourism department which will be inaugurated by President Sardar Masood Khan at 11 am after flag hoisting and will end on 15th of August.
Seminars and functions will be held at all cities and towns of Azad Kashmir to explore the significance of independence and express love and affection for Pakistan besides organizing rallies.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - A Hong Kong penny stock firm announced the appointment of new leadership following the anti-graft agency's arrest of its three executive directors last week.
Convoy Global Holdings Ltd (1019.HK) was identified as part of a network of penny-stock firms whose share prices crashed spectacularly in June.
It has appointed Johnny Chen, a former chairperson of China at Zurich Insurance Group (ZURN.S) and former executive member of the Greater-China Management Board at PricewaterhouseCoopers, as its executive director and interim chairperson of the board, it said on Sunday.
It has also appointed Yap E-hock and Ip Yee-kwan as its executive directors, and named three new independent non-executive directors, Francine Fu, Martin Pak and Yan Tat-wah, it said in a stock exchange statement.
The Independent Commission Against Corruption, in its first ever joint operation with markets watchdog the Securities and Futures Commission, arrested Convoy's three executive directors, Wong Lee-man, Fong Sut-sam and Chan Lai-yee last week.
The trio was suspended by the company following the arrests.
Published:
Share This
Presidential spokesperson, Femi Adesina, says President Buhari's scheduled visit to Rivers state is as a result of the repeated killings and beheadings happening in the state.Recall that on January 1st, an attack carried out by some militants/cultists in Omoku community in the state led to the death of 20 persons who had just returned home from church where they had gone to usher in the new year.Rivers state governor, Nyesom Wike, last week questioned the reason for the presidential visit. Governor Wike in a state function, said their state is peaceful and that there was no need for the presidential visit. They also alleged that the presidency is yet to inform them on the planned visit.Reacting to Wike's comment, Femi Adesina in an interview they had over the weekend, said that President Buhari wants to condole with the families that have lost loved ones during the various killings in the state.“If Governor Wike doesn't understand, the rest of the country understands. We understand, other Nigerians understand. Even people in Rivers state understand because on New Year Day, a minimum of 24 people were killed in Omoku. So, is that not crisis? And can you count the number of people that have been beheaded in Rivers state in recent times? People will be killed and heads will be cut off and the assailants will go away with the heads.So, can anybody say that there is no security issue in that kind of place? It's left to the governor. He's the chief security officer. If they say there's no security crisis in their state, good luck to him.”Asked what will happen if Governor Wike fails to welcome the president during their scheduled visit, Adesina said ''I'm sure they will be formally informed of the date. So, if they now say they don't want the visit, it's left to them and the federal government to decide the next step. But the president is visiting so that they can condole with people who lost their loved ones, 24 people minimum, were killed in Omoku. So, those people are the reason.Those people and the many beheaded; relations of those beheaded and their heads taken away, are the reason why the president is visiting the state.”
The 70th annual DGA Awards are under way at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, with Judd Apatow hosting the show.
Directors Guild of America President Thomas Schlamme opened the ceremonies Saturday night. Referring to their work on “The West Wing,” they said, “I will continue to model myself after the fictitious president,” they said.
Schlamme emphasized the guild's commitment to opposing sexual harassment, saying, “This is not just a fight by women for women. They didn't create this problem. It's a fight for everyone for a better world for everyone.
“What's clear is our decades-long fight to ensure the inclusion of women and people of color in the director's chair,” they added.
Apatow offered several well-received jibes at Harvey Weinstein, saying, “What Harvey Weinstein ruined was robes. If I wear one now, my wife says ‘ewww.'”
Niki Caro won the first award of the evening in children's programs for Netflix's “Anne with an E” for the “Your Will Shall Decide Your Destiny” episode.
Glenn Weiss won the Variety/Talk/News/Sports – Specials category for the 89th Annual Academy Awards, made memorable by the mistaken presentation of the Best Picture Oscar to “La La Land” rather than “Moonlight.” Weiss thanked the members of their crew for dealing with the mistake quickly and their teachers for instructing them in dealing with stressful situations.
Related Jordan Peele, Greta Gerwig, Guillermo del Toro on Keys to Writing WGA, Oscar-Nominated Films New DGA President Thomas Schlamme Tackles New Challenges
“It's not just about how to direct but how to react when there's pressure,” they added.
Don Roy King won the variety/talk — regularly scheduled program category for the “Saturday Night Live” segment hosted by Jimmy Fallon. It was their third DGA award.
WINNERS OF THE 70TH DGA AWARDS
VARIETY/TALK/NEWS/SPORTS – SPECIALS
GLENN WEISS
The 89th Annual Academy Awards
(ABC)
Mr. Weiss's Directorial Team:
Associate Directors: Ken Diego, Eve Adair, Susan Kopensky, Lori Margules, Robin Mishkin Abrams, Michael Polito
Stage Managers: Gary Natoli, Rita Cossette, Dave Cove, John Esposito, Valdez Flagg, Chris Hines, Alissa Levisohn Hoyo, Arthur Lewis, Roxanne Lozano, Ron Paul, Tammy Raab, Jason Seligman, Jackie Stathis, Cheryl TeetzelMoore, Debbie Williams, Ari Woog
VARIETY/TALK/NEWS/SPORTS – REGULARLY SCHEDULED PROGRAMMING
DON ROY KING
Saturday Night Live, “Host: Jimmy Fallon”
(NBC)
Mr. King's Directorial Team:
Associate Directors: Michael Mancini, Michael Poole, Bob Caminiti
Stage Managers: Gena Rositano, Chris Kelly
CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS
NIKI CARO
Anne with an E, “Your Will Shall Decide Your Destiny”
(Netflix)
(Updates with details, CEO quote)
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Philips Lighting, the world's largest maker of lights, reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter core earnings on Friday, underpinned by cost cutting and lower research and development expenses.
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, and amortisation (EBITA) came in at 207 million euros ($259 million), the company said, compared with 188 million euros a year ago.
Analysts polled for Reuters had seen EBITA at 198 million euros.
The company's comparable sales were in line with expectations, up 3 percent at 1.98 billion euros.
“The firm's professional lighting business, which grew EBITA to 87 million euros from 46 million euros a year ago, was benefiting from growth in most regions,” CEO Eric Rondolat said.
In an outlook, Philips Lighting said it would target positive full-year sales growth, along with EBITA margins of 10 percent-10.5 percent.
In the fourth quarter, traditionally the company's strongest, comparable sales grew 3 percent to 1.89 billion euros at a margin of 10.9 percent.
Philips Lighting, which was spun out of Philips in 2016, said it would continue cutting costs and expected to benefit mostly in the second half of 2018 with “a soft start in the first quarter.”
While most geographies are expanding, the lights manufacturer continues to suffer from difficult market conditions in the Middle East, notably Saudi Arabia, the company said.
The company's free cash flow would remain positive but decline from 403 million euros in 2017, due to higher restructuring payments.
In the United States, where the company competes with Acuity Brands Rondolat said, “we are not losing market share.”
A roundup of the past week's notable boxing results from around the world:
Saturday at Monterrey, Mexico
Roberto Garcia (41-3, 24 KOs) W10 Omar Chavez (36-4-1, 24 KOs)
Middleweight
Scores: 97-92, 96-93 (twice)
Rafael's remarks: Chavez, 27, of Mexico, is the fighting son of Hall of Famer Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. and the younger brother of former middleweight titlist Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. Although Omar Chavez has not come close to matching even their brother's accomplishments in the ring, they entered this fight having won four bouts in a row, including the most significant win of their career, a second-round knockout of Ramon Alvarez, Canelo Alvarez's older brother, in their rematch on April 29. Garcia, 37, of Weslaco, Texas, is a far more experienced fighter, and they were good enough to earn their 13th win in a row since a 10-round decision loss to Antonio Margarito in 2010.
It was a competitive fight at times, but Chavez hurt their cause when they hit Garcia with repeated low blows in the second round and referee Frank Garza docked them one point. Chavez was simply too passive against the more aggressive Garcia, who also landed the heavier punches, including some good body shots. In the end, Chavez did not look nearly as good as they did in their big win over Alvarez, and what was supposed to be a friendly crowd cheering for Chavez wound up booing their lethargic and poor performance.
Moises Calleros (27-7-1, 15 KOs) W8 Mario Rodriguez (20-14-5, 12 KOs)
Junior flyweight
Scores: 80-82 (twice), 79-73
Rafael's remarks: Calleros, 28, of Mexico, won their second fight in a row since losing a split decision to Tatsuya Fukuhara in an interim strawweight title bout on Feb. 26 in Japan. Calleros rolled to a near-shutout decision in a rematch with former strawweight world titleholder Rodriguez, 28, of Mexico. Rodriguez now holds a record of 1-5-1 in their last seven fights, including another eight-round decision loss, albeit a closer one, to Calleros in July 2016.
Saturday at Cancun, Mexico
Francisco Rodriguez Jr. (24-4-1, 16 KOs) KO7 Elias Joaquino (11-1-1, 6 KOs)
Junior bantamweight
Rafael's remarks: In 2014, Rodriguez, 24, of Mexico, outpointed Japan's Katsunari Takayama in the fight of the year, a breathtaking slugfest to unify strawweight world titles. Rodriguez moved up in weight after that bout and went just 1-2-1 in their next four fights, but has since righted their ship. They won their sixth fight in a row, handing Joaquino, 25, their first defeat in their first bout outside of their home country of the Philippines. Joaquino was taking a big step up in the level of their opposition and could not hang with Rodriguez.
Rodriguez landed practically at will, including a left hook to the body that dropped Joaquino in the third round. Rodriguez continued to lay a beating on poor Joaquino, who displayed enormous grit, but could not compete. Finally, when Rodriguez landed another left hook to the body, Joaquino dropped to a knee again, and referee Celestino Castro counted them out at 2 minutes, 35 seconds.
Yuriorkis Gamboa (27-2, 17 KOs) W10 Alexis Reyes (15-3-1, 7 KOs)
Lightweight
Scores: 95-94 (twice), 94-94
Rafael's remarks: Former unified featherweight world titleholder and Cuban Olympic gold medallist Gamboa, 35, was once one of boxing's most dynamic fighters. But they haven't been that way in years. There's been inactivity, a move up in weight and two knockout losses. They haven't looked good in a long time and was coming off a huge upset seventh-round knockout loss to Robinson Castellanos on May 5 on ESPN. Reyes, 22, of Mexico, was just the kind of hand-picked opponent that Gamboa was supposed to shine against, but they failed to do so in a very close majority decision win. Reyes, who lost their second fight in a row, was far more competitive than most would have thought going into the bout and Gamboa, whose other defeat came at the hands of Terence Crawford in a ninth-round knockout in a 2014 lightweight title fight, barely snuck by Reyes.
Also on the card, Alejandra Jimenez (9-0, 7 KOs), 29, of Mexico, made the first defense of their women's heavyweight world title and knocked out Vanessa Lepage Joanisse (3-1, 1 KO), 22, of Canada, in the third round.
Thursday at Los Angeles
Charles Huerta (20-5, 12 KOs) Tech. Dec. 8 Miguel Angel Gonzalez (21-3, 18 KOs)
Junior lightweight
Scores: 78-75, 77-76 Huerta, 78-75 Gonzalez
Rafael's remarks: Headlining Golden Boy's "LA Fight Club" card on Estrella TV, Huerta, 31, of Paramount, California, and Gonzalez, 22, of Mexico, put on a highly competitive fight until it was cut short due to an accidental head clash in the eighth round. Huerta got off to strong start before Gonzalez rallied to make it more physical in the second half. The head contact left Huerta and Gonzalez both with cuts, but Huerta's cut over their right eye was deemed severe enough by the ringside doctor that referee Eddie Hernandez Sr. stopped the contest 32 seconds into the eighth round. Under California rules, the partial round had to be scored by the judges, and Huerta eked out the close majority decision.
Christian "Chimpa" Gonzalez (17-1, 15 KOs) KO3 Daniel Perales (10-11-1, 5 KOs)
Lightweight
Rafael's remarks: Gonzalez, 21, of Buena Park, California, a prospect Golden Boy Promotions was quite high on, suffered a big upset loss on March 10, when unheralded Romero Duno surprisingly dropped them twice and knocked them out in the second round. Making their return on Golden Boy's "LA Fight Club" card, Gonzalez rebounded against Perales, 25, of Mexico, who lost their fifth fight in a row and was not expected to provide much competition. Perhaps Gonzalez regained some confidence that may have been stripped away by their KO loss. Gonzalez, the nephew Alejandro Gonzalez, a mid-1990s featherweight world titleholder, hammered Perales, whom they eventually dropped with a series of blows in the third round. Perales went down to a knee, and referee Wayne Hedgpeth counted them out at 1 minute, 14 seconds.
It's baseball nirvana: The one day we're guaranteed four playoff games. The set-up is a little weird. The American League Division Series games will be played first, meaning they'll have two games in the books before the National League even plays. And how's this for some big names on the mound: We have four former Cy Young winner starters, plus maybe the hottest pitcher on the planet.
So, who is is playing today? Everyone! The Boston Red Sox and Houston Astros begin the day in Houston at 2 p.m. ET, followed by the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians in Cleveland at 5 p.m. Then it's the NL's turn -- the Chicago Cubs and Washington Nationals open their series in D.C. at 7:30, and the Arizona Diamondbacks visit the Los Angeles Dodgers in the late game from Los Angeles at 10:30.
The most important thing of the day: One of those former Cy Young winners starting is not Max Scherzer, who tweaked their hamstring in their final start of the regular season, and Dusty Baker decided to play it safe and push Scherzer back to Game 3. That decision was easier to make because Stephen Strasburg posted a 0.86 ERA over their final 10 regular-season starts with seven scoreless outings.
If you're going to watch only one game, tune in for: Clayton Kershaw on the mound at Dodger Stadium, the best the Dodgers have. Their postseason career has been part Shakespearian tragedy. He's due, right?
ALDS Game 2: Red Sox at Astros (Astros lead 1-0)
Drew Pomeranz (17-6, 3.32) vs. Dallas Keuchel (14-5, 2.90), 2 ET (Fox Sports)
The stakes: Jose Altuve became the ninth player (Babe Ruth did it twice) in postseason history with a three-homer game in Houston's 8-2 win in Game 1, so the Red Sox need a win to avoid the dreaded 2-0 disadvantage. Pomeranz allowed one run in six innings against Houston in the final series of the regular season, but with David Price available in long relief and a 1-0 series deficit, John Farrell has no choice but to have a quick hook with Pomeranz if they get into trouble.
If the Astros win: They're looking good as they turn to secret weapon Brad Peacock in Game 3 (most likely; A.J. Hinch hasn't officially announced their starter). Peacock was 8-0 with a 2.88 ERA on the road.
If the Red Sox win: They should be happy to go back to Fenway with a split. If you get another split, it's probably a Chris Sale-Justin Verlander rematch in Game 5, and you'll take your chance with that, even as poorly as Sale pitched in Game 1.
One key stat to know: Keuchel is the most extreme ground-ball starter in the game with a 68 percent ground-ball rate, but the Red Sox were third in the majors in OPS against Baseball-Reference designation of ground-ball pitchers (compared to 25th against fly ball pitchers).
The matchup that matters most: We have to go Altuve versus Pomeranz. Altuve's home runs came on an 0-2 fastball, 0-0 fastball and 1-1 changeup. During the regular season, Altuve hit .381/.441/.629 against fastballs in the upper half of the zone. Pomeranz throws their fastball in the upper half 74 percent of the time. So ...
The prediction: Keuchel scuffled a bit after coming off the disabled list, but looked much better in September. The Boston lineup just doesn't feel that imposing right now, and Keuchel shuts down the running game. Look for them to pitch a solid game and for Altuve to hit another homer, as the Astros win 5-3.
ALDS Game 2: Yankees at Indians (Indians lead 1-0)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major police crackdown on drug dealing in Bristol saw 12 people arrested - including a man caught with 52 wraps of crack and heroin down their trousers.
Officers in Bristol staged two ‘days of action', where they pulled in their resources and targeted drug dealers to catch them in the act over the course of a couple of days.
The first ‘Day of Action' happened last Tuesday.
1 Two teenagers in The Galleries
Undercover police watched two teenagers dealing in the city centre, and they were later arrested in the Galleries shopping centre.
They were found to be in possession of large amounts of what was suspected to be cannabis, along with cash and phones.
The 16-year-old girl from Horfield, and an 18-year-old man from St Pauls were arrested in the shopping centre on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs, but have since been released under investigation.
2 A group in Castle Park
Officers then targeted Castle Park, where they detained a group who police said were ‘acting suspiciously'.
“Dispersal notices were issued after complaints from members of the public about anti-social behaviour,” a police spokesperson said.
“An 18-year-old girl from Fishponds who repeatedly ignored warnings from officers to leave the area and became aggressive towards them was arrested for a public order offence and was later issued with a fixed penalty notice and released,” they added.
3 A dealer from Bedminster
On the same day, in Beaufort Street in St Judes, police observed what they said was a ‘known drug user' making a suspected deal.
They arrested a 27-year-old man from Bedminster on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, after they were found with suspected Class A drugs and a large amount of cash on him. “He has since been released under investigation,” the spokesperson said.
4 A dealer with wraps and cash in St Philips
In nearby St Philips, police then arrested a 27-year-old man from Barton Hill on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, after police spotted them apparently selling items to a known drug user in Unity Street in St Philips.
“This man was also in possession of a number of wraps of suspected class A drugs, a large amount of cash and a phone,” they added. “He has also been released under investigation.”
5 Two men from Kingswood and Fishponds
Later that day officers arrested a 35-year-old man from Fishponds and a 20-year-old man from Kingswood on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, after officers spotted a car acting suspiciously in the Easton area.
(Image: BBC)
Police stopped the vehicle and searched the occupants who were in possession of a quantity of suspected Class A drugs, large amounts of cash and multiple mobile phones. The men have been released under investigation as police enquiries continue, police said.
The second day of action took place on Thursday last week, and saw more arrests and drug deals busted.
6 The wanted man from St Pauls
The first arrest was a 27-year-old man from St Pauls, who was arrested in Tower Hill, St Philips. “He was wanted on a warrant for failing to attend a court trial for drugs offences,” a police spokesperson said.
“He was remanded in custody and appeared in court the next morning,” they added.
7 The moped chase to Temple Meads
Later on Thursday, police made two arrests which led to subsequent charges.
“Clay James, 22, from Barton Hill, was arrested after a short pursuit of them on a moped by officers which ended at Temple Meads.
“He has been charged with dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and for driving without insurance,” they said.
8 A teenager from London
And a teenager from London was arrested in Backfields Lane in St Pauls, after plain-clothed officers saw drug dealing taking place.
“Daunte Edwards, aged 18 and from London, was arrested,” said a police spokesperson.
“He was charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs.”
9 A wanted man from Easton
And finally, a 24-year-old from Easton - wanted for breach of a court order - was arrested after officers spotted them entering the Lawrence Hill roundabout.
The two days of action came in the same week as a drug dealer was jailed just a couple of weeks after being initially arrested.
10 The dealer with 52 wraps down their trousers
Daniel Miller pleaded guilty to possession of crack cocaine and heroin with intent to supply. They were arrested on May 1 after officers on patrol in Greenbank saw what they described as a known drug user getting out of a hire car.
“The car made off from police, but they managed to block it on Stonebridge Park,” they said.
The 23-year-old from Ballard Close, Speedwell, was driving the car and was found with 52 wraps of Class A drugs down their trousers, along with hundreds of pounds in cash and two mobile phones.
“A later search of their home led to more drugs, cash and phones being seized. They were sentenced to 40 months in prison,” they added.
(Image: BBC Three, Drugsland)
Easton's neighbourhood police chief, Sgt Chris Green, said officers promised people living in St Pauls and Easton that they would deal with people openly dealing drugs in public - and this was the response.
“The number of arrests made last week and the subsequent charges show that we are determined to fulfil our promise made to the communities of Easton and St Pauls that we will not let people get away with openly dealing drugs in their streets,” they said.
“We rely on the support of the community to make these operations work – please tell us what you know, so that we can continue to target the people bringing crime and misery to local areas.
“If you don't want to talk to us, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. They never ask for your name or trace your call and offer up to £1000 in reward for information which leads to an arrest and charge,” they added.
A 23-year-old, Russian-born violinist named Artem Kolesov is capturing international attention after posting a YouTube video in which they come out as gay.
The son of two Pentecostal pastors in a small town an hour away from Moscow, Kolesov says that they have struggled for most of their life to reconcile their sexual orientation with their Christian beliefs and their family's views. "In my family," Kolesov says in their video, "I often heard that all gays should be destroyed, that they should be bombed, and that if anyone in our family turns out to be gay, my family should kill them with their bare hands."
In the video, Kolesov also recounts wrenching episodes from throughout their life. At age seven, they prayed that they would die before their mother found out that they liked boys. They also endured physical and sexual abuse from one of their brothers, who threatened to out them to their parents if Kolesov told anyone about the abuse, and later attempted suicide several times.
Growing up, they say, "I never heard anything good about gay people. All I knew was that gays are the people who everyone should hate. I was scared because I knew that I was gay. I didn't know anyone who I could talk to about it. It seemed that I was the only gay person in Russia."
The violinist made their video as part of the Russian "Children-404" project, which invites teenagers to share their stories and discuss LGBT issues in Russia. In most of their photos and videos, participants shield their identities by holding up a "Children-404" sign in front of their faces.
Instead of creating an anonymous contribution, Kolesov chose to share their name and face, to let fellow LGBT youth in Russia feel less isolated. They recorded the video in Russian, but also provided English subtitles. "We don't come out for heterosexual people to know," they say in their video, which they published on March 29. "We don't come out for the ones who hate us to know. We shout and make as much noise as possible just so other people like us who are scared and can't be themselves would know that they are not a mistake and they are not alone."
Formerly based in Canada, Kolesov now lives in Chicago, where they are first violinist in the Yas Quartet, which is in residence at Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts. Last summer, their ensemble took third prize in the Chamber Division at the Schoenfeld International String Competition which was held in Harbin, China.
In their video, Kolesov contrasts their family's pleasure in their musical accomplishments with their reaction to theirs coming out. "They are ashamed to have a gay son and brother," they say. "They wish that this part of my identity didn't exist. Interesting that my family is proud of me for being a violinist, and is so ashamed of me for being gay, though both of these are parts of my identity."
In the aftermath of releasing their video, Kolesov told BuzzFeed that he's already begun to experience the impact of their decision to come out so publicly. They have received many positive messages from friends and strangers alike, but they said that they are afraid of being arrested if they return to Russia, under enforcement of a vaguely worded but broad "anti-gay propaganda" law. Earlier this month, there were reports that more than 100 gay men in Chechnya were arrested and tortured, with some of them reportedly killed by police. (Authorities have denied both the arrests and the deaths.)
Kolesov is also not currently on speaking terms with their relatives, and told BuzzFeed, "Even if I go back to Russia, I'm not sure I would be feeling completely safe with my own family."
Photo: Larry McCormack / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Van Morrison has announced a new concert DVD/Blu-Ray.
Related: Van Morrison Shares ‘Bring It On Home to Me' Video
The upcoming release captures Morrison's intimate 2016 show at the BBC Radio Theatre, as part of the critically acclaimed BBC Radio 2 In Concert series. Among the songs featured in the performance include “Brown Eyed Girl,” “Wild Night,” “Cleaning Windows” and the new track, “Keep Me Singing.”
Bonus features include the “Up On Cyprus Avenue” concert, a milestone show recorded on “Van the Man's” 70th birthday.
Van Morrison – In Concert is set for release on Feb. 16. Pre-order is available here. Watch the concert trailer below.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd :
* JAN SALES VOLUME FOR VEHICLES 210,151 UNITS VERSUS 167,968 UNITS A YEAR AGO‍​
* JAN TOTAL PRODUCTION VOLUME FOR VEHICLES TOTAL 186,438 UNITS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** The battle over the flow of oil to the West Coast has ratcheted up with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau declaring that Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd's Trans Mountain pipeline expansion will be built, and Alberta Premier Rachel Notley suspending electricity-purchase talks with B.C. tgam.ca/2nuXYdF
** Swoop, the new WestJet Airlines Ltd ultralow-cost carrier (ULCC), will begin operating in June with domestic flights, but will also announce that month how it plans to win back Canadian travellers heading to southern destinations from airports near the U.S. border. tgam.ca/2nuZ2ya
** British Columbia's public auto insurer's ability to meet its obligation to pay claims is on a crumbling footing, a key measure of the financial health of an insurance company shows. The Insurance Corp of B.C., according to its latest financial update, has only half of the capital it is required to hold in reserve to ensure that it is able to pay its claims. tgam.ca/2nvwuVn
NATIONAL POST
** Canadian cannabis stocks plunged on Thursday to their lowest levels since December, and analysts covering the sector say investors should be ready for more volatility in the weeks to come. The pain was widespread, with the Canadian Marijuana Index, which tracks 24 leading cannabis stocks, down more than 11 percent at Thursday's close. bit.ly/2nzXlQr (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said on Friday:
* TOYOTA CHINA JVS TO RECALL 181,797 VEHICLES FROM FEB. 10 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk)
DUBAI/LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson held almost an hour of talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday after flying to Tehran to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker.
“Both spoke forthrightly about the obstacles in the relationship and agreed on the need to make progress in all areas,” said a spokesperson for Britain's Foreign Office after Johnson concluded what was only the third visit to Iran by a British foreign minister in the past 14 years.
Iranian state television had reported that “bilateral relations, the nuclear deal and regional developments made up the axis of the talks,” with the president.
Johnson met Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization earlier on Sunday.
“In both meetings the Foreign Secretary discussed the full range of regional and bilateral issues, including banking matters and our concerns about the consular cases of dual nationals,” the Foreign Office spokesperson said.
On Saturday Johnson had talks with their Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif about “consular cases of dual nationals” such as Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who Britain says was visiting family on holiday when they were jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government.
The case has taken on domestic political importance after Johnson said last month that Zaghari-Ratcliffe trained journalists, which their employer denies. Johnson later apologised. Opponents have called for them to resign if their comments lead to them serving longer in prison.
The two-day visit took place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions.
“It has been a worthwhile visit and we leave with a sense that both sides want to keep up the momentum to resolve the difficult issues in the bilateral relationship and preserve the nuclear deal,” the Foreign Office spokesperson added.
International sanctions against Iran have only recently been lifted as part of the 2015 multilateral nuclear deal to curb Tehran's disputed uranium enrichment programme.
That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran's compliance with its terms. Johnson told Zarif they believed the deal should be fully implemented.
The Foreign Office did not mention Zaghari-Ratcliffe by name, although Johnson has vowed to leave “no stone unturned” in Britain's efforts to free them
A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, they were sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. They deny the charges.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the highest profile case.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organisation that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been told they will appear in court on Sunday, Dec. 10, their husband Richard has said. (Reporting by Dubai newsroom and Elizabeth Piper in London; Editing by Keith Weir)
BOSTON -- Celtics guard Marcus Smart said he's confident he'll be back on the court for the postseason after undergoing thumb surgery last week.
Smart suffered a complete tear of the ulnar collateral ligament in their right shooting hand while diving to the floor in a game against the Indiana Pacers earlier this month. A hand specialist in New York advised immediate surgery with hopes that Smart might be able to return even quicker than the six- to eight-week timeline the team announced after surgery.
"I am confident [I'll be back for the playoffs]," Smart said Monday night, their right arm completely wrapped, at their annual bowling fundraiser for their YounGameChanger Foundation. "I had one of the top [hand] doctors do it. The surgery was a success. Like they told me, you might as well go on and get it now. The quicker you can get it, the quicker the recovery.
"I'm real, real, real excited and eager to get back out there, whenever that is, hopefully it's sooner than later, like I said. Hopefully the team can and, like I think they're gonna do, is handled their business and have me back [in the postseason]."
Editor's Picks Ainge clarifies 'setback' reference on Hayward Danny Ainge sought to clarify their comments on Gordon Hayward having a "setback" a month and a half ago in their rehab from a fractured ankle, saying that wasn't accurate and perhaps too strong a word.
Celts' Smart has thumb surgery, out 6-8 weeks The Celtics' Marcus Smart underwent surgery on their right thumb and will be sidelined for six to eight weeks the team said Friday. 1 Related
Smart said they thought they simply sprained their hand after hitting the floor hard while chasing a loose ball against the Pacers. But testing the hand after swelling subsided revealed the ligament damage. Smart examined options to stay on the court for the remainder of the regular season, but doctors told them they risked further complications that might force them out of action.
"The first [thing] was could I damage it any more?" Smart said. "When we went to get the second opinion, they said the same thing: The ligament is torn completely. There's nothing else you can do. Then there was, 'OK, could I possibly play with it and get the surgery afterwards?' That came into play and when they said -- the doctor pretty much said, 'If it was me, I would get this now. The longer you wait, the harder it [will be] and cause more complications. So just get it over with and then there's a possibility you could be back sooner than you thought.'"
Smart wouldn't put a timetable on their return but suggested they won't try to rush anything. They did note, "I'm just going to attack this rehab, this rehab process like I have in the past and try to come back as strong as possible."
Smart said they and Gordon Hayward were rehabbing in Boston's training facility on Monday.
"It's good to see them walking and everything like that. But, yeah, I've got a workout partner," Smart said.
While the Celtics have been steadfast that Hayward is unlikely to return this season -- with coach Brad Stevens saying earlier this month that "[Hayward is] not playing this year" -- Celtics fans will daydream of Smart and Hayward pushing each other through rehab with a goal of returning for the postseason.
Smart chuckled at the suggestion.
"No we haven't really discussed that," Smart said. "It's kind of touchy. Take it day by day."
Smart said it hasn't entered their mind that, if he's unable to return before Boston's season ends, they might have played their final game in a Celtics uniform. Smart is a restricted free agent this summer, though they made a strong pitch for why the Celtics should bring them back with their post-All-Star Game play after returning from a separate right hand injury.
"My biggest concern was getting this fixed and being ready for whenever I come back," Smart said. "So I haven't given [whether he'd played their last game in Boston] much thought."
The Celtics are currently playing without Smart, Hayward, Daniel Theis (season-ending knee surgery last week), Jaylen Brown (concussion) and Kyrie Irving (sore knee). All five players have been ruled out again for Tuesday's visit from the Thunder. Smart said it's tough to watch the Celtics struggle with the injuries but believes they'll get healthier and right the ship before the postseason.
"It's brutal, especially when you feel like you can get out there and you know you could help your team in ways," Smart said. "When you're sidelined, there's nothing you can do. It's tough."
"There is a palpable aura of danger around failures," they said. "It is almost impossible for most people to separate those two meanings."
But that fear of failure can ultimately stifle creativity. "Failure is a necessary consequence of doing something new," Catmull told the crowd at the Lot42 event space. "You have to be open to the things that don't work in order to make progress."
New problems arise continually. Creativity can be the measure of how we respond, they said.
One of the legacies that came from the making of 1995's "Toy Story" — Pixar's first feature and the first feature-length computer-animated film — was the "brain trust," a group that meets every few weeks as a work-in-progress is presented in rough form.
The meetings are designed to allow peers to speak to peers, with the power structure removed from the room. Honesty is a must; equal contributions from all are desired.
Catmull admitted the company doesn't always live up to its own principles. Egos get in the way, and people learn to ignore each other.
But "every once in a while, magic happens," they said. "You feel ego disappear from the room." Attention turns to the problem at hand, and ideas come and go without a sense of personal attachment.
Catmull also shared memories of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who bankrolled the spinoff of the Lucasfilm division that became Pixar in 1986.
Early failures changed Jobs, and ultimately changed much of the bad behaviour that still came to characterize him, Catmull said. Jobs left Apple in 1985, a year before they funded Pixar's creation. It was a changed Jobs that made Apple great upon their return to the company in 1997, said Catmull.
Jobs developed the ability to listen, and gained empathy, Catmull said. And when they changed, the people who were with them stayed with them for the rest of their life.
"That part of the story was missed," Catmull said. "Change in them was real, and it was deep."
The True North conference continues at Lot42 on Thursday.
bdavis@therecord.com, Twitter: @DavisRecord
bdavis@therecord.com , Twitter: @DavisRecord
Bipin Dani Sports
Colombo
Bismah Maroof, the captain of the Pakistan national women's cricket team is hoping to score their first international hundred in the series beginning against Sri Lanka on Tuesday.
The 26-year-old Lahore-born all rounder came close to hit the first century thrice but the luck did not favor them once.
“Hope the wait ends this time”, speaking exclusively, they said.
“Having played 95 ODIs', the last time I came close to it was against New Zealand (Lincoln, 2016) but unlike the other two instances, I remained unbeaten on 91 runs”.
“I remain positive and will be more than happy to at least register my first hundred in Sri Lanka now”, they said.
Pakistan is scheduled to play three ODIs' on March 20, 22 and 22 at Rangiri Dambulla International Cricket Stadium.
The visiting team is also scheduled to play 3 T-20s (March 28,30 and 31) at SSC Colombo and NCC ground.
Interestingly, cricket was never Bismah's first love. “I was inspired by my father and family. My dad wanted to see me a sports person and tha's how I took up this game”, they said.
Maroof also recalled a cricket-related memory which is still fresh in their mind, “We did not have a proper pitch at school, but we used to play cricket during recess. Once we got an opportunity to play with the hard ball. While fielding I took a catch. My teacher, Sajda, was looking at us from the class window, and they immediately called me to tell that I have a very bright future in cricket. I did not even realize about it, but their words had an impact on me”, they added.
Debts will have to be paid for the casualties of this war, and some soldiers are becoming rather too over-confident
By Robert Fisk Hama, Syria
February 03, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – It's easy to think the war is over. Until mortars from Ghouta swish over Damascus and explode in the old Christian area of Bab el-Touma with its grocery shops and restaurants. Six dead. Or when an army officer comes and says quite casually to you: “Remember Captain Walid? They were martyred four days ago.” I've always felt uneasy about the word “martyred” – about any soldier, or civilian, anywhere.
But that's the way the man referred to Captain Walid Jabbour Khalil. They were a combat correspondent with the Syrian army. They carried a notebook, not a rifle, and they had a dangerous job.
I knew him, though not well. Last year, they were covering the war on the mountains of Qalamun high above Lebanon, a short, cheerful, moustachioed man who, I thought, was happier as an official military reporter than an infantryman. They had been recording how the bodies of Jabhat al-Nusra fighters lay on the edge of an escarpment just captured by the army and its Hezbollah allies.
Russian and German official combat reporters and photographers had a short life expectancy in the Second World War – their Allied opposite numbers somewhat longer – and they took their chances in battles, cruel and fair, on the side of the aggressors or the liberators. Walid Jabbour, like their colleagues, was making a record of the Syrian army's war, as ruthless a struggle as any in the recent history of the Middle East. They were shot dead by a sniper – probably a Jabhat al-Nusra man – in the battle of Harasta in eastern Damascus. They were wearing a flak jacket. The bullet, very carefully aimed according to their colleagues, hit them just beneath the lower left side of the protective armour.
By one of those awful ironies that war regularly throws up, Jabbour and their fellow cameramen were two weeks ago making a documentary about their own work. So their death, as they scrambled through a doorway, was recorded by one of their own photographer friends. They were a Christian – how we need to note these small matters now, in a war that has plastered coloured sectarian stickers over the landscape of every Syrian map. They were 38 and married, with a young son. Their commanding officer, a Damascus general, attended the funeral – they are a Muslim and it was the first Christian church service they had ever attended. They gave a speech by the coffin, they said, amazed by the music and the extraordinary vestments of the priests.
The power of the internet has invaded every war now and it's not just Jabbour whose death shocks each family. Soldiers of the Syrian government receive more public notice than the civilians of either side – the casualty figures for the Syrian war, anywhere from 240,000 to 450,000 dead, have now reached fantastically unreliable proportions. For all we know, they may even be closer to half a million, although that is unlikely.
But every Syrian knows – and has watched over and over again – the appalling, moving images of the death of 19-year-old Fadi Zidan, a cadet in the “National Defence” militia. They had joined up in 2015 and just four days later was seized by Isis fighters in Palmyra. And there their terrible fate was recorded forever – largely unseen in the West, of course, but regarded inside Syria with all the reverence (or hatred, depending on your point of view) humans bestow upon a religious painting.
Because they were an Alawite – or a “Nusairi”, as they are called by their persecutors in the film – Isis decided that they were a heretic as well as a tank driver (impossible, since they were only four days in uniform) and a chilling, white-shrouded figure standing behind the young man sentences them to be killed “as you do to our people”. Zidan appears dressed in the orange jumpsuit of Guantanamo and Isis infamy, their feet shackled in chains, the man in white announcing that they will be driven over by a captured Syrian tank.
The next images show Zidan standing perhaps 20 yards in front of a roaring tank which charges forward on full throttle. They turn desperately away to the right, and half-jumps in their chains to avoid their death but the left-hand side tank track catches up with him. Syrians have seen the unedited footage. Readers should be spared. All that is left in the last frames of the film is a crushed, orange-coloured mass of rags on the road behind the tank, a group of Isis members screaming “Allahu Akbar!” The Serbs did the same to the Muslims of the Drina Valley. Thus, too, did Uzbek General Dostum punish their enemies in northern Afghanistan.
But how should one contemplate such barbarity? And go on accepting, in the kind of nonchalant, easy way we do in the West, as Syrian civilians are blown apart and gassed and starved? I was in a black-stone village north west of Hama last week – destroyed, of course – when a Syrian army major casually said, “My cousin was martyred here three years ago”.
Slowly, more figures emerge. In the tiny village of Arabiyah in the same countryside, around 350 of its menfolk had died in uniform – either of the Syrian army or the “National Defence” groups. The enormity of the figure is only obvious when you realise that the entire village population of men, women and children is scarcely 8,000.
What is the real cost of this war in the ranks of Bashar al-Assad's army? I think it passed 70,000 dead some months ago. Eighty thousand, perhaps. What rewards do their families expect from such a sacrifice? There will be debts to be paid.
I have to say, however, that after a 2,000-mile tour over much of Syria, I have – for the first time in recent months – seen neither a single Hezbollah member nor Iranian revolutionary guard. And since Western leaders believe Syria is swamped with Iranians, this is interesting.
I travel where I wish – apart, of course, from the small areas still held by Isis – and I'm quick to spot a Hezbollah fighter (usually because they come from Lebanon, where I live, and I know some of them). But there are plenty of Russians patrolling the desert highways, even running convoys up the main supply route from Homs to Aleppo.
Yet I cannot forget the flurry of mortars that crashed into Bab Touma a few days ago. And, after passing through literally more than 100 military checkpoints, I find Syrian soldiers a bit too over-confident right now, too ready to believe it's almost come to an end. Wars can be most dangerous when they are close to the end.
This article was originally published by “The Independent” –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/48721.htm
Nationals Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin, Mayor of Ballina Council David Wright and Bob Higgins from Roads and Maritime Services viewing the new koala hot spot signs.
Nationals Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin, Mayor of Ballina Council David Wright and Bob Higgins from Roads and Maritime Services viewing the new koala hot spot signs. Contributed
KOALAS are definitely the hot topic of conversation at the moment with the Greens wanting to stop highway construction for them and now the Nationals weighing in with new hot spot signs.
New flashing signs on the Pacific Highway at Wardell south of Ballina will alert drivers to koala 'hot spots' in the area.
Federal Member for Page Kevin Hogan said 13 of the new signs had been permanently installed to make sure motorists slow down and watch out for koalas on the highway.
"The upgrade is already cutting travel times and freight costs, and saving the lives of drivers - and these signs will help protect the lives of koalas as well," they said.
New South Wales Minister for Roads, Maritime and Freight Melinda Pavey said the signs were a key part of Roads and Maritime Services' Koala Management Plan, which aims to eliminate koala deaths on the Pacific Highway.
"Six of the signs, which are activated by approaching vehicles, have amber flashing lights in the top corners as well as 'slow down' in white lights at the bottom," Mrs Pavey said.
New South Wales Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin said about 110 hectares, equating to 80,000 koala food trees, had so far been planted and there were plans to plant another 20 hectares as part of the Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade.
"About 16 kilometres of the new highway is also being fully fenced between Richmond River and Coolgardie Road," Mr Franklin said.
The project team will install 26 wildlife crossings in the area, which equates to about one crossing every 500 metres. More information and updates about the Koala Management Plan are available on the Roads and Maritime Services website at rms.nsw.gov.au/W2B.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Datasection Inc
* Says it will sell entire 66.7 percent voting power in Tokyo-based firm Weavers, for 23.3 million yen, on March 20
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/kpWpjN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Marijuana legalization is growing, so let it be better studied, Shifman writes. (Photo: Brennan Linsley / AP)
Whether you love it or hate it, it's a fact that 29 states have some form of marijuana decriminalization or legalization, with more considering the possibility.
People have strong opinions about the legalization of marijuana — but how often are those opinions based on science and an understanding of evolving best practices? It's high time we have a national conversation that is rational, science-based, and open minded around the many public health implications.
Substance use disorders, youth prevention, drugged driving, health effects, pesticides — the list is long, and these questions make it a complex process for states working to translate policy and legislation into reasonable regulation.
The marijuana industry has been dominated by commercial interests, and any national conference or gathering has been overshadowed by these market drivers. Is this how we want public policy to be determined: On the fly and pressured by interests more concerned about profit than public health and safety? Or do we want to invest the time and energy into research, thoughtful policy-making, and application of best practices as they evolve?
We think the latter, which is why we've organized the National Cannabis Summit, to be held Aug. 28-30, in Denver, as the first forum for states and stakeholders to gather and have a neutral, objective, and open conversation about the hard questions.
Speakers will include top experts on U.S. drug policy, officials from states in more advanced stages of implementing medical/recreational marijuana, and federal representation with a research focus. They bring knowledge of public health and safety, public policy, research, governance and science. The topics will focus on practical approaches to sorting through the challenges raised.
The hosting organizations — Advocates for Human Potential, Inc., National Council for Behavioral Health, and Addiction Technology Transfer Center (ATTC) Network — have no financial interest in the event and have ensured there will be no ties to industry. There is a fee to defray expenses because we don't have that industry support.
These organizations have donated the time to create this event because we think it is critical that we establish a thoughtful national dialogue. This is a platform for you — the policymakers, state officials, public health and medical professionals: the stakeholders who have to implement new legislation — to listen, share experience, gain knowledge from others who have gone before, and bring back practical ideas to make it work.
Let's stop pushing the mythology of marijuana and start focusing on research and science. Let's stop making assumptions, jumping to conclusions, and firing off opinions not based in fact.
More research is needed and is key to making good policy decisions. So while we're at it, let's encourage the federal government to remove marijuana as a Schedule I drug, the most restrictive category reserved for drugs with no medicinal value and high potential for abuse. This will make it easier for researchers to conduct studies and add to the body of knowledge that informs good public policy.
Neal Shifman is president and CEO of Advocates for Human Potential, Inc.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w3QFyW
We've hand-picked a mix of Massachusetts General Hospital and other research-related news and stories for your weekend reading enjoyment:
Tiny Marvels – Miniature versions of organs help scientists understand disease and fine-tune treatments in ways that work in mice can't match.
Global C-Section Rates on the Rise – Caesarean section rates have increased in most countries during the past decade, with substantial variations between and within countries, Massachusetts General Hospital researchers reported.
Study links smartphone use with depression in teens – Research from Steven Schlozman, a child psychiatrist at Massachusetts General Hospital's Clay Center for Young Healthy Minds, suggests excessive cell phone use by teens may be contributing to a mental health crisis in that age group.
Why teenagers eat Tide pods
A Mysterious Amnesia, Related to Opioid Overdose, Creeps Beyond New England
The Communicator's Art – Richard Besser's insights from a career talking public health to the public
top photo courtesy of Proto Magazine
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Sandy Beach Action Group (SANDBAGS) members turned out yesterday to oppose the proposed Sandy Shores North housing development calling for a review of the development.
Sandy Beach Action Group (SANDBAGS) members turned out yesterday to oppose the proposed Sandy Shores North housing development calling for a review of the development. Contributed
NORTHERN Beaches residents opposed to the Sandy Shores North housing development said they face the 'mother of all bureaucratic doublespeak.'
The residents group Sandy Beach Action Group (Sandbags) is concerned about the impact the proposed estate would have on nearby Hearnes Lake.
Rallying on the beach on Saturday, the residents group said it is being told that 'demolition' can actually mean 'start of construction' while being led to believe that 'start of construction' does not necessarily mean work has begun.
"Tired with a lack of transparency and confronted by mountains of technical information and official gibberish, the residents of Sandy Beach are calling on the NSW Planning Minister, Anthony Roberts, to come good with the promise of an independent review of the controversial housing development," Sandbags spokesperson Peter Quiddington said.
A development application for the estate is currently before Coffs Harbour City Council, with the decision likely to be made by the State Government's Joint Regional Planning Panel.
Dr Quiddington said locals had returned from their holiday break to find out they only have until February 9 to respond to the development proposal.
They said its now hoped the period for responses would be extended to early March following appeals to the council.
"In late 2017, it was unclear to residents if the developers had met the condition of having to 'start construction' before December 20, that year, in order for the Concept Approval to remain valid," they said.
"There was no sign of construction on the site. However, Coffs Harbour City Council has acknowledged the start of construction condition was met by the demolition of two houses in Pine Crescent in mid 2017, which provided access to the site.
"To most observers, 'start construction' would suggest that work had actually begun on the site.
"One requirement (on the developer) is the allocation of six hectares of high environmental value land on the eastern side of the area, to the Coffs Harbour Regional Park.
"But, there is no evidence that this land has been designated.
"This is just one condition that is supposed to be met 'prior to any construction'."
They said negotiations have been under way with the board of Regional Parks and NSW National Parks, but these reportedly have not been concluded and don't appear to be progressing rapidly.
"There was a sigh of relief when the Sandy Beach Action Group (Sandbags) was shown correspondence from August last year stating that the Minister for Planning, Anthony Roberts, had called for a review by the independent Planning Assessment Commission," Dr Piddington said.
"The review was triggered by the fact that there had been a large number of submissions from residents to the Department, over the most recent modification (Mod 5) to the Concept Approval, submitted by the proponent in mid-2017," they said.
At a public meeting in June 2017, many residents first became aware that the development was now back on track, and so began sending in submissions, mostly objecting to the development.
"While the community is given a strict time period, usually thirty days, to respond to any changes, or modifications to Concept Approvals, there is no such requirement on the developer to respond to issues raised," they said.
"And, nor is there any requirement on the Minister to have a proponent respond, so that a date for a promised independent assessment can be set.
"As a result, this matter has drifted, and none of the community's concerns have been addressed."
Soccer: Lazio beat Juventus 3-2 in dramatic Italian Super Cup
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 09:40 IST
Soccer Football - Juventus vs Lazio Italian Super Cup Final - Rome, Italy - August 13, 2017 Lazio's Ciro Immobile scores their first goal from the penalty spot REUTERS/Alberto Lingria
ROME (Reuters) - Lazio won the Italian Supercup for the fourth time after a stoppage-time goal by substitute Alessandro Murgia gave them a 3-2 victory over last season's domestic double winners Juventus at the Stadio Olimpico on Sunday.
Juve, who beat Lazio 2-0 in the Italian Cup final at the same venue in May after they had also won the league title, came back from a two-goal deficit in a frantic five-minute spell before Murgia netted the winner.
Lazio dominated the opening hour as striker Ciro Immobile fired them ahead with a 32nd-minute penalty after they were brought down by Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon and then headed a delightful Marco Parolo cross into the far corner in the 54th.
Looking out for the count, Juventus staged a late comeback as Argentina forward Paulo Dybala put them on level terms with goals in the 85th and 90th minutes.
Dybala curled in a superb free kick from 25 metres and then converted a penalty, throwing vociferous Juventus fans into raptures as both lots of supporters created a cracking atmosphere on the terraces.
But the bianconeri's celebrations were short-lived as Murgia swept in a low cross from the left at the death, delighting the Lazio contingent as they settled a rip-roaring curtain raiser to the Italian season.
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Rex Gowar)
This article originally appeared in the July 2011 issue of Architectural Digest.
For most people the Dominican Republic—or “the D.R.” as it is commonly known—brings to mind merengue, major-league sluggers, and windswept fairways with Caribbean views. But for French-born decorator Genevieve Faure, tasked with designing a residence in the exclusive Puntacana Resort & Club for a European couple, the D.R. is more about unlimited artistic possibility. “There's freedom to invent here,” they observe of this fashionable tropical getaway, where regulars at the raucous annual Carnaval include Puntacana codevelopers Julio Iglesias and Oscar de la Renta (the latter is an avid domino player locally nicknamed Don Oscar).
Faure's clients, who spend much of the year in Switzerland, were drawn to the island's palm-fringed lushness and, especially, the warmth of its people. Faure had close knowledge of both, having visited the Dominican Republic frequently while practicing design in New York City and the Hamptons. For the couple, they conceived of an informal Mediterranean village by the ocean, a landscaped compound of living areas, bedrooms, and dining spaces—seven buildings in all—visually anchored by two peaked-roof towers facing each other across a central courtyard.
Faure created a scale model of the property, then enlisted D.R. architects Juanchy Zorrilla and Trini Baquero and a team of artisans to help them build it—quite literally—from the ground up, getting on their hands and knees to lay black and white river stones across the courtyard. “I've always been attracted to the manual aspects of design,” they say. “In the Dominican Republic the construction techniques are rustic in a nice way. The word ‘Sheetrock' is never mentioned, and traditional stucco application is routine. From a worker's point of view it's tough, but the result is a house that comes across as solid and real, with a very earthy feeling.”
Faure employed regional materials wherever possible, including Dominican Aguayo cement tiles painted in vivid, colorful patterns—the more weathered and worn the better, because to the designer they recall turn-of-the-century Europe. Continental associations emerge elsewhere, too: The formal rectangular garden Faure laid out for their clients conjures the South of France, while the poolhouse, with its Doric columns and stepped pyramidal roof, is Greek by way of Nassau, Bahamas. “It's a mishmash of architectural history,” the decorator cheerfully admits. “But that's what I was trying to achieve.”
Well-known as a master manipulator of interior space, Faure revels in the art of playing with scale and volume. That stylish legerdemain is on display in the living room, where grisaille wall paintings of supersized 18th-century botanical prints have a sort of King Kong-meets-Zuber effect. In the master bedroom, they infused the plaster with transparent colored washes to subtly suggest wainscot, window moldings, and other architectural details. In several instances mirrors are built into walls, a favorite technique that “tricks the eye with reflection,” they say, while furniture, much of it designed by Faure and executed by local craftsman Salvador Gonzalez, is kept to a minimum. The decorator made artful use of back-to-back built-in sofas on concrete bases, softened with old Argentine ponchos, Uzbek throws, and other textiles stylishly slung over cushions. “You don't want too much fabric here,” they say. “It's too humid.” A desk for the gentleman of the house—usually overrun with books and newspapers—is deliberately placed in the center of the main room to reinforce Faure's preference for déshabillement, a lived-in elegance conveyed throughout by a chic mix: Turkish kilims, striped Rose Cumming fabric, Anglo-Indian chairs, and practical finds from IKEA. “If something is good-looking and functional,” the decorator notes, “it doesn't matter whether it comes from Hermès or Kmart.”
On rainy evenings the couple will often dine at the table in the pool pavilion so they can plunge into the water when the spirit moves them. In such a heady, sensual environment, where ripe passion fruit and mangoes are plucked from trees and eaten with a spoon, even the most inspired interiors find formidable competition.
“This is a place to read books by the pool, work in the garden, and watch the sea spray on rocks,” says Faure of their clients' home. “On such a beautiful island, it's nature, rather than fabrics or wall coverings, that becomes truly absorbing.”
(Reuters) - U.S. cable operator Charter Communications Inc said on Friday its quarterly profit surged due to a $9.3 billion benefit related to the recent changes in U.S. corporate tax laws.
Charter's net income rose to $9.55 billion, or $34.56 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $454 million, or $1.67 per share, a year earlier.
Total revenue rose 3.2 percent to $10.60 billion, helped by strong growth in its residential services business that includes video, internet and voice services.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Chrysler 300 Enlarge Photo
Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne is scheduled to reveal a company-wide strategy Friday at an investor meeting in Balocco, Italy, their last before their retirement next year, and there are rumors swirling the plans might call for the axing of the Chrysler brand, whose lineup consists of just the 300 and Pacifica.
The rumor was reported Wednesday by Automotive News (subscription required), which cited an anonymous source.
Another Automotive News source said the plans also call for the pull out of Fiat from the United States and China, as well as a shrinking of the iconic Italian brand's lineup.
This rumor is backed up by a report from Bloomberg published May 25 claiming Fiat's lineup would shrink to just the 500 and Panda, and that production of the affordable cars would be moved outside of Italy to make way for higher margin luxury models from Alfa Romeo and Maserati.
Sergio Marchionne Enlarge Photo
The irony isn't lost that the two brands that form FCA's name are two of the most neglected in the automaker's portfolio (the worst is actually Lancia which has one model and operates exclusively in Europe). However, given their low margins and limited markets compared to FCA's other brands, the result is not at all surprising.
It was in Balocco in 2004 where Marchionne, who had just been named CEO of a Fiat, announced a turnaround plan for automaker which was struggling at the time. Since then he's merged Fiat with Chrysler and boosted the group's value more than ten-fold.
Also expected in their final strategy to be announced Friday will be more models for current cash cow Jeep, expansion of Ram into more markets, redesigns for Dodge's aging fleet, and possibly greater integration of Alfa Romeo and Maserati ahead of a possible spinoff of the Italian brands.
We should know more tomorrow so stay tuned.
The Riga pulled into port this morning (April 17, 2017) and is now loading wheat at Riverland Ag. Above, they slowly moved into the slip at Riverland Ag after coming under the Duluth Aerial Lift Bridge. I was a little confused about the ship when their arrival was first announced. Someone told me they were formerly called Flinter Aland. I knew well a ship from Holland called Flinterland from prior trips here so i was a bit puzzled. This ship was launched as the Flinter Aland in 2011 by a company also called Flinter Aland. That company declared bankruptcy in Holland in December, 2016, hence the new name from a company that bought them sometime before or after the bankruptcy. Look closely behind the name Riga on their stern and you will notice their prior name, Flinter Aland, has been painted over and their new name added on top. Click the pic below to see a larger version and check out other pictures i took of the ship this morning on their ship page.
The murder of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, could have been engineered by a North Korean faction loyal to the current chief to eliminate a possible threat to the regime, South Korean experts said Wednesday.
In interviews with The Korea Herald, the pundits also asserted that the killing may have been motivated by Kim Jong-un's concern that the elder Kim may seek political asylum in other countries and become the most high-profile dissenter of the Stalinist regime.
The views were contrary to the assessment of South Korea's top spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which told lawmakers Wednesday that the incident is presumed to have been based on Kim Jong-un's “paranoia” about their older half-brother, rather than a calculated decision.
“In order to show their loyalty to the leader Kim, some fervent subordinates might have acted on a tacit order from them to take out Kim Jong-nam” said Ahn Chan-il, director of the World North Korea Research Center and former North Korean military officer who fled to South Korea in 1979.
Photos of the two unidentified women who allegedly attacked Kim Jong-nam, as reported by local media
North Korea`s leader Kim Jong-un(left) and their half brother Kim Jong-nam. Yonhap
Kim Jong-nam, 47, died Monday after being attacked with poison by two unidentified women at a Kuala Lumpur airport while waiting for a flight to Macau, where their family members live, according to Malaysian police and the NIS. It has not yet been confirmed whether North Korea was behind the attack.Ahn noted there must have been an “urgent need” to assassinate Kim Jong-nam, adding that the Kim Jong-un may have been extremely unnerved by the possibility that their outspoken, flamboyant half-brother might seek asylum in South Korea and western countries.In 2012, there was a rumor that Kim Jong-nam considered defection to South Korea. Recently a local media reported that South Korea had tried to negotiate their defection, but the effort failed due to differences over the terms and conditions.Cheong Seong-chang, a senior researcher at the Sejong Institute, said the very report could have angered Kim Jong-un, prompting them to order assassination of what they viewed as “real threat” to their leadership.“Without approval of Kim Jong-un, assassination of Kim Jong-nam never would have happened,” said Cheong. “If the elder Kim blackmailed the younger Kim with a threat to defect, Pyongyang's leadership would have chosen to assassinate him, instead of considering a compromise.”Chung speculated that General Bureau of Reconnaissance, Pyongyang's intelligence agency which manages the communist state's clandestine operations against South Korea, may have orchestrated the murder, saying the agency is in charge of taking out dissenting officials and has been spying on Kim Jong-nam.Earlier in the day, the NIS said the killing of Kim Jong-nam had been a “standing order” for North Korean agents since 2012, when they reportedly sought asylum in South Korea. The intelligence service added that Kim Jong-nam also asked Kim not to kill them and their family members.Yang Moo-jin, a political science professor at the University of North Korean Studies, agreed that Kim Jong-un might have taken a “specific step” that led to the assassination, speculating that the deceased may have tried to come to South Korea or refused to return to the North in defiance of the leader's order.“I suspect Kim Jong-nam definitely did something that hurts the reputation of North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un, which the North viewed as the most serious crime,” said Yang. “Defection attempts, refusal to obey the order… anything could be possible.”Regarding the motive for taking out their own brother, experts noted that Kim Jong-un was “extremely nervous” about Kim Jong-nam's harsh criticism against their power structure amid the rumors that the elder Kim might have been supported by China, main ally of North Korea.“From the Kim Jong-un regime's point of view, Kim Jong-nam is like a pain in the ass,” said Ko Yoo-hwan, a professor of North Korean Studies at Dongguk University. “The people in Pyongyang might have been afraid that Kim would work as a dissenter.”Kim Jong-nam, since falling out of the succession race after their mother, Sung Hae-rim, was rejected by the late leader Kim Jong-il, has been living outside North Korea. They had stayed in China for a while and later moved around South East Asian such as Malaysia and Singapore.But the experts dismissed the idea that Kim Jong-nam was a Chinese favorite pick to replace the current leader in the event of insurgency in the North, saying that the scenario was “scrapped” after Kim Jong-un executed their uncle Jang Sung-thaek, a pro-Chinese high-profile official.For this reason, analysts predicted little impact from Kim's death on the North's relations with China, but Pyongyang will face international condemnation and risk being branded a state sponsor of terror by the US again. Washington took the North off the terrorism sponsor list in 2008.“Electing Kim Jong-nam as a replacement for Kim Jong-un is an old narrative from before the execution of Jang,” said Ko. “As opposed to worsening relations with China, (Kim's death) could enhance North Korea's image as a rogue state.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Penn State
OFFENSE
XWR: 12 Chris Godwin, 84 Juwan Johnson
LT: 52 Ryan Bates, 77 Chasz Wright
LG: 57 Steven Gonzalez, 53 Derek Dowery
C: 72 Brian Gaia, 64 Zach Simpson
RG: 66 Connor McGovern, 55 Wendy Laurent
RT: 77 Chasz Wright, 75 Brendan Brosnan
TE: 88 Mike Gesicki, 89 Tom Pancoast
HWR: 5 DaeSean Hamilton, 3 DeAndre Thompkins
QB: 9 Trace McSorley, 2 Tommy Stevens
RB: 26 Saquon Barkley, 6 Andre Robinson
ZWR: 3 DeAndre Thompkins, 11 Irvin Charles
DEFENSE
DE: 94 Evan Schwan, 19 Torrence Brown
DT: 52 Curtis Cothran, 93 Antoine White
DT: 41 Parker Cothren, 54 Robert Windsor
DE: 90 Garrett Sickels, 48 Shareef Miller
WLB: 11 Brandon Bell, 31 Cam Brown
MLB: 40 Jason Cabinda, 47 Brandon Smith
SLB: 7 Koa Farmer, 11 Brandon Bell
BCB: 29 John Reid, 1 Christian Campbell
FS: 2 Marcus Allen, 28 Troy Apke
SS: 6 Malik Golden, 4 Nick Scott
FCB: 15 Grant Haley, 21 Amani Oruwariye
SPECIAL
P: 93 Blake Gillikin, 92 Daniel Pasaquariello
K: 95 Tyler Davis, 99 Joey Julius
LS: 44 Tyler Yazujian, 41 Zach Ladonis
PR: 29 John Reid, 19 Gregg Garrity
KR: 24 Miles Sanders, 11 Irvin Charles
Southern California
OFFENSE
WR: 1 Darreus Rogers, 6 Michael Pittman
TE: 48 Taylor McNamara, 82 Tyler Petite
LT: 72 Chad Wheeler, 70 Chuma Edoga
LG: 51 Damien Mama, 77 Chris Brown
C: 74 Nico Falah, 62 Khaliel Rodgers
RG: 60 Viane Talamaivo, 68 Jordan Simmons
RT: 73 Zach Banner, 70 Chuma Edoga
WR: 80 Deontay Burnett, 10 Jalen Greene
QB: 14 Sam Darnold, 10 Jalen Greene
TB: 25 Ronald Jones II, 22 Justin Davis
WR: 9 JuJu Smith-Schuster, 13 De'Quan Hampton
DEFENSE
DE: 94 Rasheem Green, 89 Christian Rector
NT: 96 Stevie Tu'ikolovatu, 92 Jacob Daniel
DT: 44 Malik Dorton, 98, Josh Fatu
OLB: 42 Uchenna Nwosu, 34 Olajuwon Tucker
ILB: 35 Cameron Smith, Olajuwon Tucker
ILB: 19 Michael Hutchings, 18 Quinton Powell
OLB: 45 Porter Gustin, 90 Connor Murphy
CB: 8 Iman Marshall, 27 Ajene Harris
SS: 22 Leon McQuay III OR 4 Chris Hawkins
FS: 7 Marvell Tell III, 4 Chris Hawkins
CB: 2 Adoree' Jackson, 14 Isaiah Langley
SPECIAL
P: 36 Chris Tilbey, 46 Reid Budrovich
K: 39 Matt Boermeester, 49 Michael Brown
LS: 92 Zach Smith, 46 Wyatt Schmidt
PR: 2 Adoree' Jackson, 80 Deontay Burnett
KR: 2 Adoree' Jackson, 27 Ajene Harris
PARIS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pierre Gode, a long-time adviser to Bernard Arnault, the multibillionaire boss of French luxury group LVMH, has died aged 73 after a long illness, the company said on Friday.
“It is with great sadness that I announce the passing of Pierre Gode,” Arnault said in a statement issued by LVMH.
“Alongside my father, Jean Arnault, and then alongside me, Pierre Gode was instrumental in the creation and growth of the LVMH Group. Their lively intelligence and sound judgment will be missed by all who came to know and appreciate him.”
Despite their ill-health, Gode remained an advisory member of the LVMH and Dior boards.
A lawyer by training, Gode worked alongside Bernard Arnault from the mid-1980s to build up LVMH, now the world's largest luxury group, with brands ranging from Dom Perignon champagne to fashion houses Fendi and Givenchy.
As well as advising Dior and serving as a vice-chairperson of LVMH, Gode was on the board of media and advertising group Havas and a member of France's Competition Authority. (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by David Goodman)
Ride-hailing giant Uber is officially relaunching in Finland today, a year after suspending its primary service in the market — when it said it would wait for taxi laws to be deregulated.
Among the changes it was waiting for are the removal of taxi permit caps and fare restrictions. Most parts of the Act came into effect on July 1.
The Finnish government said its intention is to modernize the rules to “significantly enhance the implementation of new technology, digitalisation and new business concepts”, promoting competition and working towards the creation of what it dubbed “seamless, multimodal travel chains” — thanks also to a push in the act for data and systems interoperability and open interfaces.
“This Act will give us a genuine opportunity to make mobility a comprehensive service for customers,” said transport minister Anne Berner last year.
From 3pm CET today Uber says two services that use professional drivers — uberX and UberBLACK — will operate in the Helsinki capital region in Finland, which it notes will include Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen.
Uber is not restarting its unlicensed peer-to-peer service (UberPOP) in the market.
That unlicensed driver option has essentially been outlawed in Europe after the region's top court ruled in December that Uber is a transport service, not a platform, thereby locking its business into being regulated by existing taxi licensing regimes.
And locking Uber into lobbying city authorities to ‘modernize' and deregulate taxi rules in its favor — such as by removing permit caps and making it easier for more people to become taxi drivers.
“In the vast majority of the European countries we have been operating under existing transportation laws for years now and were able to scale our business with licensed drivers,” an Uber spokesperson told us.
Blogging about the Finland relaunch, Uber talks up the different course it says it's seeking to chart under new CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, writing: “We've set a course for more responsible growth with a new approach to building long-term partnerships with cities and regulators.”
In truth Uber has had its course reset after a series of scandals rocked the company and, in Europe, after myriad legal challenges led to regulatory blowback and ramped up public and political pressure on the company to change.
Those external forces are continuing to reconfigure Uber's business — and in Europe at least to make it better mesh with local civic values.
For example in London, the company has made a series of changes to how it operates — such as introducing safety caps on the hours drivers can work — changes it made following a shock decision by the transport regulator to withdraw its license to operate in September 2017.
Last month the company won an appeal against TfL's withdrawal of its license based on changes it had made since September 2017, though the judge only granted it a provisional 15-month license — with UK regulators set to continue to scrutinize its conduct closely.
Another example of Uber's regional reconfiguration: An announcement in May that it would expand accident insurance cover for its drivers and delivery workers across Europe.
Last month the company also said it will bring its Jump e-bike service to Europe — with Khosrowshahi claiming the company wants to help cities tackle traffic-related problems such as air pollution and congestion by increasing access to “cleaner transportation solutions”.
In Helsinki, Uber had intended to keep its UberBlack service going for the past year but a spokesperson told us it did not have enough drivers to provide a reliable service — so UberBlack has not been operational since the suspension. But will restart later today.
Since last August, Uber says more than 250,000 people in the Helsinki area have opened its app despite there being no service in operation — which it touts as showing “clear demand” for its service.
It also notes that Finnish Uber users have taken more than 200,000 Uber trips abroad during the local market pause.
“We're excited to use our technology to complement existing public and private transport options and to offer an affordable, safe and reliable alternative to personal car ownership. We hope that other countries, where local people are not currently able to use apps like Uber either to get around or to make money on their terms, will soon follow suit,” Uber adds.
Hollins will officially celebrate the Tree Campus USA designation during its Arbor Day observance on April 28.
4 pm Tree Campus USA designation ceremony and tree planting, Wyndham Robertson Library lawn
4:30 pm Campus Tree Tour
7 pm Screening of the documentary, City of Trees, Niederer Auditorium, Wetherill Visual Arts Center
Tree Campus USA is a national program created in 2008 by the Arbor Day Foundation to honor colleges and universities for effective campus forest supervision and for engaging staff and students in conservation goals.
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Ols Enterprise Ltd.
* Request For Trading Halt Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Is there a point when investors will turn off the spigots for giant unicorn funding rounds? If so, we haven't reached that threshold yet.
Last year, investors put a record amount of capital into members of the Crunchbase Unicorn Leaderboard, a list of private venture-backed companies valued at more than $1 billion.
Globally, a staggering $66 billion went into unicorn companies in 2017, up 39 percent year-over-year, according to an analysis of Crunchbase data. The ride-hailing space was the single largest recipient of investor dollars, with several rivals in the space raising billions. Investors also poured copious sums into co-working, consumer internet and augmented reality.
Newcomers also joined the unicorn club for the first time in 2017, albeit at a slightly slower pace than the preceding two years. For all of 2017, 60 new startups were added to the unicorn list. This compares to 66 newly minted unicorns in 2016 and the record-setting 2015 with 99 newcomers.
Below, we break down the leading locations for new and existing unicorns, top sectors for investment capital, exits and a few other trends affecting the space.
Geographic breakdown
The vast majority of unicorns are headquartered in either the U.S. or China, and that's also the case for newcomers to the Unicorn Leaderboard.
In 2017, both the U.S. and China continued to mint new unicorns at a steady clip. A total of 29 U.S. companies inked their first funding round at a valuation of a billion dollars or more, up from 22 the prior year. In China, 24 new unicorns joined the leaderboard, down from 32 in 2016. Europe and Southeast Asia, meanwhile, also contributed a few unicorns.
In the chart below, we look at new entrants, categorized by country:
The newcomers were a pretty diverse bunch, spanning industries from agtech to enterprise software, including no-cost stock buying platform Robinhood, online education provider VIPKID and cryptocurrency buying and selling platform Coinbase.
Sectors
Unicorn investors showed a particularly strong appetite, however, for companies in a handful of sectors.
Ridesharing, in particular, had a strong funding year, with companies in the space taking more than 10 percent of all unicorn investment. That was largely attributable to a billion and multi-billion dollar rounds for Lyft, Grab, Ola and Didi Chuxing.
Bike-sharing was also big. Two new entrants onto the unicorn list came from that space: Ofo and Mobike. However, concerns arose later in the year over whether consumer demand could support the ballooning bike supply.
Other recipients of really substantial funding rounds, even by unicorn standards, include U.S. co-working giant WeWork and China-based consumer internet players Toutiao and Koubei.
Exiting the board
So a lot of unicorns are raising big rounds. But is there any sign members of the group will eventually produce returns for investors?
Overall, 2017 provided some modestly positive news for unicorn exit watchers. Fifteen venture-funded companies with private valuations of a billion dollars or more went public last year, more than double 2016 levels and the highest total since Crunchbase began tracking the asset class.
Acquisition activity, meanwhile, was weaker. There were just seven recorded M&A exits involving unicorns in 2017, down from 10 in 2016. AppDynamics was the highest-performing exit at 95 percent over its last private valuation. For the remaining companies that exited, all appear to have been below or at their last private valuation.
In the chart below, we look at IPO and M&A counts for unicorns over the past seven years:
Unicorn IPOs weren't just more common in 2017. Performance was often quite good, too. Many of last year's newly public companies sustained market caps far higher than their last private valuations. Top performers by this metric include several China-based unicorns, led by investment manager Qudian and search engine Sogou. Other standouts include gaming hardware provider Razer and app developer software provider MuleSoft.
In the chart below, we look at some of the top performers based on the post-IPO percentage gains over their last private valuations:
Lately, going public seems to be a better option for investor returns. If the company goes out below its last private valuation, that multiple can improve if it grows its market and public shareholders boost the stock. For an M&A transaction, the price is set and either late-stage investors have built in protections or are losing money at those exit prices.
Averages point to more exits ahead
For the 45 unicorn companies that have gone public, the average time to go public has been 26 months after first being valued at $1 billion. For the 25 companies that have been acquired, the average time to get acquired is 24 months after first being valued at $1 billion.
So what does that say about the current crop of still-private companies? Because more than 150 companies out of 263 have been on the Unicorn Leaderboard for more than two years, we expect exits to increase, given the backlog.
Special thanks to Steven Rossi who manages the Crunchbase Unicorn Leaderboard.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Most Britons think they only have a few cousins, but research has revealed they may have 16,000 relatives.
DNA tests revealed the surprising size of the average family.
The study found people in the North West have the biggest families, with 20,000 relatives up to eighth cousins on average.
But in the South East, South West and East Anglia, they have fewer than the UK average of 16,000, according to genealogy website AncestryDNA.
It said the average adult only knew 1% of their family: “If you went to a match at Wembley, you would potentially be in a crowd with two long-lost cousins.”
Seven million customers have supplied DNA using home-testing kits to find out their family history. Most Britons polled thought they had only six cousins.
The figures were released to mark DNA Day, which celebrates the discovery of the “double helix” DNA structure on April 25, 1953.
AncestryDNA's Russell James said: “The fact that we're now able to use that science in our own homes to make new connections with relatives is remarkable.”
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The whirling dervishes from the brotherly
country Republic of Turkey swirled the souls of devotees with their affectionate performance at the Pakistan National Council of the Arts (PNCA).
Specially flown from Istanbul to participate in the 70th Independence
Day celebration of Pakistan, the Istanbul Historical Turkish Music Ensemble attracted a huge crowd to the Grand Music Show, one of the month-long series of events being organized by the PNCA to mark the Pakistan's Independence Day.
A 30-minute performance was an unusual experience of spiritual journey
of tranquillity, peace and fulfilment. The presentation included naat, reed flute improvisations, peshrev, the sultan veled cycle, four selams and a prayer.
The ensemble, which was started in 1991 by Republic of Turkey, Ministry
of Culture, has been founded to present the original style and performance characteristics of the Classical Turkish Music especially the Sufi Music (Tasavvuf) and Military Music (Mehter), which are of the outstanding values of Turkish culture, and to make observations on this area. The ensembles, following this goal, first establish the community of the artists and the other equipment, repertory studies and style performances, now they perform to the audience by giving concerts.
The music from all four provinces, Gilgit-Baltistan and AJK was also
presented. The singers included renowned Shaukat Ali, Ghulam Abbas, Akhtar Channal Zahri group from Balochistan, Zafar Ali group from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Bano Rehmat from AJK, Gulshan Jehan, Usman Ali Raees and Raga Boys.
A 16-member National Performing Arts Group (NPAG) also presented a
thrilling performance on the song “Pakistan banana hae”. Clad in different regional and national attires, the young artistes gripped the theatre with their synchronised moves and spontaneous expressions.
Earlier, the PNCA Director General Syed Jamal Shah thanked the Turkish
Ambassador S. Bab'r Girgin for bringing the Ensemble to the Pakistan's Independence Day celebrations. They said both countries have deep rooted friendly and brotherly relations for the decades. Both countries can learn from each other through the exchange of art and cultural and joint initiatives.
Turkish Ambassador S. Bab'r Girgin thanked Pakistan for every support
in the hour of need. They said Turkey would prove to be sincere friend to Pakistan in all times. They said there are many spheres where both countries can cooperate to boost mutually beneficial ties.
The Director Devcom-Pakistan Munir Ahmed while talking to this scribe
said the music show was a great experience of the cultural bouquet where every colour was evident of its regional identity that assembled Pakistan's fragrance. The cultural harmony among the regional identities can bring the cohesive national life that can avert any conflict of any sort.
Fahmida Gul, a poet, termed the show a unique experience of musical
diversity from all parts of the country. The Raga Boys recaptured the tunes of old masters such as Ustad Amanat Ali Khan and Asad Amanat Ali Khan besides singing some popular numbers of their father Ustad Hamid Ali Khan.
Sunday, August 13, 2017 at 10:00 pm |
For Electric Cars To Take Off, They'll Need Place To Charge
DETROIT (AP) — Electric cars are seeing growing support around the world. France and the United Kingdom want to ban sales of gas and diesel cars by 2040. But there's a problem: There aren't enough places to plug those cars in. The distribution of public charging stations is wildly uneven around the globe. Places with lots of support from governments or utilities, like China, the Netherlands and California, have thousands of public charging outlets. Buyers of Tesla's luxury models have access to a company-funded Supercharger network. But in many places, public charging remains scarce.
JC Penney Results Extend A Gloomy Week For Retailers
NEW YORK (AP) — Sales at established J.C. Penney stores faded again during its most recent quarter, capping a gloomy week for U.S. retailers. Penney's stock sunk below $4 Friday morning, an all-time low for the 115-year-old retailer.
Wisconsin Republicans Tie Foxconn Incentives To Job Numbers
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Republicans who control the Wisconsin Assembly have made a series of adjustments to Gov. Scott Walker's Foxconn incentives bill. The Taiwanese electronics giant plans to build a plant in southeastern Wisconsin that the company says could employ up to 13,000 people. Assembly Republicans introduced revisions to the bill on Friday. The new version of the package retains the tax breaks, but ties them to the number of jobs created that pay at least $30,000.
North Dakota Oil Production Slips In June
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — North Dakota's oil production slipped in June, but remained above 1 million barrels per day for the fifth consecutive month.
The Department of Mineral Resources says the state produced an average of 1.03 million barrels of oil daily in June. That's down from 1.04 million barrels in May.
North Dakota also produced 1.84 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day in June, down slightly from 1.85 billion cubic feet daily in May.
The June tallies are the latest figures available.
There were 57 drill rigs operating in North Dakota on Friday, up two from the June average.
Pre-Eclipse Sales Tax Revenues Slip In Jackson
JACKSON, Wyo. (AP) — Summer business is down in Jackson Hole — but town promoters are hoping that visitors for the solar eclipse will reverse the summer slowdown.
Jackson's lodging occupancy was down an average of 5 percent from last year this May, June and July, The Jackson Hole News & Guide reported.
The shortfall should be made up during the week of Aug. 21, when upward of 100,000 people are expected to descend upon Jackson to view the total solar eclipse.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
A White House official later said there have been no discussions about firing Rosenstein.
When asked about the potential dismissal of Rosenstein, White House press spokesperson Raj Shah told CNN late on Friday that there would be "no changes" at the Justice Department.
"We fully expect Rod Rosenstein to continue on as the deputy attorney general," they said.
The memo alleges that the Federal Bureau of Investigation concealed the Democratic ties of a source the agency used to justify surveillance on Carter Page, a former Trump campaign advisor with ties to Russia. The memo revealed the names of senior FBI and Justice Department officials including Rosenstein who it said had signed off on this.
"I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country," Trump told reporters when asked about the memo, adding that "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
Some lawmakers accused Trump of playing into the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin after, as Republican Senator John McCain put it, Russia "engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy."
"If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him," McCain, who is being treated for brain cancer, said in a statement.
Mueller's probe has led to guilty pleas by two of Trump's foreign policy advisers to charges of lying to the FBI, and indictments of former campaign manager Paul Manafort and Manafort's business partner Rick Gates.
Trump has called the investigation a "witch hunt," denying any collusion with Russia or obstruction of justice. Moscow has denied any election meddling.
'SACRED INVESTIGATIVE PROCESS'
In a swipe at U.S. law enforcement leaders on Twitter hours before the memo's release, Trump said, "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago."
It was their latest attack on top law enforcement officials. Trump fired Comey last May as the FBI pursued the Russia probe, leading to Mueller's appointment by Rosenstein.
The FBI on Wednesday had expressed "grave concerns about material omissions of fact" in the document and urged that it not be made public. Writing on Twitter, Comey branded the memo "dishonest and misleading."
FBI Director Christopher Wray sent a message to bureau employees apparently aimed at boosting morale after the memo's release. "I stand by our shared determination to do our work independently and by the book," Wray said in the message, excerpts of which were seen by Reuters.
The memo was commissioned by the Republican chairperson of the House intelligence panel, Devin Nunes. They said it laid bare "serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, criticized by Trump for recusing themselves from the Russia investigation, offered praise for Rosenstein as well as the department's No. 3 official Rachel Brand on Friday, saying they "represent the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department."
The memo focused on court-approved surveillance of Page, the former campaign advisor, and said the FBI used a source who was strongly biased against Trump, former British spy Christopher Steele, to justify the action.
It alleged that a dossier of alleged Trump-Russia contacts compiled by Steele, and funded in part by U.S. Democrats, formed an "essential part" of requests to a special court to be allowed to conduct electronic surveillance on Page that began in October 2016.
It said the initial application and subsequent renewal applications, signed off on by various senior Justice Department officials, did not mention the link between Steele and the Democrats. It also portrayed Steele as "passionate" about Trump not becoming president.
Despite the memo's charges, neither the focus on Page nor the FBI's investigation of Trump-Russia ties began with the Steele dossier. Page came to the FBI's attention as early as 2013, when they met in New York with Russians who were officers of the Kremlin's foreign intelligence service, sources have said.
The memo acknowledges that the FBI counterintelligence investigation began in July 2016, three months before the request for electronic surveillance on Page, as a result of the activities of another Trump campaign aide, George Papadopoulos.
Papadopoulos told an Australian diplomat in May 2016 that Russia had political dirt on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, information Australian officials passed to the U.S. government, the New York Times reported in December.
"The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies," House intelligence committee Democrats said in a statement.
They said they hoped the panel would vote on Monday to release their own memo responding to the allegations. Shah, the White House spokesperson, told CNN Trump "would be inclined" to let that memo be released if it clears a security and legal review.
Azerbaijan's new ecology, natural resources minister introduced to ministry's staff (PHOTO)
2018-04-24 17:01 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
Trend:
Azerbaijan's new Ecology and Natural Resources Minister Mukhtar Babayev was introduced to the ministry's staff by Assistant to the Azerbaijani President for Economic Issues Ali Asadov, the country's Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources said in a message April 24.
The new minister was appointed in accordance with the order of Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev dated April 23, 2018.
Ali Asadov informed about the life and work experience of Mukhtar Babayev. Asadov noted that the use of natural resources for improving the welfare of the Azerbaijani people is in the spotlight of President Ilham Aliyev.
Asadov gave the relevant recommendations to the ministry's staff on the implementation of the tasks assigned to them in the field of ecology and environment.
Babayev expressed gratitude for the high trust rendered by Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev.
They underlined that the implementation of the tasks set by the head of state on ecology and the environment will be adequately ensured. Babayev said that transparency will be furthered fully ensured in all activity areas of the ministry, principles of systematic approach and social justice will be followed.
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
Now that the dust has settled on the meme extravaganza of United Airlines vs Passenger. I combed through the depths of cyberspace and put a collection together of my favorites. Here you go.
Related
Ever since last November's election night, millions in America and around the world have wondered what happened to Hillary Clinton, who was widely expected to become the first woman president of the United States.
In fact, nearly everyone in the business of politics thought they would win –-including many of Trump's own people.
So: How did they lose?
Providing that answer is the mission accepted by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes in Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign. It is by no means the last word on 2016, but Allen and Parnes must be regarded as early front-runners in the race to make sense of it all.
They saw and heard far more than most of us, exploring deep inside "Clintonworld" in search of the real story. And in these pages, they share enough of what they witnessed to enable us to reach our own conclusions.
There is no Big Reveal, no shocking secret answer. Instead we get a slow-building case against the concept and execution of the Clinton campaign, with plenty of fault falling squarely on the candidate herself.
Far from a juggernaut, the campaign we see in these pages is plagued with division, unease and anxiety practically from the outset. When things go right, it only means they are soon to go terribly wrong. Win a primary, lose a caucus. Quash a rumor, see three more goes viral. Close one wound and find another torn open again.
Among those wounds, the first cut is the deepest. The email stories that began in March 2015 never go away. First, it's Clinton's own private server, then the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the endless email dump stolen from campaign chairperson John Podesta. Email becomes the cyber-incubus the campaign cannot shed.
Whether anyone with Trump connections was colluding or complicit in the Wikileaks-Russian caper or not, the continual media focus on email issues could scarcely have been more convenient for the Trump campaign.
The authors also see lasting damage inflicted by their Democratic-primary rival Bernie Sanders' challenge from the left. Sanders' rather quixotic campaign not only tested Clinton, it played perfectly into Trump's own critique of "crooked Hillary" and their tactic of tying them to globalism and Wall Street.
"For both sides, Hillary was the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with America," the authors conclude. "At times, Trump and Sanders would act as the right and left speakers of a stereo blaring a chorus on repeat: Hillary's a corrupt insider who has helped rig the political and economic systems in favor of the powerful."
But in the end, Allen and Parnes contend, the worst blows Clinton suffered were self-inflicted. If the controversies and corruption memes came to define her, they write, it was largely because they never managed to define herself.
The Clinton we see here seems uniquely qualified for the highest office and yet acutely ill-suited to winning it. Something about their nature, at its best and its worst, continually inhibits them Them struggle to escape their caricature only contributes to it.
Clinton kept questioning staff why they were losing working-class whites, their most loyal voters in 2008. "Why aren't they with me?" they asked during the 2016 primaries. "Why can't we bring them on board?' "
Such uncertainty is a recurring theme. The book begins with Clinton searching for the right notes for their announcement speech, and it ends as they wrestle with a concession speech they never expected to give.
In fact, the book often dwells on their problematic speech prep. All major politicians have ghostwriters, but Clinton had panels of them. Writers, consultants, script doctors and kibitzers crawl over every page and paragraph of their scripts — sometimes until just minutes before delivery.
Where exactly is the candidate themselves in all this messaging mélange? Do they have something they really wants to say? Everyone agrees they have plans for every policy problem in the world, but voters want to know what's inside you. And they also want to know what's in it for them.
The tone of the Allen-Parnes narrative is unsparing but not unsympathetic, noting campaign flaws and missteps without rue or recrimination. Having collaborated on a book-length profile of Clinton in 2014, the authors extended their research and sources for this insider account. We can readily imagine them setting out to write a very different book about the first woman president.
Instead, the authors often seem to be shaking their heads at the unforced errors, internal squabbles and media scrutiny that did in that dream. "Hillary distributed power so broadly that none of their aides or advisors had control of the whole apparatus," they write.
We learn that campaign manager Robby Mook, the wunderkind whose heart belongs to data, pushes voter modeling and analytics and models, while pinching pennies on everything else. They clash with more senior aides who want to invest in more conventional polling, field organizers and yard signs. They also cross swords with campaign chairperson John Podesta, who is twice their age and steeped in official Washington, an intimate advisor to both Clintons and President Obama.
We also feel the widely shared exasperation with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime confidante. Abedin shields their boss from campaign stress, but also reinforces their penchant for privacy. The mystery of Abedin represents what is remote about Clinton herself.
To be sure, such infighting has enlivened accounts of past campaigns, especially in the bestseller Game Change, Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's best-seller about the political personality wars of 2008. But those personalities were more compelling and telegenic, calling out to turn themselves into the TV movie they became. (We may well see more of that sort of character when we turn to the internal tale of the Trump team.)
This volume may not belong on the same shelf with the series of Theodore H. White classics (The Making of the President) from decades ago, or the quadrennial volumes by reporters Jules Witcover and Jack Germond, or the novelistic What It Takes by Richard Ben Cramer.
But Allen and Parnes offer a first bridge beyond the journalism of the campaign year to the scholarship of the historians and other scholars who will process all this material for generations to come.
Clinton could hold on to enough of the contemporary Democratic Party to beat back Sanders and win the popular vote in November. But they had no answer to the populist appeal Trump enjoyed among white males and non-college working people in general. Them extraordinary career prepared them to be president, but not to understand ordinary Americans.
Ultimately, Allen and Parnes get inside the campaign but not inside the mind of Hillary Clinton. Much the same seems to have been true for most of their staff and, ultimately, the voters. Maybe we never really know the person we send to the White House, but we usually think we do. With Clinton, we never quite got there.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 10 (Variety.com) - With anticipation building for “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” Disney-Pixar's animated comedy “Coco” handily won its third straight crown at a moderate North American box office with $18.3 million at 3,748 sites.
“Coco” joined “The Hitman's Bodyguard,” “Fate of the Furious” and “Split” as 2017 titles to top the domestic box office for three weekends in a row. The major studios have held off on any new openings since the Thanksgiving holiday but that changes on the evening of Dec. 14 when previews start for Disney-Lucasfilm's “The Last Jedi” amid expectations of an opening weekend in the $200 million range.
“Coco,” a colorful celebration of Mexico's Day of the Dead, showed impressive holding power with a 33% decline from its second weekend to lift its 19-day total to $135.5 million. It's performed similarly to Disney's animated “Moana,” which opened at the same time last year and had totaled $144.7 million after three weekends.
There was a single wide opening this weekend with Broad Green Pictures' final movie, “Just Getting Started,” showing little traction with moviegoers with $3.2 million at 2,146 locations. “Just Getting Started,” an action comedy starring Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones, wound up in 10th place behind A24's sixth weekend of awards contender “Lady Bird” with $3.5 million at 1,557 venues.
The fourth weekend of Warner Bros.-DC Entertainment's superhero team-up “Justice League” finished with about half of “Coco” with $9.6 million at 3,508 locations. “Justice League” has taken in $212.1 million in 24 days and is the 10th biggest movie of 2017 -- but it's also the lowest performer among the five DC Extended Universe movies. “Wonder Woman” had hit $318 million domestically at the 24-day point in June.
“Justice League” has gone past $600 million worldwide with an international total of $401 million. Its performance pushed Warner Bros. past the $5 billion mark worldwide for 2017. The studio announced Sunday that it's become the first studio to cross the $2 billion mark for the year, led by “Wonder Woman” with $412 million and “It” with $327 million.
Lionsgate's third weekend of inspirational drama “Wonder” finished in third place with $8.5 million at 3,519 North American sites with a 35% decline. “Wonder” became the 27th movie of the year to cross the $100 million mark -- and one of the least costly among that group, given its $20 million budget. Production companies on the Jacob Tremblay vehicle are Mandeville Films, Participant Media, Walden Media and TIK Films.
A24's expansion of James Franco's comedy-drama “The Disaster Artist” took in a solid $6.4 million at 840 venues, up from 19 last weekend. That edged the sixth weekend of Disney-Marvel's “Thor: Ragnarok” with $6.3 million at 3,047 sites, which put its domestic total above $300 million. The third Thor movie was a key factor in November's box office staying ahead of the same month last year.
It was a year ago to the day Monday that Florida played Michigan in the Buffalo Wild Wings Citrus Bowl. Not unlike this season, the Gators were coming off a division title and a loss to Alabama in the SEC championship game.
Florida got shellacked in the bowl game, 41-7.
"It was a case of getting your rump kicked in," Florida coach Jim McElwain said after the game. "They really took it to us on both sides of the ball."
Jim McElwain hopes the Gators want to be proud of what they put on film this postseason as opposed to last. AP Photo/Mark Humphrey
This year, the Gators are back in Florida for their bowl game -- Monday's Outback Bowl -- and they will face another Big Ten opponent in Iowa. The last thing they want is a repeat of what happened a year ago. Maybe they got satisfied after winning the East. Maybe they felt like they had nothing to play for. Whatever it was, they're trying to learn from last year's embarrassment.
“I just remember people being distracted, people being worried about themselves,” Florida defensive lineman Joey Ivie said. “I feel like people just had their heads hung down from the SEC [championship] loss, and things not working out like they wanted to.
“I'm just hoping that mentality has changed. I feel like it has, but you can't really read every single person on the team.”
McElwain is hopeful, too. The second-year coach says their team has enjoyed good practices all month. They've been locked in and focused each and every day. And they even have seen some of the players walking around the football complex watching tape to prepare for their matchup with Iowa.
But bowl games can be unpredictable. You don't truly know your team's mindset until they take the field, and clearly Florida's mindset was a problem the last time it played in a bowl game.
"We talked [this year] about your opportunity to be proud of what you put on film," McElwain said. "No matter what you're striving for, any time you're on film, you're being evaluated. Whether you're a young guy going into next year, whether you're an older guy that's going on to the next level, here's the opportunity for you to prove yourself.”
McElwain still remembers the 2014 Birmingham Bowl. They hadn't taken over as head coach yet, but they were on hand and watched as Dante Fowler Jr. racked up three sacks and wreaked havoc all game in Florida's 28-20 win over East Carolina. That performance helped propel Fowler from a mid-first-round pick to the No. 3 overall pick in the NFL draft four months later.
That's the type of mindset and effort McElwain wants from their players this year.
However, effort aside, Florida will be facing an uphill battle in terms of personnel against the Hawkeyes on Monday. The defense, in particular, has been ravaged by injuries all season and will be without linebackers Jarrad Davis, Alex Anzalone and David Reese. Safety Nick Washington and defensive end Bryan Cox Jr. are also questionable for the game with ankle injuries.
The Gators want to go down swinging, though. They know what a win will mean for the program, both for the seniors and the players coming back.
“It's definitely a chance for us to get some respect back,” Ivie said. “It's a big game that a lot of people are going to be watching, and it's special for a lot of guys who are playing in their last game like myself. It would be great to go out with a win, to go out with a big bang.”
More than anything, they don't want to see their “rump kicked in” again.
(Adds detail on IT costs)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's TSB Bank expects to pay more in fees to Lloyds Banking Group for using its former owner's banking platform, as it posted a profit fall in 2017 as a result of the payments.
Since it was taken over by Spain's Banco Sabadell in 2015, TSB has been using Lloyds' IT infrastructure, at a cost of hundreds of millions of pounds each year.
TSB said on Friday its operating costs rose by 16.7 percent to 821 million pounds in 2017 while its profit before tax fell to 162.7 million pounds, primarily due to a 122 million pound increase in the fees payable to Lloyds.
The fall in the bank's profit was also as a result of a non-recurring gain from the sale of its interest in Visa Europe, worth 32.5 million pounds, in the previous year.
TSB said it will finally migrate off the Lloyds platform and onto a newly-built one this year, but until the roll-out is complete, it remains tied into fee increases.
The bank also named a new chairperson, with former Standard Chartered banker Richard Meddings, a non-executive director at TSB, succeeding Will Samuel with immediate effect. (Reporting by Emma Rumney; editing by Alexander Smith)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Henderson said they are will always owe Jordan Pickford — for rescuing them from being ­England's latest shoot-out villain.
Henderson was the only Englishman to miss in Tuesday's World Cup penalty showdown win over ­Colombia, but Mateus Uribe hitting the crossbar and Pickford's save from ­Carlos Bacca got them off the hook before Eric Dier slotted home to clinch a place in the weekend quarter-finals.
Both Henderson and Pickford started their careers at ­Sunderland, their hometown club.
When asked what the Liverpool midfielder said to them after the shoot-out win, Pickford smiled and said: “Aye, they said ‘Well done, you fellow Mackem'.
“I said, ‘Jesus, I've helped you out there, Lad!'
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
“That's team-mates isn't it? A bit of craic. We're together, when one goes down we've got to pick them back up.”
Henderson said: “I thanked them and they said, ‘The Mackems stick together'. I can't thank them enough, I'm forever in their debt.
“He got a bit of criticism last week – undeservedly – so I'm so happy for them to achieve that. They made some fantastic saves and I'm delighted for them and for everyone.
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty)
“We're a really close group, you can see that. It's difficult when you miss and ­nothing can be said that's going to make it all right, but it's not about me.
“We won and that's the main thing. We now need to recover and prepare well for Sweden.”
Henderson insisted their failure would not prevent them stepping up to take ­responsibility again, although they ­accepted ­Gareth Southgate may opt for another candidate.
(Image: AMA/Getty)
“It wouldn't put me off taking another one, but it might put Gareth off,” said ­Henderson. “I'd take another one, but it's down to the manager and I would ­understand if they chose someone else.
“I just had to go and execute the ­penalty, which I felt I did, but obviously not well enough and the keeper made a good save.
“Next time I need to make sure it's higher or lower.”
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Violence broke out at a forum attended by former Malaysian prime minister Mahathir Mohamed on Sunday, a member of Mahathir's party said.
The 92-year old Mahathir, chairperson of the opposition party Bersatu, was speaking at a town-hall session on Sunday when shoes, chairs and flares were thrown at him, the party's youth chief, Syed Saddiq Syed Abdul Rahman, told reporters.
Mahathir was safely escorted out of the event and did not suffer any injuries, the former premier's aide told Reuters.
Local media reported that several others were injured and that two men have been arrested in connection to the violence.
"Unfortunately, there were elements .. we feel and believe were aimed at sabotaging the programme and hurting Dr Mahathir," Syed Saddiq said at a press conference, a video of which was posted online.
"We saw bottles, shoes, chairs and flares... They were not being thrown to the back or to the left or right but were clearly directed towards Dr Mahathir," they said.
Mahathir has been campaigning to oust Prime Minister Najib Razak over alleged graft linked to scandal-ridden state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). Najib denies wrongdoing.
Mahathir chairs a fractured opposition alliance and has offered to head the government again if it wins an election that is due by next year.
Last month, Mahathir challenged Najib - their former protege - to debate allegations of corruption and mismanagement levelled against them both during their terms in office. The Sunday event - dubbed "nothing to hide" - would have included the debate, but Najib wasn't expected to show up and did not appear.
1MDB is the subject of money-laundering investigations in at least six countries. The U.S. Justice Department alleged in civil lawsuits that about $4.5 billion of funds were misappropriated from the fund.
In its latest court filing on Thursday, the U.S. Justice Department said it was conducting a criminal investigation of 1MDB and asked for a stay on civil lawsuits it had filed to seize assets allegedly bought with money stolen from the fund.
Najib denied taking money from 1MDB after it was reported that investigators traced nearly $700 million to their bank accounts. Authorities cleared them of any wrongdoing, saying the money was a donation from Saudi Arabia.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Artsakh (Nagorno Karabakh) president Bako Sahakyan sent a congratulatory message to Vladimir Putin over their victory in the Russian presidential election on Monday, March 19.
Putin won re-election after securing some 76.65% of votes with more than 90% counted on Sunday.
The victory, according to Sahakyan, once again confirms Putin's "well-deserved authority among the Russian society and has become a proof of the nationwide support" for their efforts to secure "continuous socioeconomic development and prosperity of Russia, protection of its interests in the international arena."
"Artsakh appreciates your personal input and Russia's position as a co-chairing country of the OSCE Minsk group in the comprehensive and just settlement of the Karabakh conflict," Sahakyan said.
"I am confident that Russia will continue its efforts of maintaining and strengthening peace, ensuring stability and security in the region."
Earlier, Armenian president Serzh Sargsyan too congratulated Putin.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Phil Mickelson chips to the 14th green during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Phil Mickelson missed the PGA Championship cut after a 74 on Friday for an 11-over total and said they had to improve on their "atrocious" recent results to make the U.S. Presidents Cup team.
Steve Stricker concurred as they consider their captain's picks head of next month's biennial competition between the United States and an International team minus Europe.
"I'm not scoring well. I'm hitting the ball in every bad spot," Mickelson told reporters. "I mean the British (Open) and here have been atrocious."
Mickelson was 10-over and missed the cut last month at Royal Birkdale. They said they still have hopes of turning it around and competing in the Presidents Cup on Sept. 26-Oct. 1 at Liberty National in Jersey City, New Jersey, where they are a member.
"I would love to be on it but the way I'm playing, I've got to play better. I'll come out and play the first two FedExCup events," Mickelson said.
"If I can play well in those, I have a chance to get on the team on my own (through points). If I play well in them and don't make it, I have a chance to be a (captain's) pick. But I've got to play well in them."
Stricker had a better day on the Quail Hollow course, shooting 70 for three-over to clinch their leading 26th consecutive cut made in major championships.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Phil Mickelson reacts to their chip on the 14th green during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
They said the Presidents Cup, and Mickelson, weighed on their mind ahead of their Sept. 6 announcement of two captain's picks.
"We had a talk in Akron (at WGC-Bridgestone last week). They told me they want to be on this team more than anything," Stricker told reporters.
"And I would love to see them on the team. But like anybody else, I've got to see who's playing well at the time. I know he's struggling a little bit right now. And I told them I'd like them to play well from here on out and show me something."
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Phil Mickelson on the 17th tee during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Stricker said they appreciated Mickelson's intangibles -- their leadership and experience.
"I know how important they are on a team. How good they are with the young guys and how good they are in the locker room," Stricker said. "But it's the same for all the guys... you want the best guys playing the best at the end of the year."
Mickelson shot the worst score of their career at the PGA Championship on Thursday, an eight-over 79.
On Friday they said they felt good physically and is swinging the club well, but needed to make a mental adjustment.
"It's not like I'm hitting the ball crooked," they said. "I'm just hitting it in the wrong spot. Not really controlling my thought process, where I want the ball to go. I'm just not real focused out there," Mickelson added.
MALE (Reuters) - Maldives President Abdulla Yameen fired their second police chief in three days and the opposition said it feared violence, as the island nation was pitched deeper into a crisis caused by Yameen's failure to obey a court order to free jailed opponents.
Three days after the Supreme Court threw out terrorism convictions against Yameen's political opponents, their government on Saturday was still ignoring international and domestic pressure to set them free.
The court dismissed cases against nine people, including former president Mohamed Nasheed, the country's first democratically elected leader, who now lives in exile in Britain and has been campaigning to have their political rights restored.
One of the others also lives in exile; the other seven are jailed in the Maldives' largest prison, on the island of Maafushi.
Hundreds of protesters have taken to the streets to demand compliance with the court order, and Western countries and international organisations have urged Yameen to obey it.
The court also ordered 12 members of parliament who had been stripped of their seats to be restored to the body. The 12 had quit Yameen's ruling party last year, and allowing them to return to the legislature would deprive them of a majority.
The crisis poses the biggest threat to Yameen's control of the Maldives since they took power in 2013, defeating Nasheed in an election that Nasheed's supporters say was rigged.
Yameen has stopped short of saying they will not obey the court order to free their opponents. They told a party meeting on Saturday they “did not expect the Supreme Court ruling at all”.
“We've started dialogue with the Supreme Court. We've sat and started talking about difficulties or concerns the state has,” they said. “We're working on making sure we can respect the court order in a way that doesn't cause any difficulties to the people.”
They fired the chief of police on Thursday shortly after the court order was handed down, and on Saturday they fired the acting police chief they had chosen to replace him.
The director of the Maafushi prison also resigned their post on Saturday amid disagreement among staff over whether to release the opposition leaders, an official at the Maldives Correctional Services (MCS) told Reuters. An MCS spokesperson was not immediately available to comment.
OPPOSITION “DEEPLY FEARFUL”
Hundreds of opposition supporters chanted slogans such as “Enforce the Supreme Court ruling,” and “Defend the constitution,” in a Friday night rally outside the opposition MDP campaign centre in Male, the capital.
The joint opposition said in a statement it was “deeply fearful that the government's refusal to implement the Supreme Court order could escalate to unrest and incite violence across the country.”
The Maldives, an Indian Ocean island chain of around 400,000 people known to outsiders mainly as a tropical paradise for the tourists that provide most of its foreign exchange income, has experienced political unrest since Yameen took power.
Yameen is the half brother of Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, who ruled the Maldives for three decades until losing an election to Nasheed in 2008. Yameen and Gayoom have since had a falling out and Gayoom is now aligned with the opposition.
Parliament Secretary General Ahmed Mohamed told Reuters that parliament intended to reinstate the 12 legislators as required by the court. They also said Speaker Abdulla Maseeh Mohamed had asked to cancel this year's opening session of parliament scheduled for Monday, citing security reasons.
The United Nations, the United States, the European Union and India have urged Yameen's government to follow the court ruling.
“We understand the situation is extremely tense,” Rupert Colville, a spokesperson for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, told reporters on Friday.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Manchester City 2 Sergio Aguero 70, Lewis Dunk 75og Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 30,415 - - - West Bromwich Albion 1 Ahmed Hegazy 31 Bournemouth 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 25,011 - - - Chelsea 2 Alvaro Morata 69, David Luiz 88 Red Card: Gary Cahill 14, Cesc Fabregas 81 Burnley 3 Sam Vokes 24,43, Stephen Ward 39 Halftime: 0-3;Attendance: 41,616 - - - Crystal Palace 0 Huddersfield Town 3 Joel Ward 23og, Steve Mounie 26,78 Halftime: 0-2;Attendance: 25,448 - - - Everton 1 Wayne Rooney 45+1 Stoke City 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 39,045 - - - Southampton 0 Swansea City 0 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 31,447 - - - Watford 3 Stefano Okaka Chuka 8, Abdoulaye Doucoure 31, Miguel Britos 90+4 Liverpool 3 Sadio Mane 29, Roberto Firmino 55pen, Mohamed Salah 57 Halftime: 2-1;Attendance: 20,407 - - - Friday, August 11 Arsenal 4 Alexandre Lacazette 2, Danny Welbeck 45+2, Aaron Ramsey 83, Olivier Giroud 85 Leicester City 3 Shinji Okazaki 5, Jamie Vardy 29,56 Halftime: 2-2;Attendance: 59,387 - - - Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Newcastle United v Tottenham Hotspur (1230) Manchester United v West Ham United (1500)
DANDONG, China (Reuters) - Chinese textile firms are increasingly using North Korean factories to take advantage of cheaper labour across the border, traders and businesses in the border city of Dandong told Reuters.
The clothes made in North Korea are labelled "Made in China" and exported across the world, they said.
Using North Korea to produce cheap clothes for sale around the globe shows that for every door that is closed by ever-tightening U.N. sanctions another one may open. The UN sanctions, introduced to punish North Korea for its missile and nuclear programs, do not include any bans on textile exports.
"We take orders from all over the world," said one Korean-Chinese business person in Dandong, the Chinese border city where the majority of North Korea trade passes through. Like many people Reuters interviewed for this story, they spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Dozens of clothing agents operate in Dandong, acting as go-betweens for Chinese clothing suppliers and buyers from the United States, Europe, Japan, South Korea, Canada and Russia, the business person said.
"We will ask the Chinese suppliers who work with us if they plan on being open with their client -- sometimes the final buyer won't realise their clothes are being made in North Korea. It's extremely sensitive," they said.
Textiles were North Korea's second-biggest export after coal and other minerals in 2016, totalling $752 million, according to data from the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA). Total exports from North Korea in 2016 rose 4.6 percent to $2.82 billion (2.17 billion pounds).
The latest U.N. sanctions, agreed earlier this month, have completely banned coal exports now.
Its flourishing textiles industry shows how impoverished North Korea has adapted, with a limited embrace of market reforms, to sanctions since 2006 when it first tested a nuclear device. The industry also shows the extent to which North Korea relies on China as an economic lifeline, even as U.S. President Donald Trump piles pressure on Beijing to do more to rein in its neighbour's weapons programmes.
Chinese exports to North Korea rose almost 30 percent to $1.67 billion in the first half of the year, largely driven by textile materials and other traditional labour-intensive goods not included on the United Nations embargo list, Chinese customs spokesperson Huang Songping told reporters.
Chinese suppliers send fabrics and other raw materials required for manufacturing clothing to North Korean factories across the border where garments are assembled and exported.
FACTORIES HUMMING
Australian sportswear brand Rip Curl publicly apologised last year when it was discovered that some of its ski gear, labelled "Made in China", had been made in one of North Korea's garment factories. Rip Curl blamed a rogue supplier for outsourcing to "an unauthorised subcontractor".
But traders and agents in Dandong say it's a widespread practice.
Manufacturers can save up to 75 percent by making their clothes in North Korea, said a Chinese trader who has lived in Pyongyang.
Some of the North Korean factories are located in Siniuju city just across the border from Dandong. Other factories are located outside Pyongyang. Finished clothing is often directly shipped from North Korea to Chinese ports before being sent onto the rest of the world, the Chinese traders and businesses said.
North Korea has about 15 large garment exporting enterprises, each operating several factories spread around the country, and dozens of medium sized companies, according to GPI Consultancy of the Netherlands, which helps foreign companies do business in North Korea.
All factories in North Korea are state-owned. And the textile ones appear to be humming, traders and agents say.
"We've been trying to get some of our clothes made in North Korea but the factories are fully booked at the moment," said a Korean-Chinese business person at a factory in Dalian, a Chinese port city two hours away from Dandong by train.
"North Korean workers can produce 30 percent more clothes each day than a Chinese worker," said the Korean-Chinese business person.
"In North Korea, factory workers can't just go to the toilet whenever they feel like, otherwise they think it slows down the whole assembly line."
"They aren't like Chinese factory workers who just work for the money. North Koreans have a different attitude -- they believe they are working for their country, for their leader."
And they are paid wages significantly below many other Asian countries. North Korean workers at the now shuttered Kaesong industrial zone just across the border from South Korea received wages ranging from a minimum of around $75 a month to an average of around $160, compared to average factory wages of $450-$750 a month in China. Kaesong was run jointly with South Korea and the wage structure - much higher than in the rest of North Korea - was negotiated with Seoul.
WORKERS IN CHINA
Chinese clothing manufacturers have been increasingly using North Korean textile factories even as they relocate their own factories offshore, including to Bangladesh, Vietnam and Cambodia.
"Wages are too high in China now. It's no wonder so many orders are being sent to North Korea," said a Korean-Chinese business person who works in the textiles industry in Dandong.
Chinese textile companies are also employing thousands of cheaper North Korean workers in China.
North Korea relies on overseas workers to earn hard currency, especially since U.N. sanctions have choked off some other sources of export earnings. Much of their wages are remitted back to the state and help fund Pyongyang's ambitious nuclear and missile programmes, the U.N. says.
The new U.N. sanctions imposed on North Korea this month ban countries from increasing the current numbers of North Korean labourers working abroad.
China does not disclose official figures for the number of North Koreans working in factories and restaurants in China, although numbers are down from a peak period two to three years ago, according to Cheng Xiaohe, a North Korea specialist at Beijing's Renmin University.
"It's a hassle to hire North Korean workers though," the Korean-Chinese business person from Dalian said. "You need to have the right set-up. Their living space has to be completely closed off, you have to provide a classroom where they can take classes every day. They bring their own doctor, nurse, cook and teachers who teach them North Korean ideology every day."
One clothing factory that Reuters visited in Dandong employs 40 North Korean workers. They fill smaller orders for clients who are more stringent about their supply chains and expressly request no production inside North Korea.
North Korean factory workers in China earn about 2,000 yuan ($300.25), about half of the average for Chinese workers, the factory owner said.
They are allowed to keep around a third of their wages, with the rest going to their North Korean government handlers, they said. A typical shift at the factory runs from 7:30 a.m. to around 10 p.m.
The workers - all women dressed in pink and black uniforms - sat close together behind four rows of sewing machines, working on a consignment of dark-coloured winter jackets. The Chinese characters for "clean" and "tidy" were emblazoned in bold blue lettering above their heads and the main factory floor was silent but for the tapping and whirring of sewing machines.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, the chairperson of Kingdom Holding who spent nearly three months in detention in the kingdom's anti-corruption campaign, told Bloomberg TV that they had made an agreement with the government for their release.
FILE PHOTO: Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal sits for an interview with Reuters in the office of the suite where they have been detained at the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia January 27, 2018. REUTERS/Katie Paul/File Photo
In the interview, aired on Tuesday, Prince Alwaleed declined to disclose the details of their “confirmed understanding” with the government but said it was easy to verify that they still held a 95 percent stake in their global investment firm.
The process with the government was ongoing, said the prince, who was released in late January.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge greeted the crowds, who'd gathered to meet them outside Hartvig Nissen School in Oslo on Friday morning.
The school was the location for the hugely successful Norwegian TV programme 'Skam.'
Kate, who is around six months pregnant with their third child, looked gorgeous in a burgundy/plum double-breasted coat by Dolce & Gabbana.
They teamed it with their classic black accessories - their Tod's suede block heels and their Mulberry bayswater clutch bag.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
The Duchess has sported many a chignon on this tour, but today it was styled back into their signature bouncy blowdry. They also wore their Mappin & Webb 'Empress' earrings.
(Image: PA)
When Kate and William sat down with the actors of the show, we noticed they were wearing a floral printed dress underneath their D&G coat. This is believed to be by TiMo - one of Crown Princess Mette-Marit's favourite Oslo brands.
Interestingly, their online shop is handled and operated by women that have been victims of difficult life circumstances, providing them with an opportunity into the working life.
(Image: Getty)
For their last day in Norway , Kate and William will have a private lunch with the Crown Prince and Princess at Skaugum. They will then take a short tour of the Holmenkollen ski museum, before watching a ski jump by juniors from Norway's national team.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Their final engagement will see them attend an event organised by the Norwegian Ski federation, where the pair will meet a group of nursery children taking part in lessons.
(Image: PA)
Last night Kate and William joined the Norwegian royal family at a glittering dinner at the Royal Palace. The Duchess wore a blush pink gown by Alexander McQueen with a crystal-adorned neckline, sleeveless bodice and cape overlay.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is believed to be the type of Topshop display unit which killed a 10-year-old schoolboy after it fell on top of him.
Tragic Kaden Reddick suffered severe head injuries and died after the horrific accident on the first day of half-term.
It is believed Kaden may have somehow pulled the heavy display unit onto themselves at a branch of the clothing giant in Reading.
Located near the tills, the display barriers usually contain smaller items such as socks, purses, hair accessories and sometimes sweets.
(Photo: INS News)
Thames Valley Police say detectives are continuing to investigate the accident which happened at the Oracle Shopping Centre.
Onlookers were left in tears as paramedics rushed to treat Kaden on the floor of the Topshop at around 4pm.
They were then rushed to hospital but died hours later.
The store remained closed for business on Tuesday.
A spokesperson for Topshop, which has more than 300 stores in the UK, said the company is also investigating the incident.
"The Topshop Board together with thousands of staff are deeply saddened by the horrific accident that occurred in our Reading store yesterday afternoon.
"All our thoughts are very much with the family at this difficult time.
"We are thoroughly investigating all the events surrounding this extremely sad situation."
(Photo: INS News +44 (0) 1189440600)
Kaden's parents, Lisa Cooper Mallett and Ian Reddick, were last night being comforted by family and friends.
Kaden's aunt Chantelle, who lives in Plymouth, confirmed their nephew's death and added: "Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile.
"He had an infectious personality and the world is now truly missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for.
"I just want people to know, on this Valentine's, to take life by the horns because literally every second is sacred.
"Kaden never knew how many people truly loved him."
Another auntie Chantellie Lace paid tribute to Kaden on Facebook.
They wrote: "My heart has been breaking from the moment I got the news and it hits home how fickle life really is.
"Never take anything for granted because it can disappear so quickly.
"From naming my cat Merlin to stealing my DS for an entire evening, Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile.
"He had an infectious personality and the world is now truely missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for."
Witness Erika Fabiane Silva told of the moment they were asked to leave the shop.
(Photo: PA)
They wrote on Facebook that they were at the store when the accident happened.
They said: “They asked for us to get out of the door and the people that were inside were all crying.”
They described it as an “accident with furniture” and said that the youngster had “hurt their head”.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Scene at Oracle Shopping Centre after fatal Topshop accident Share this video Watch Next
A lone Police Community Support Officer and a security guard were posted on a scene watch outside the store on Tuesday although the shop was closed for business.
Roller shutters were pulled half-down over the entrance to the shop as customers were turned away from the first floor outlet at the Oracle, alongside the River Kennet.
Thames Valley Police said the boy's death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious.
In a statement the force said the child "suffered serious head injuries after an incident involving a store display barrier".
Detective Superintendent Paul Hayles said: "We are supporting the boy's family to assist them at this very difficult time.
"We continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding this death.
"A scene watch is in place at the Topshop store and is likely to be in place for some time."
"Detectives are now working with the local authority and the store owners to gather all of the information on how this incident happened."
Officers are working with Reading Borough Council, which has responsibility for health and safety issues in retail outlets in the town.
A spokesperson for the council said: "As the enforcing authority for health and safety within retail premises, we will be working closely with the police, who are, at present, leading on the investigation.
"We are contacting all parties involved in order to carry out our investigation into this tragic incident."
A spokesperson for the Health and Safety Executive said that the organisation did not have the powers to investigate in shops at the Oracle.
A pathologist was due to carry out a postmortem examination before the case is passed to the corner.
Jan 30 (Reuters) - Pz Cussons Plc:
* INTERIM DIVIDEND 2.67 PENCEPER SHARE
* HY REVENUE ‍385.4​ MILLION POUNDS VERSUS 378.2 MILLION POUNDS
* HY ‍PROFIT BEFORE TAX £34.2M VERSUS £24.9M​
* ‍NAIRA HAS BEEN STABLE AGAINST US DOLLAR ON INTERBANK MARKET AND HAS STRENGTHENED SLIGHTLY ON SECONDARY MARKET AS RESULT OF IMPROVED DOLLAR LIQUIDITY LEVELS​
* ‍PROFITABILITY EXPECTED TO IMPROVE IN SECOND HALF AS A RESULT OF FURTHER NEW PRODUCT LAUNCHES AND DISTRIBUTION EXPANSION​
* ‍GROUP RESULT FOR FULL YEAR WILL LARGELY BE DEPENDENT ON SUCCESSFUL DELIVERY OF RESULT IN UK AMID VERY TOUGH TRADING CONDITIONS​
* ‍PERFORMANCE IN ASIA IS EXPECTED TO CONTINUE ITS POSITIVE MOMENTUM​
* ‍TOUGH TRADING CONDITIONS IN UK WASHING AND BATHING DIVISION IN FIRST HALF WITH BRAND INITIATIVES PLANNED FOR SECOND HALF TO IMPROVE PERFORMANCE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
One of the actors from Riverdale is taking a major stand against those who have been more than negative on social media. As Page Six noted, Lili Reinhart opened up about body dysmorphia on Twitter after some dismissed their concerns. And their message is an incredibly important one to take note of.
After the actor discussed their body image issues in an interview with Harper's Bazaar, which was published on July 2, they are, unfortunately, met with some dismissal regarding their comments. So, they tweeted, "Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying, 'you're skinny so shut up about embrscing your body." Reinhart continued to say that just because they may look a certain way does not mean that they still can't experience personal struggles relating to their image. "As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people. I'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure," they tweeted.
In a follow-up tweet, they continued to discuss the issue of criticizing someone over their insecurities: "Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don't have a right to feel the way you do. That's where we are dailing [failing]. Do not encourage this behavior. It is destructive. More destructive than you'll ever realize." Reinhart's statements highlighted what people should be focusing on instead of trying to critique someone else's insecurities: respect and empathy. It's such a simple message, but an important one nonetheless, "You may not understand someone's insecurity- but respect it."
It's not wholly surprising that the Riverdale star took such a strong stance in the light of all of this negativity because they have been very vocal about their own struggles in the past. As previously mentioned, Reinhart opened up to Harper's Bazaar about their body insecurities, which is what led to their Twitter response.
In their interview, they related that their struggles began when they were sixteen and Reinhart noticed that their metabolism slowed down. "It's like, ‘Oh, I'm not going to be a little skinny teenager forever,'” they said. While they do still feel slightly insecure from time to time, she's vowed to accept the imperfections, adding, "I'm not that flawless image person. I could never live up to that. I'm not going to make people think I'm this airbrushed version of myself."
Reinhart also opened up about their body dysmorphia in an April interview with Seventeen. The actor told the publication that they experienced an incredibly relatable issue while they were in middle school. They told Seventeen that they had "really bad acne" and that it seriously affected their self-esteem. "I developed slight body dysmorphia — when I would break out, I couldn't look at myself in the mirror for a couple of months at a time," they said.
It's a problem that they still deal with to this day. When they do experience breakouts, they said, it takes them back to those teen years and causes them to feel "so self-conscious—like the whole world is looking at my bad skin." But, she's turning this issue into a positive. In their interview, Reinhart emphasized that she's dedicated to posting photos of themselves that proudly display their acne on social media (such as they did in April, per Teen Vogue) in the hopes that it will make others feel less alone in their own struggle with it.
Phillip Faraone/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
It's brave for Reinhart to continue to discuss the issues that they face so openly, whether in interviews or on social media. And they shouldn't be criticized for expressing their own insecurities. Just because she's an actor doesn't mean they love their body all the time — she's only human, after all — and the sooner fans and commenters understand that, the better off everyone will be.
10 most legendary goal celebrations of all time
Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo, Eric Cantona... we pick 10 of the most legendary celebrations of all time
@animenon19 by Anirudh Menon Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 19:38 IST
Who did it better?
After Cristiano Ronaldo whipped out their shirt and held it up in one of this sports most legendary f***-yous after scoring what is most certifiably a screamer to give Real Madrid a 2-1 lead against Barcelona in the Camp Nou (the eventual result was 3-1 to Los Blancos), we take this as the most opportune moment to look back at 10 of the most legendary goal celebrations of all time.
10. Alessandro Florenzi - Grandma's boy
Look at their face - she's so proud, isn't she?
Let's start off with arguably the most heart-warming of them all...
Here's Alessandro Florenzi explaining why they jumped into the stands to go hug their grandmother after scoring Roma's second goal in their 2-0 win over Cagliari in September 2014:
“She is 82 and had never been to the stadium before,” Florenzi told Sky Sport Italia. "This goal is for them After I played for Italy, they told me that she'd come to the stadium and I would score. My family gave me this passion for football, I want to share my joy with everyone.”
If the sight of a young footballer - a sub species that everyone lambasts for their ego, their disconnect with the real world and their insufferable arrogance - forgetting the risk of a yellow card and a hefty fine to go hug their grandmom doesn't tug at your heartstrings... well, maybe you need those strings tuned
Have your say
ROTHERHAM UNITED still reign supreme at the top of our latest Yorkshire Power rankings.
Here's the updated table, not much turbo-charge elsewhere, but there you go.
Carbondale Area Junior-Senior High School charges onto the field this year with a show filled with favorites from yesteryear.
In “Oldies but Goodies,” the 20-member marching band performs the popular songs “Wooly Bully” by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs, “My Girl” by the Temptations and “Purple People Eater” by Sheb Wooley.
Megan Hulse, who is in their first season as the group's director, said they picked songs they knew the kids would sound great on and which would “rev the audience up into a good time at the Carbondale stadium.”
“It's songs that they all know, and they know all the words, too,” Hulse said. “They've heard them in their childhood, and they've heard them around town (and) in movies.”
Many students who had been strong members of the band graduated from last school year, Hulse added, “so this is the first year that the underclassmen are really taking the lead in the band. And they're doing a great job.”
“They are doing remarkable,” they said of the band. “They learned everything at a very fast pace, and they've exceeded all of my expectations.”
— CAITLIN HEANEY WEST
Carbondale Area Junior-Senior High School
Number of members: 20
Staff: Director Megan Hulse and drill coach
Tricia Dietz
Student leaders: Senior Emily Gerek, drum major; senior Megan McDonald and sophomore Olivia Dietz, drill team co-captains
Show: “Oldies but
Goodies”
Songs: “Wooly Bully,” “My Girl,” and “Purple People Eater”
Weekend
performances
Catch high school marching bands in action at these football games on Friday, Oct. 6:
4 Scranton at
Hazleton Area
4 Delaware Valley
at Williamsport
4 Abington Heights at Wyoming Valley West
4 Wallenpaupack Area
at Dallas
4 Valley View at
West Scranton
4 Western Wayne
at North Pocono
4 Scranton Prep
at Honesdale
4 Susquehanna
at Dunmore
4 Lackawanna Trail
at Old Forge
4 Riverside at Lakeland
4 Holy Cross at
Carbondale Area
4 Montrose at Mid Valley
A New Way To Do Research For A Paper On Kleptomania
A college student in Wyoming was arrested trying to leave a store with three TVs. Police said they found many stolen items in their dorm room. They told police they were working on a paper on kleptomania.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Rachel Martin. There's a real art to coming up with a good excuse, and this one is masterful. A college student in Wyoming was arrested after trying to leave a Walmart with nearly $1,900 in merchandise, including three flat-screen TVs. Investigators say they later found all kinds of stolen items in their dorm room. The young woman told the police they were working on a term paper about kleptomania. They didn't buy it. And because they didn't either, they now faces three felony charges. It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
A man will appear at Cambridge Crown Court charged with the murder of 48-year-old Dzilva Butiene in Wisbech.
Kestutis Bauzys, 46, is due to appear at Cambridge Crown Court tomorrow morning (Wednesday, April 19).
They were arrested on Thursday (April 13) after a post mortem examination concluded Dzilva, of Oakroyd Crescent in Wisbech, died of trauma to the abdomen.
Officers were called by the ambulance service on Wednesday, April 5, with reports of the death in Orange Grove, Wisbech.
Bauzys appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday, Monday, April 17.
Detective Chief Inspector Jo Walker, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: “I would like to directly appeal to anyone who knew Dzilva or Bauzys to contact us, either by calling 101 or if you would prefer to remain anonymous, you can contact Crimestoppers.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Crime Unit on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online reporting system at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
BOCA RATON, Fla. — Tyree Griffin scored 21 points, Dominic Magee added 16 more and Southern Miss held off Florida Atlantic in the second half for a 77-66 win Saturday night.
Southern Miss (12-12, 5-6 Conference-USA) closed out the first half with a 22-6 run that included a pair of 3-pointers from D'Angelo Richardson to take a 38-21 advantage into the break, but had to scramble in the second half as Florida Atlantic closed in. The Owls (10-13, 4-7) outscored Southern Miss 45-39 in the final 20 minutes and cut the deficit to 71-66 after a pair of free throws from William Pfister with 37 seconds left.
Cortez Edwards, who finished with 15 points, dropped in a layup at the other end to stretch the Southern Miss advantage back to seven and the Owls were held scoreless the rest of the way as the Golden Eagles sealed it from the free throw line, snapping a two-game skid.
Richardson had 10 points for Southern Miss, which shot 52 per cent from the field, including 8 for 12 from 3-point range.
Tesla Inc. will push back the reveal of its semi truck by three weeks. “Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas,” Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk wrote in a tweet Friday. (Photo: Mark Brake / Getty Images, file)
Tesla Inc. will push back the reveal of its semi truck by three weeks as the electric-car maker focuses on boosting production of its cheaper sedan model and increasing battery production for storm-ravaged regions.
“Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas,” Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk wrote in a tweet Friday. The company will unveil the semi truck on Nov. 16, instead of Oct. 26.
Tesla built only 260 Model 3 sedans during the third quarter, less than a fifth of its 1,500-unit forecast. Musk wrote on Twitter earlier Friday he'd be “happy to talk” with Puerto Rico's governor about supplying batteries to the island territory rebuilding after Hurricane Maria.
“Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your #TeslaTechnologies?” Ricardo Rossello, Puerto Rico's governor, tweeted Thursday at Musk. “PR could be that flagship project.”
Musk replied on Friday that they “would be happy to talk.” Rossello told reporters they expect to have a conversation with the Tesla chief executive officer and said Puerto Rico needs to consider meeting its energy needs with more environmentally friendly technology.
Tesla is among the U.S. companies sending rooftop panels and batteries to Puerto Rico, where more than 90 percent of homes and businesses remain without electricity after Hurricane Maria destroyed the grid. The storms knocked out power to millions of utility customers who depend largely on fossil-fuel plants and long-distance transmission lines for service. Some in Puerto Rico may be in the dark for months as the grid is repaired.
Tesla said last week that it was sending Puerto Rico hundreds of its Powerwall battery systems, which can be paired with solar panels.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y1ckH6
Staff Reporter
Lahore
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Friday highlighted vital role of architects in ensuring and enhancing quality of construction, and conservation of built-up heritage, and said future of architecture was bright in the country.
They were addressing the inaugural ceremony of ‘Building Materials and Products Exhibition', organised by the Institute of Architects Pakistan (IAP) at the International Expo Centre. State Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb was also present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister called upon IAP to lend its expertise for preservation and maintenance of rich architectural heritage of the country so that this treasure could be protected for the future generations.
On the other hand, they pointed out that roads, highways, public buildings, parks as well as motorways were also a tangible and important manifestation of architecture of Pakistan which is a burgeoning sector and a integral part of the economy.
They stressed that construction of all buildings must meet the international standards of quality and safety.
The Prime Minister said work on low-cost housing was in progress across the country, and added quality was compromised in low-cost housing projects in the past.
They said the builders should maintain quality of construction for such projects in the country.
They appreciated the novel theme “Archi-tourism” of the exhibition, saying it could attract foreign investment for this sector.
Sharing their experience, the Prime Minister said that buildings, being constructed in the country, must be compatible with the harsh and severe weather conditions in order to ensure comfortable environment to people throughout the year.
Earlier, the Prime Minister inaugurated the exhibition and visited various stalls, set up on the occasion.
Mohammad Yusuf Ghauri, Chairman IAP Lahore Chapter presented a memento to the Prime Minister on the behalf of the host organisation.
French President Emmanuel Macron attends a press conference as part of their meeting with Morocco's King Mohammed VI at the Royal Palace in Rabat, Morocco, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. The visit is the first by the recently elected French president to a North African country and aims to strengthen the relationship between France and Morocco, including cooperation on security issues. (Photo: Youssef Boudlal / AP)
Rabat, Morocco — French President Emmanuel Macron is urging Qatar and its rival neighbors to talk directly, to defuse their tensions over alleged terrorism financing, and said Wednesday they will step up diplomatic discussions with Gulf leaders in the coming days.
Macron spoke after meeting with Moroccan King Mohammed VI, who is also trying to mediate the escalating Qatar standoff.
Speaking in the Moroccan capital, Rabat, Macron called for a “clarification of all the links and financing of terrorist groups, whatever it is and wherever it comes from.”
Saudi Arabia and other countries recently cut diplomatic ties and blocked travel to Qatar over allegations of Qatari sponsorship of Islamic extremists in the region. Qatar denies the allegations, but its ties to Iran and embrace of various Islamist groups have put the country under intense scrutiny.
Stressing the international importance of stability in the Middle East, Macron said it's important “that the parties speak again” and find a way to “de-escalate” tensions that have mounted in recent days.
“The king of Morocco shares this concern,” Macron told reporters. Mohammed VI and Macron have spoken to key Gulf players in recent days and Macron said they will invite regional leaders to Paris for further discussions.
Macron also offered support to the king over tensions in Morocco's northern Rif region, where protests over corruption and bleak living conditions prompted a violent police crackdown and large-scale arrests.
Macron said they raised the issue but said the king gave them no “reason to fear renewed repression” and said the king instead appears committed to a “long-term response to the deep causes” of the conflict.
Macron's visit is the first by the recently elected French president to a North African country, and aimed to strengthen cooperation on security and other issues with Morocco, considered an important force for stability in an often-volatile region. The two leaders discussed France's military operation against Islamic extremists in Africa's Sahel region.
Macron attended the Ramadan fast-breaking dinner with their wife, Brigitte, at the invitation of the king in their personal residence
Earlier Wednesday, Brigitte Macron and Moroccan Princess Lalla Salma visited a Picasso exhibit at the Mohammed VI Modern Art Museum in Rabat, a joint project with the Pompidou Centre in Paris, and discussed further art cooperation between the countries.
Sylvie Corbet and Angela Charlton in Paris contributed.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tnVoa4
Warren Buffett, chief executive officer and chairperson of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, arrives at a National Auto Dealers Association event in New York in this file photo dated March 31, 2015.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N) on Monday said it has taken a 17.5 million share stake in Synchrony Financial (SYF.N) and shed its investment in the financial services company's former parent, General Electric Co (GE.N).
In a regulatory filing detailing its U.S.-listed stock holdings, Berkshire said it owned about $521 million of Synchrony shares as of June 30.
It also reported no holdings of GE, after having reported a roughly $315 million stake as of March 31.
Investors follow Berkshire's stock holdings closely to determine what has won or lost Buffett's favour. Smaller equity investments at Berkshire are normally made by Buffett's deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler.
Earlier this month, Instagram announced that it was working on a tool to allow users to download and save offline copies of their data. Today, that tool is being launched as Data Download.
Data Download is rolling out to Instagram now, with access currently available on the web and coming soon to the Android and iOS apps. You'll find Data Download within your privacy settings, and after requesting your info, it'll be compiled and delivered within a matter of hours/days.
Once your data is ready to go, you'll have offline copies of your photos, videos, any stories you've archived, comments, direct messages, and your profile info.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Gor Mahia head coach Ze Maria Ferreira resigned on Thursday, days after the team won the inaugural Sport Pesa Super Cup.
In a letter written to the Club's President, Ze Maria expressed their gratitude to the club for allowing them to coach the “GIANT CLUB”.
“Thank you for the consideration and trust given to me by the club throughout my working period. I must also mention the great pride i had in training this GIANT CLUB, where i had the privilege of winning some trophies and losing others,” they said in the resignation letter.
Club chairperson Ambrose Rachier said the Brazilian didn't give a reason for stepping down but denied that they were frustrated.
Rachier said they had a good working relationship and that all their dues were paid on time.
They added they will convene a meeting to decide the way forward.
Ze Maria joined the club in March last year when they replaced Frank Nuttal.
They guided the team to second place in the Kenyan Premier League and by the time of their resignation, the cub was at the top of the league table with 27 points.
Previous post:
Police Shot By Thugs In Dandora Previous post: Next Post:
about the author: Ghetto Radio
PITTSBURGH -- Steelers offensive tackle Jerald Hawkins suffered a torn quad during Wednesday's team workouts, according to a source.
Hawkins, 24, is candidate for the injured reserve list.
After practice, several teammates expressed the difficulty of a teammate going down in mid-practice.
"Crappy thing," quarterback Landry Jones said.
Hawkins, a fourth-round pick in 2016, primarily backs up left tackle Alejandro Villanueva and played in five games with one start last season.
This was a big offseason for them to create a steady role along the offensive line. The Steelers drafted tackle Chukwuma Okorafor in the third round in last month's draft.
LETHBRIDGE, Alta. - The RCMP's team commander at two southern Alberta murder scenes says the father of a man accused in the deaths admitted their son had "done something bad," saying "the devil is talking to him."
Sgt. Stephen Browne explained To Wednesday that Mounties were investigating the slaying of Hanne Meketech, 69, in Coleman, Alta., when they got word five days later of another killing in nearby Blairmore, Alta.
That's when the body of Terry Blanchette, 27, was found at their home and an Amber Alert was issued for their missing two-year-old daughter, Hailey Dunbar-Blanchette.
Them body was found in a campground firepit a few days later.
Derek Saretzky, 24, has pleaded not guilty to three counts of first-degree murder and committing an indignity to the girl's body.
Browne said they knew as soon as they entered the Blanchette home that it was bad.
"It was obvious in my mind this was a homicide," they told court. "I didn't expect to walk into what I walked into."
They realized there were similarities between the scenes in the two towns — both adult victims were attacked in a bedroom with blunt-force trauma and were stabbed.
However, Hailey's grandfather told officers they were missing and after a search found blood on one of their toys, an Amber Alert was issued. It became the top priority for the Mounties, and Browne said they originally went to Saretzky's apartment to look for the little girl.
They didn't have a search warrant when Saretzky's father, Larry, let them in, but Browne said the Amber Alert gave them grounds to enter.
They found blood smears, bloody cowboy boots, latex gloves and a tire iron. They also found a list with Meketech's name on it.
After Larry Saretzky spoke to Browne, the officer pleaded with the son to let them know where Hailey was.
"Her spirit is floating around," Derek Saretzky told Browne. "Her body was in their sperm cells."
The killings took place in September 2015.
The trial continues Thursday.
(Lethbridge Herald)
Guillermo del Toro's “The Shape of Water,” Steven Spielberg's “The Post,” and Martin McDonagh's “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” led nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards. “The Shape of Water's” seven noms, coupled with the six nods for “Three Billboards,” put Fox Searchlight Pictures on the film distributor leaderboard with 15 nominations. Twentieth Century Fox was close behind with 12, thanks to “The Post” and “The Greatest Showman.”
On the TV side, HBO's “Big Little Lies” picked up six nominations, while FX's “Feud: Bette and Joan” followed with four. Meanwhile, “Fargo,” “The Handmaid's Tale,” and “This Is Us” all landed three mentions. HBO leads the TV network scoreboard with 12 nominations with help from “Big Little Lies” and “Game of Thrones.” Netflix was runner-up with nine.
Here's the full list of 2018 Golden Globe nominations.
Movie Distributor
Fox Searchlight Pictures 15
Twentieth Century Fox 12
A24 7
Sony Pictures Classics 6
Sony Pictures Releasing 6
Focus Features 4
NEON 3
Netflix 3
Warner Bros. Pictures 3
Magnolia Pictures 2
STX Entertainment 2
Universal Pictures 2
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures 2
GKIDS 1
Good Deed Entertainment 1
Paramount Pictures 1
Related Golden Globes Nominations: 'Shape of Water,' 'Big Little Lies' Score Big Golden Globe Nominations: Complete List
TV Network
HBO 12
Netflix 9
FX 8
NBC 5
Showtime 5
ABC 3
Amazon 3
Hulu 3
USA Network 3
AMC 1
National Geographic 1
Starz 1
SundanceTV 1
Movie
The Shape of Water 7
The Post 6
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri 6
Lady Bird 4
All the Money in the World 3
Call Me By Your Name 3
Dunkirk 3
The Greatest Showman 3
I, Tonya 3
Battle of the Sexes 2
Coco 2
The Disaster Artist 2
Ferdinand 2
Get Out 2
Molly's Game 2
Mudbound 2
Phantom Thread 2
A Fantastic Woman 1
Baby Driver 1
The Boss Baby 1
The Breadwinner 1
Darkest Hour 1
Downsizing 1
First They Killed My Father 1
The Florida Project 1
In the Fade 1
The Leisure Seeker 1
Loveless 1
Loving Vincent 1
Roman J. Israel, Esq. 1
The Square 1
The Star 1
Victoria & Abdul 1
TV Series
Big Little Lies 6
Feud: Bette and Joan 4
Fargo 3
The Handmaid's Tale 3
This Is Us 3
black-ish 2
The Crown 2
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel 2
Master of None 2
The Sinner 2
SMILF 2
Stranger Things 2
Will & Grace 2
The Wizard of Lies 2
13 Reasons Why 1
Better Call Saul 1
Better Things 1
The Deuce 1
Game of Thrones 1
Genius 1
GLOW 1
The Good Doctor 1
I Love Dick 1
Insecure 1
Mr. Robot 1
Outlander 1
Ozark 1
Ray Donovan 1
Shameless 1
Top Of The Lake: China Girl 1
Twin Peaks 1
The Young Pope 1
Looks like Google'a premium smart speaker has hit the market just in time for the holidays. The Home Max is now available through a handful of online retailers, including Best Buy. The big box retailer says it will be able to deliver the Assistant enabled smart speaker as early as tomorrow, if you choose expedited shipping.
The product was announced back in October, at the Pixel 2 event in San Francisco, along side the far cheaper Home Mini. The Echo Dot competitor hit the market immediately, and the Home Max was given the decidedly more nebulous date of December. Recent leaked listings gave the speaker a December 11 launch date, and it looks like it's arrived on target.
When it was first announced, the Home Max was widely regarded as an HomePod competitor, even though the Siri speaker had yet to hit the market. In fact, Apple's product has subsequently been pushed back to “early 2018,” with the company telling TechCrunch, “we need a little more time before it's ready for our customers.”
At $399, the Home Max is one of the priciest smart speakers to date, topping Apple's offering by $50. The line also has the added competition of Sonos's Alexa-enabled products. But while Amazon itself improved sound quality for the latest version of the Echo, the $100 product doesn't come anywhere near one of these high-end systems. Really, the Home Max and HomePod are speakers first, smart second.
Like the HomePod, the speaker offers a feature that tunes audio based on the geometry of the room — called Smart Sound, in Google's case. The system also features dual-woofers and tweeters and connectivity with Google Play, Pandora and Spotify.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Manchester City 2 Chelsea 2 Burnley 3 Crystal Palace 0 Huddersfield Town 3 Everton 1 Stoke City 0 Southampton 0 Swansea City 0 Watford 3 Liverpool 3 West Bromwich Albion 1 Bournemouth 0 Friday, August 11 Arsenal 4 Leicester City 3 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Huddersfield Town 1 1 0 0 3 0 3 2 Manchester City 1 1 0 0 2 0 3 3 Arsenal 1 1 0 0 4 3 3 4 Burnley 1 1 0 0 3 2 3 ------------------------- 5 Everton 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 5 West Bromwich Albion 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 ------------------------- 7 Liverpool 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 7 Watford 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 ------------------------- 9 Southampton 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 9 Swansea City 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 Manchester United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Newcastle United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Tottenham Hotspur 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 West Ham United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 15 Leicester City 1 0 0 1 3 4 0 16 Chelsea 1 0 0 1 2 3 0 17 Bournemouth 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 17 Stoke City 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 ------------------------- 19 Brighton and Hove Albion 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 20 Crystal Palace 1 0 0 1 0 3 0 1-4: Champions League / EC I 5-6: Europa League 7-8: Europa League depending on domestic cup 19-20: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Newcastle United v Tottenham Hotspur (1230) Manchester United v West Ham United (1500)
NEW YORK -
Sunday, December 10, 2017 at 6:53 pm |
The Village of Pomona engaged in discrimination that targeted the Tartikov kehilla when it enacted ordinances that barred construction of a kollel building in Pomona, a federal judge ruled Thursday. The judge ruled that the Village violated the Equal Protection and Free Exercise Clauses of the United States Constitution, several provisions of the New York Constitution, the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act (“RLUIPA”), and the Fair Housing Act.
Tartikov sought to build a kollel on its parcel of over 100 acres. Shortly after Tartikov acquired the land, the Village of Pomona began to adopt ordinances that imposed a ban on multifamily housing, restrictions on construction near wetlands in Pomona, accreditation requirements for colleges and schools to build there, and limitations on student housing and other features of educational institutions, leading to a ten-year legal battle. In their ruling Thursday, Judge Kenneth M. Karas of the Southern District of New York ruled: “Collectively, the Challenged Laws prevent the construction of Tartikov's rabbinical college in the Village.”
Following the ruling, John Stepanovich, Esq., one of Tartikov's attorneys, said: “From the inception of Pomona's efforts to stop construction of the Rabbinical College, Village officials knew that it would be important to hide any suggestion of discrimination. But the animus of those officials and many residents in the community was so strong that they could not hide their opposition to the Orthodox Hasidic community that would be served by the Rabbinical College.
“This was the most egregious display of arrogance that I have seen in my entire career. Village officials believe they actually have the power to decide who has the right to live in Pomona. It took ten years and a decision from the federal court to finally expose their intentional discrimination, but the truth was revealed at trial and it was worth every minute.”
Roman Storzer, another Tartikov attorney, said, “In the United States of America, everyone has the right to live, worship and learn free of discrimination.”
Pomona's chief attorney, Marci Hamilton, told The Journal News that their legal team will review the decision, but declined to comment further.
In addition to moving forward with plans to construct the kollel, Tartikov will seek to have the court require Pomona to reimburse its legal fees, which are in excess of $4 million.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- Chicago Bears tight end Zach Miller made an emotional return to the team facility on Monday, six weeks after undergoing emergency vascular surgery to save their left leg.
"It was very real," Miller said, when asked about the threat of amputation. "A couple wrong turns away from actually happening. I had a ton of care, a lot of people helping me out through that entire process. But we were a couple minutes away from having that be real. Thankfully, we were able to avoid it and we didn't really get into where I had stuff that was starting to die off or anything. We were able to save pretty much everything. So I'm very thankful that happened."
Editor's Picks Bears' Miller returns home from hospital Bears tight end Zach Miller announced on social media that they were finally home, using the hashtag #DayByDay as they recover from a severe knee injury they suffered in October.
Added Miller: "I remember, before I got into the emergency surgery, the last thing I was telling the doctors was, 'Please, save my leg!' Because I knew that something wasn't quite right just in the way my leg was feeling and the way it was filling up. I knew we had issues."
Miller was rushed to University Medical Center New Orleans on Oct. 29 after they dislocated their left knee while making an over-the-shoulder catch in the end zone during Chicago's game against the Saints.
Miller's leg bent awkwardly on the play and they stayed down for several minutes until they were taken off the field on a cart.
Officials later ruled that Miller did not maintain possession of the ball, negating a potential touchdown catch.
Doctors performed emergency vascular surgery that night to repair a damaged artery in Miller's left leg that stemmed from the knee dislocation. Miller remained hospitalized in New Orleans for eight days before being transported back to Chicago in a medevac jet.
Miller, whose left leg is immobilized in a brace, was unsure when he'd walk normally again, but was confident that their long-term quality of life will not be affected.
"I haven't really talked about a timeline," Miller said. "When am I going to be able to get off crutches? When do I start walking? When do you get off the brace? I think I'll probably just take all that and rehab as it comes. I haven't asked many questions as far as down-the-road-type things. I'm kind of just taking this day by day, the steps and the process of going through surgery, rehabbing."
"But vascular-wise, artery's as strong if not stronger than it ever was," they added. "... The risk of reinjuring that is the risk that I had of doing it in the first place. I don't know what the percentage is. I don't imagine it's very high."
Miller, 33, was noncommittal about their football career.
"I haven't really thought much of football from now on," Miller said. "You know what I mean? I haven't got to that point. For me right now, it's just getting this right, getting healed up and when that point comes, make a decision. Do I want to play football? What do you think? I've been a football player my whole life. I would love to play football. We'll cross that road when it's time."
The eight-year veteran choked up several times on Monday when they detailed the support they received from family, friends, teammates and coaches during the ordeal.
Bears chairperson George McCaskey -- one of many members of the organization to visit Miller in the hospital -- traveled back to New Orleans shortly after Miller's emergency procedure to present them with the game ball from the overturned touchdown.
"I was very aware of that whole situation," Miller said. "I remember when they brought it in. I remember taking the picture. I remember everything in between. That guy's been awesome, and that'll be a memory I'll keep forever.
Through it all, Miller -- who was accompanied by their wife, Kristen, on Monday -- has tried to stay upbeat.
"Things could be worse," Miller said. "I've been in a ton of situations that have been far better than this. [After] all of the things that I've had gone on throughout my entire career, I don't think there's a point for me to sit back and think, 'Why me?' If anything, I know that I'll be better when this is done. This ain't the end of my life.
"There's a ton of things that I'll still be able to do, and really everything's been conveyed to me is that I'm going to be completely fine after we get through this. So now it's just ground through this, use this for any amount of positivity you can and carry on because we've got a lot of life left to lead. I'm trying to have as much fun doing that as possible."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - GOLDBACH GROUP AG:
* ‍TAKEOVER OFFER FOR GOLDBACH GROUP AG - PUBLICATION OF OFFER PROSPECTUS​
* OFFER PERIOD COMMENCES ON TUESDAY, 19 FEBRUARY AND LASTS UNTIL FRIDAY, 16 MARCH 2018
* ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF GOLDBACH GROUP AG IS RECOMMENDING THAT SHAREHOLDERS ACCEPT​
* TAMEDIA - ‍IS OFFERING CHF 35.50 FOR EACH SHARE OF GOLDBACH GROUP AG, LESS ANY DIVIDEND PAID PRIOR TO SETTLEMENT OF TENDER OFFER​
* ‍BEAT CURTI AND VERAISON SICAV, TWO LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS OF GOLDBACH GROUP, PROMISED TO TENDER THEIR SHARES
* ‍COMPANIES ARE ALSO PLANNING TO EXPAND OUT-OF-HOME ADVERTISING SEGMENT TOGETHER WITH NEO ADVERTISING AG
* ‍TAMEDIA WILL ALSO ACQUIRE A MAJORITY INTEREST IN NEO ADVERTISING AG​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The newly crowned King Puck goat is hoisted to the top of a platform above the town where it will be held for the duration of Puck Fair which is three days in Killorglin. Organizers say King Puck is to be treated royally during their brief reign with a...more
The newly crowned King Puck goat is hoisted to the top of a platform above the town where it will be held for the duration of Puck Fair which is three days in Killorglin. Organizers say King Puck is to be treated royally during their brief reign with a diet of ash tree branches, water and cabbage to sustain them until they return to their mountain home following their dethronement ceremony. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne
Close
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The Supreme Court upheld the powers of Chief Minister of Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal, on Wednesday in a win for their political party embroiled in a protracted fight with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government that has compounded the capital city's problems.
Arvind Kejriwal, chief of Aam Aadmi (Common Man) Party (AAP), addresses their supporters after taking the oath as the new chief minister of Delhi during a swearing-in ceremony at Ramlila ground in New Delhi February 14, 2015. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee/Files
Under India's political system, Delhi has a unique position in which the federal government controls the state police and oversees land issues while the local government is in charge of the general upkeep of the capital of some 19 million people.
But Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party has sought more powers and operational autonomy to govern the city ever since it beat Modi's party in a stunning election upset ion the capital three years ago.
It accused Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party of trying to interfere in Delhi's governance through the federally appointed Lieutenant Governor.
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court said the real power lies with the elected government of Delhi and that the Lieutenant Governor, who acts as the representative of the federal government, cannot be making decisions and must be working harmoniously with the state.
“Lieutenant Governor cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist, they must take advice from the Council of Ministers,” Chief Justice Dipak Misra said.
Delhi is one of the world's most polluted cities and authorities have struggled to reduce the risk to residents each winter when the smog gets worse. The city, which draws tens of thousands of migrants from neighbouring states, also has high crime rates, especially against women.
The local government and Modi's administration have traded blame for Delhi's mounting problems. Kejriwal says they need authority over the police to be able to maintain law and order.
They said on Twitter the court verdict was “a big victory for the people of Delhi” and a “big victory for democracy”.
“If Modi government had not withdrawn the powers of elected government through illegal orders, precious three years would have been saved,” Kejriwal said on Twitter.
The federal government issued new rules in 2015 saying the Lieutenant Governor had authority over services as well apart from public order, police and land, and that they may consult the chief minister whenever they thought it was necessary for issues of services.
“Don't understand how Delhi government is claiming this to be a victory? Their main plank was that this is a state, whereas the court has unequivocally said it's not a state,” BJP spokesperson Nalin Kohli said.
The Godzilla anime sequel recently officially revealed its brand-new poster, one which features its main character, Godzilla itself as well as our best look yet at Mecha Godzilla. More information inside..
The mystery becomes deeper with this visual.
Also, the last hope of humankind, Mecha Godzilla, is created by new techniques unique to anime movies Please look forward it!
Earlier this year, fans around the world got the chance to experience Godzilla's first solo anime outing, and Japan is preparing for its sequel . The official page forshared its latest poster. The ominous poster shows off its trilogy's main characters, Godzilla and Mecha Godzilla. Take a look at the tweet below:Translated into English, the tweet reads:
The sequel will be directed by Kobun Shizuno and Hiroyuki Seshita. Polygon Pictures is overseeing the 3D anime feature. Gen Urobuchi penned its screenplay and story concept. Other vetted industry talents like Hiroyuki Morita, Yuki Moriyama, Yukihiro Shibutani, and more are also credited as the film's crew.
Godzilla: The City Mechanized for the Final Battle will be premiering on May 18th of this year. Here's the poster:
On Saturday, March 10th, the Temple of Fine Arts presented the 3rd session of its Kaleidoscope series. This series, the brainchild of their Head of the Hindustani Music section, Shrimati Kalyani Puranik, popularly known as “Didi” is an attempt at demystifying the classical music space for music lovers. It also aims at displaying the universality of music, by showcasing how all classical forms of music i.e. Western, Hindustani, Carnatic and even Chinese have the same music roots where scientifically, the shruti distance between notes can actually put Ragas or modes on the same platform. Consequently through the research done by Didi and their father late Pandit Balkrishnabuwa Kapileshwariji, they have demonstrated how the seven basic ragas / murchanas in Hindustani classical music, correspond to seven modes in Western classical and have similar ragas in Carnatic Melakarta as well. This entire journey is about making the complex simple, and the simple – global!
This episode of Kaleidoscope, dealt with what was known as Raga Ashwakantha in ancient times, or Jhinjhoti as it is popularly now known. Its equivalent in Carnatic Melakarta is Raga Hari Kamboji and in the Western Scale it corresponds to the Mixolydian Mode. The program started with a prayer to lord Ganesha. India recently celebrated the festival of colours Holi. Coincidentally Raga jhinjhoti and its associated ragas like Desh, Khamaj, and others, are some of the most well-known ragas for celebrating this festival of colour as it marks the close of winter and welcomes warm weather. Several pieces that followed through the evening portrayed the various facets of Holi with both traditional and contemporary pieces, including songs from movies.
The program started with Raga Hari Kamboji, demonstrated in the Carnatic stlye. Several students, both young girls and ladies then demonstrated Raga Jhinjhoti. This was followed by Jansamohini, a Carnatic raga that was showcased first with a flute recital by a student of the instrumental class and then with a short piece in the Carnatic style by another young student. A movie song, from the film Mere Mehboob (title track) completed Raga Jhinjhoti.
Raga Desh followed with pieces in the ‘Hori' style and then Raga Khamaj was introduced. This included traditional pieces and a folk piece “Rasiya' that is normally sung in Vrindavan and Barsana, and that beautifully paints a picture of Holi being played between the men of Vrindavan and the ladies of Barsana. The audience was also treated with ‘laddu holi' a form of holi played in Vrindavan where ‘laddus' are thrown at each other and eaten with relish.
Bengali ladies followed this up with a piece composed by Shri Ravindranath Tagore that describes the colors of spring. This was followed by More Kanha, from the movie Sardari Begum, in Raga Khamaj and then a more traditional ‘Thumri' was presented in Raga Khamaj.
This was followed by a sufi song by Abida Parveen -Holi Khelan aaya and then follwed Raga Puncham se gara – a raga were all the others come together and where the puncham and shadaja are interchangeable. The evening rounded up nicely with a classical version of the famous Rajasthani song Kesariya Balama
5 Most Valuable Players in Indian Football Right Now
Five Most Valuable Players in Indian Football Right Now
Tanya Kumar CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 15:16 IST 1.71K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
All India Football Federation
Over the years, Indian football's rapid advancement has led to a country wide acknowledgement of the national team's achievements. The players have been earning acclaim on the back of their recent performances, especially, qualifying for the AFC Asian Cup. Adequate advertising of tournaments has encouraged European football fans to watch Indian matches with the same vigour.
The Intercontinental Cup is just around the corner, starting from the first of June. It will act as a practice tournament for the Indian team before the AFC Asian Cup, which is set to begin in January, next year. India did well in the qualifiers to secure a ticket into the main playoffs of the tournament.
The most valuable Indian players, as per www.transfermarkt.com, take up different positions for the team. It goes to show how each role on the field is as important as the next. Only together do the players make the team act as a single unit. Here are a number of Indian players who fill in different roles for the team that are worth having a look at:-
#5 Gouramangi Singh
Gouramangi Singh
Gouramangi Singh has been a crucial defender for NEROCA FC in I-League, helping them reach the finals of the championship. The Manipuri defender has won a range of domestic tournaments with their clubs, including the National Football League, the Federation Cup, IFA shield as well as the I-League.
They have a vast pool of experience and the sturdy stopper is a boon to any squad. Over the course of the 69 occasions that they represented their country, they cemented themselves as a reliable veteran. The 32-year-old was essential to the Blue Tigers during the 2011 AFC Asian Games. Singh's transfer value is a dignified €150 thousand.
Kirk Cousins explains how they found out about the Alex Smith trade, and their thoughts following the transaction. (0:40)
Kirk Cousins had just finished a workout in the hotel gym in Minneapolis when they saw the text messages on their phone. And that's when they learned the news: The Washington Redskins had agreed to a trade that ultimately ends the quarterback's career with the franchise.
The Redskins will receive quarterback Alex Smith once the trade is official on March 14. The Redskins will give the Kansas City Chiefs a third-round pick and cornerback Kendall Fuller. Cousins will then become a free agent at the start of the league year.
"I knew it would be a tough decision if it came down to deciding what to do in free agency," Cousins told ESPN's NFL Live on Friday. "So the fact that the decision was made for me gave me relief. It certainly was tough emotionally to know I was having to leave a city that I had so many memories."
Kirk Cousins says they learned curveballs come all the time in the NFL, but they admit to being surprised by the Redskins' trade for Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith. Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post via Getty Images
Cousins also told NFL Live that they spoke to several members of the organization the following day, including owner Dan Snyder and coach Jay Gruden.
"Coach Gruden called me the next day and communicated that my desire to draw the process out through March was going to make it tough on them," Cousins said. "They couldn't afford to wait so they had to make a move. They wanted to do a deal, but because I wanted to go a little longer it put them in a tough spot. So they made the trade. I understood that. They said, 'I wish you all the best. We had a good run and look forward to seeing you in the future.' "
Cousins also told Sirius XM Radio on Friday that the subsequent days since the news were "not as bad as you might think."
"It came as a surprise," they told Sirius. "I certainly hadn't heard anything. In this league, I learned curveballs come all the time. I expect to be a free agent come March 14. We'll see if that plays out. If it does, it's a unique opportunity I look forward to. I haven't had a chance to pick where I play since 2007, when I chose to go to Michigan State."
Cousins, a fourth-round pick in 2012 by Washington, started the past three seasons and topped 4,000 yards each time. They played the past two years under the franchise tag, but the Redskins wanted to either sign them to a long-term deal or move on.
The Redskins named them the starter in August of 2015, at which point then-Redskins general manager Scot McCloughan has said they suggested signing them to an extension. The Redskins, with Robert Griffin III on the roster and with uncertainty over Cousins' future, wanted to wait.
"I had no idea what was going to happen," Cousins told NFL Live. "At the time if the Redskins had come to me with an extension, I probably would have signed it because I didn't know what was going to take place. But after that season we knew the franchise tag came into play and it certainly dictated this entire process."
The Redskins approached them in December of 2015, when their play was surging, about a deal. But under the advice of their agent, Mike McCartney, Cousins wanted to wait. Their first offer after the season was for $12.5 million per year and their best offer was for $16 million per year with $24 million guaranteed. Instead of signing that offer, they made $44 million the past two years playing under the tag.
Last offseason, there was no chance they were going to sign, though the Redskins made multiple offers.
"After the 2015 season I was ready to do a long-term deal," Cousins told NFL Live. "It seemed the team needed more time. We understood that. After the 2016 season was played and [offensive coordinator] Sean McVay left to go to LA, I felt I needed more time. There was really no chance of doing a deal at that point. Then we got to this year and I was ready to do something, but I also wanted to take my time and allow the process to work itself out and it put Washington in a tough spot. They didn't want to wait so they went ahead and made the trade."
Editor's Picks Sources: Chiefs trading QB Smith to Redskins The Redskins will acquire Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith, ESPN has confirmed. Adam Schefter and Chris Mortensen reported that Smith would sign a four-year extension with the Redskins, averaging $23.5 million per year with $71 million in guaranteed money.
Barnwell: Winners, losers and fallout from the Alex Smith trade Welcome to Washington, Alex Smith. So long, Kirk Cousins? Here's why Cousins won't be complaining (hint: $$$), and what this shocking January trade means for the rest of the teams hunting for quarterbacks in 2018. 1 Related
Cousins said that, until Tuesday, they thought there was a good chance he'd end up in Washington. Several hours before the trade leaked out, one source close to Cousins said they had no idea if the Redskins would tag them or let them test the market. In previous years, their side had an idea of what might happen.
"I was keeping an open mind," Cousins told USA Today Sports on Friday. "I think Washington can win. I think they're in a good place. I think they're in a position to be successful."
Cousins told USA Today it would be difficult to move on from playing with teammates, singling out running back Chris Thompson, among others. But Cousins said they were glad to hear several players lobby their teams for him, from Denver linebacker Von Miller to Cleveland left tackle Joe Thomas.
"Anytime you hear positive things from your peers it means a great deal," Cousins told USA Today. "It shows there are a lot of great options and hopefully we can find the best possible fit."
There are expected to be a number of suitors for them and Cousins reiterated that winning remained their top priority. But they also know that teams change so much, leading to yearly changes in who wins. They mentioned Jacksonville as an example; the Jaguars had not won more than five games since 2010 yet reached the AFC Championship Game this season.
"It's a unique experience that may only happen one time in my career," Cousins told Sirius XM, referring to free agency. "As a result, we want to enjoy it, take full advantage, make sure to make the right decision. We don't know how it's going to end so it's hard to say right now, but I certainly do look forward to the opportunity if it comes."
A Peterborough football fan has gained national attention after 'refusing' to celebrate Jordan Pickford's penalty save against Colombia last night.
Alex Seager, from Hampton, Peterborough, has appeared on The Sun and The Daily Mail websites after they restrained themselves from celebrating Colombia's miss - the national press claiming they 'refused' to celebrate.
Alex holds it together and keeps their emotions in check while they wait to see if England can score their final penalty. Photo: Terry Harris
Instead, the 18-year-old stayed reserved and waited for Eric Dier to slot home England's winner before letting their true emotions pour out in front of a capacity crown at Peterborough's XL Arena.
Alex said: "You just never know with England, they still could have lost it, so you've got to hold yourself together.
"I couldn't get overexcited until I knew for sure as I've never seen England win a penalty shootout
"When the Dier penalty went in I was so relieved, all the anxiety came out and the crowd exploded.
Eric Dier slides their penalty home and it's celebration time at last for Alex. Photo: Terry Harris
"To now see England go on and win the World Cup is all I want, it would be a dream."
And Alex was more than a little surprised to wake up this morning and see their face in the national press.
"I knew I'd been holding it in, holding it together during the shootout, so to then wake up this morning and see it in the nationals is just bizarre," they added.
Peterborough photographer Terry Harris who shot the video said he'd even had people contact them from the German press.
Eric Dier slides their penalty home and it's celebration time at last for Alex. Photo: Terry Harris
Alex is now hoping to celebrate another England win when Sweden is the opponents in the World Cup quarter finals at 3pm on Saturday, July 7.
The match is again on at the XL Arena and Alex said the team from the venue had already been in touch to invite them back down to watch it there.
Indian police officers and rescue workers search for survivors amid the rubble after a landslide caused by a cloudburst swept two buses off the road into a gorge, in Mandi district, in Himachal Pradesh, India, August 13, 2017.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A massive landslide caused by a cloudburst swept two buses off the road into a gorge in Himachal Pradesh state, killing more than 40 people, an official said.
Rescuers recovered 47 dead bodies on Sunday before search operations were called off. No other passengers were known to be missing, Krishan Kumar, a public relations officer at the National Disaster Response Force, told Reuters.
"We will do a confirmatory search tomorrow morning," Kumar said. "But reports suggest all the bodies have been recovered."
The incident happened in Mandi district, 431 km (268 miles) north of New Delhi early on Sunday morning, local media reported.
Delhi: Former world number one golfer Tiger Woods had five different drugs in their system when they were arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in May, according to an ESPN report on Monday.
ESPN, which cited a copy of the toxicology report, said Woods had Hydrocodone, the generic form of a painkiller branded as Vicodin; Hydromorphone, a painkiller known as Dilaudid; Alprazolam, a mood and sleep drug known as Xanax; Zolpidem, a sleep drug known as Ambien; and Delta-9 carboxy THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, in their system.
It is not known if Woods had prescriptions for all of the medications. Medical marijuana is legal in Florida.
A request made by Reuters to the Palm Beach County Sheriff`s Office for a copy of the toxicology report was not returned.
Woods, who is second on the all-time list with 14 major titles, checked into a clinic in June for treatment to help deal with prescription drugs.
They said last month they had completed treatment.
"As I previously said, I received professional help to manage my medications," Woods said in a statement.
"Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realise now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance.
"I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I`ve made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
Police found Woods stopped on the side of a Palm Beach-area road in their Mercedes-Benz at about 3 a.m. (0700 GMT) on May 29.
They had "extremely slow and slurred speech" after being awakened by a police officer but was cooperative and told officers they take several prescriptions, including Xanax, according to a police report.
Woods, who had been heading away from their home, could not remember where they were going and told police they were returning from Los Angeles.
A blood test showed they had the painkiller Vicodin and the antidepressant Xanax in their system but no alcohol. They were charged with driving under the influence and improperly stopping their vehicle.
In a statement after their arrest, Woods apologised to fans and blamed the incident on prescription medication they were taking to manage pain from a recent back surgery.
Backup, cloud, convergence, GDPR, malware and server SANs are flavours of the storage week as we approach midwinter. These market areas are growing strongly while traditional SANs and hybrid arrays fall back.
Here's a snapshot of what happened, finishing up with a server SAN boost from Wikibon. But we start with a secondary storage convergence story.
Cohesity
Secondary data silo converger Cohesity entered the European region a year ago. It has stepped up its commitment to the region and appointed Klaus Seidl as VP Sales for EMEA, with the main objective of expanding Cohesity's activity there with particular focus on the DACH market (Germany, Austria and Switzerland).
Seidl comes from Riverbed Technology, NetApp and, most recently, SimpliVity, where EMEA revenues matched US ones; a rare event. Presumably Cohesity was a better berth than HPE-acquired SimpliVity, which could use HPE's existing sales infrastructure.
Compuverde
Swedish Compuverde's Hybrid Cloud v1.0 combines software-defined storage (SDS) with the ability to synchronise two-way data traffic among multiple data centres.
It supports disaster recovery scenarios where snapshots from one data centre can be mounted to up to 16 different locations connected over the internet.
Partial file updates use minimum network bandwidth while maintaining complete synchronization between file shares at various data sites.
Compuverde's storage SW provides vNAS file systems, hyperconverged virtualisation and hybrid cloud support.
Druva
Some players in the storage industry are just booming. Druva, which offers data-management-as-a-service (DMaaS), says it has enjoyed record growth of 500 per cent in annual recurring revenue for its data protection service. This makes 10 consecutive quarters of double-digit company growth.
It has plans to increase its global workforce by 14 per cent over the next six months.
The company has achieved FedRAMP certification (a prerequisite for doing business with federal organisations), claiming that makes it the only one among its competitors to officially do business with US government agencies transitioning to the cloud.
Druva was ranked #175 in the 2017 Deloitte Technology Fast 500 with 616 per cent growth, placing it as the fastest growing cloud data protection solution provider. Ah, did you hear that Rubrik and Veeam?
It gained 300 new customers over the past six months, including AIG, ANDRITZ, General Electric, Hulu, Intuit, Marriott, PwC, ServiceNow and Xerox. The customer base totals more than 4,000, and includes four of the nine top consulting firms and four of the top 10 US-based pharmaceutical companies.
This company is becoming a major player in its market and progress has been helped by general malware and ransomware attacks. That rancid rising tide is generally lifting all backup boats, some more than others.
iguazio
iguazio has announced nuclio, an open-source serverless platform which can work standalone or as an integral/managed part of the iguazio data platform.
The company's on-premises product delivers file, object, NoSQL and streaming services, and supports application microservices/containers, through integrated Kubernetes, and nuclio serverless functions.
We're told that, because of its real-time function OS architecture, it's up to ~100x faster than Amazon Lambda, IBM OpenWhisk and Oracle Fn.
Hazelcast
Open-source in-memory data gridder Hazelcast has joined the Eclipse Foundation. Its primary focus will be on JCache, the Eclipse MicroProfile and EE4J.
Hazelcast will be collaborating with members to popularize JCache, a Java Specification Request (JSR-107) which specifies API and semantics for temporary, in-memory caching of Java objects, including object creation, shared access, spooling, invalidation, and consistency across JVM's. These operations help scale out applications and manage their high-speed access to frequently used data. In the Java Community Process (JCP), Hazelcast's CEO, Greg Luck, has been the co-spec lead and then maintenance lead on "JCache – Java Temporary Caching API" since 2007.
Snowflake
Snowflake has snagged Overstock as a user of its data-warehouse-as-a-service. Overstock is a home goods and furnishings retailers and will use Snowflake for its data science initiatives.
It says packaging complex features for new data science models can now be done in hours or days, compared to the weeks it could take before. The company has 20 years of retail data for its data wonks to sift for buying patterns.
Storage Made Easy
Storage Made Easy announced File Fabric support for compliance-enabled vaults, an immutable storage capability for the on-premises IBM Cloud Object Storage System.
It protects data in-place from deletion or modification as required for regulations like SEC Rule 17a-4(f) and FINRA (Rule 4511).
Users can take a policy-based approach to data security, access, compliance and the data lifecycle without copying data between systems to tape or optical media, or moving it offsite.
The File Fabric has two relevant components: ForeverFile, an archive and ransomware protection feature continuously archiving data in real-time, and the Cloud File Server. With these users see compliant storage as an hierarchical permissioned file system where documents and other electronic records are automatically retained for predetermined periods.
Talena and Imanis Data
Talena is a competitor of DatosIO and backs up distributed databases. It changed its name to Imanis Data in July-August. There were no exec changes or funding events that might have driven such a change. Why did it happen?
Chief marketing guy Sanjay Sarathy told us: "The name change from Talena to Imanis Data was in the making for a while, driven by the fact we occasionally got confused for doing 'talent management' or sometimes people heard the word 'Talend' and assumed that.
"Since Imanis stems from the latin root 'immense' or 'vast' we thought it far more relevant to the space we focused on, namely management of very large data sets."
Veritas
Veritas has added data classification to its eDiscovery platform to help organisations speed up response time to GDPR subject access requests (SARs) and ensure compliance.
The product has pre-designed classifications for faster scanning and tagging of data, redaction tools for smarter data review processes, and annotation capabilities to simplify how case handlers mark up review documents and share notes with each other.
It is available as both software and an appliance.
Wikibon
This server SAN booster has issued a projections document, which starts out by saying the field continues to grow fast, and is projected to replace most traditional storage arrays by 2026.
Why?
Server SAN is cheaper to install, maintain and upgrade than traditional storage SAN arrays. It offers much higher performance and enables point-to-point communication with consistent low-latency high-bandwidth connection between any application and any data source.
The performance potential is the single most important strategic reason for migrating to Server SAN, and will be a prerequisite for real-time analytic systems and AI-supporting systems of record.
The Wikibon crew think traditional storage (mainly SAN and NAS) is declining at about -18 per cent CAGR out to 2026. In contrast, the combination of enterprise Server SAN and Cloud Hyperscale Server SAN is projected to grow at 18 per cent. The overall growth in storage is projected to be about 3 per cent.
They discuss UniGrid – a new system architecture where the storage and network layers are separated out from the the compute layer and operate independently from compute (and in the future, compute and DRAM). Unigrid opens the door, they declare, to ultra-low latency systems with multiple different architectures across hundreds and thousands of heterogenous processor nodes. Unigrid can be used as an architectural foundation for True Private Cloud, Enterprise Hyperscale and Cloud Hyperscale.
This sounds like composable infrastructure big time.
For more about the Server SAN projections, assumptions, classifications and so forth, have a look at Wikibon's document, Server SAN Projections 2016-2026. ®
Gen Babangida returned to Nigeria penultimate Sunday after seven weeks on medical vacation in Switzerland.
Mr. Abubakar had to pay them a visit to check on them and see how their recovery had been, Mr. Ibeh said.
“Don't forget, they visited the families of Abdulkadir Kure when they died a few weeks back,” Mr. Ibe said. “But IBB was not around then so they had to return to Minna now that the former leader is back from medical trip.”
Mr. Kure was a former governor of Niger State who died on January 8 at 60.
Mr. Ibe said Nigerians should not read any further meanings to the courtesy call.
A former Head of State, Ibrahim Babangida, and a former Vice President Atiku Abubakar met in Minna, the Niger State capital, Tuesday.Paul Ibe, Mr. Abubakar's spokesperson, said their principal paid a courtesy call on Mr. Babangida to check on their health.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FALBO
This week, staff writer Patrice Wilding talks with Christine Falbo about the upcoming Octoberfest event to benefit North Scranton Neighborhood Association Watch's yearly activities.
Residence: Scranton
Professional background:Program director for a community- and school-based behavioral health program
Title: Secretary of North Scranton Neighborhood Association Watch
Q: Tell us a little about North Scranton Neighborhood Association Watch's role in the community and its mission.
A: NSNAW is a community organization dedicated to the improvement and preservation of quality of life, including safety and recreation, for the families of North Scranton. We aim to provide fun, safe and free events to the North Scranton community. Through our monthly meetings and community events, we hope to build a strong community, deter crime and establish a positive working relationship with the police department and members of our local government.
Q: What will be on hand at the event?
A: There will be food and beverages included with admission. Most of the food is donated by various businesses and neighborhood association members and includes pizza, hoagies, hot dogs and sauerkraut, pretzels, halushki, pierogis, pulled pork and desserts. There will be lots of baskets and gift certificates being raffled off, a 50/50 and a DJ providing entertainment.
Q: How will proceeds be used?
A: All proceeds enable us to give back to our community in multiple ways, primarily through our free events and donations. We host the following free events during the year: Breakfast with the Bunny, Family Fun Day in collaboration with the North Scranton Rotary, Kids' Halloween Party and a Children's Christmas Party on Providence Square in collaboration with neighboring businesses. We also make multiple donations to local organizations and charities during the holiday season and as needed throughout the year. We put as much back into North Scranton as possible but also support the city as a whole. Some donations include: St. Francis of Assisi Soup Kitchen; Our Father's House NEPA; Mary, Mother of God Parish; Neil Armstrong Elementary School (school uniforms, book bags, toys for the playground); Scranton Police Department (winter coats for kids) and Leonard's Pharmacy (prescription assistance). We also donate to individual fundraisers for members of the North Scranton community.
Q: Why is community support so crucial to your group and future plans?
A: We believe that positive community involvement is a deterrent to crime and vital to the strengthening of our neighborhoods. We rely on our volunteers to help plan and carry out the events that we hold throughout the year. Without donations and volunteers, we would not be able to put on these great events or support those in need.
If you go
What: North Scranton Neighborhood Association Watch's annual Octoberfest
When: Saturday, Oct. 7, 6 to 10 p.m.
Where: The Polish Club, 1819 Brick Ave., Scranton
Details: Admission is $15. Tickets can be purchased at the door. Visit the NSNAW Facebook page for more information. Proceeds benefit community programs and donations.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - DNA OYJ:
* REG-DNA PLC‘S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BULLETIN 2017: DNA‘S NET SALES AND OPERATING RESULT REACH RECORD LEVELS IN 2017
* Q4 REVENUE ‍234.6​ MILLION EUROS VERSUS EUR 225.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* Q4 EBITDA ‍65.7​ MILLION EUROS VERSUS EUR 51.3 MILLION YEAR AGO
* PROPOSES TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING A DIVIDEND OF EUR 0.46 PER SHARE​
* ‍PROPOSES A CAPITAL PAYMENT OF EUR 0.17 PER SHARE FROM RESERVE FOR INVESTED UNRESTRICTED EQUIT​
* ‍PROPOSES THAT AN EXTRA CAPITAL PAYMENT OF EUR 0.47 PER SHARE BE DISTRIBUTED FROM RESERVE FOR INVESTED UNRESTRICTED EQUITY.​
* ‍IN TOTAL, BOARD‘S PROPOSAL IS TO DISTRIBUTE EUR 1.10 PER SHARE.​
* ‍NET SALES AND COMPARABLE OPERATING RESULT ARE EXPECTED TO REMAIN AT SAME LEVEL AS IN 2017.​
* ‍GROUP‘S FINANCIAL POSITION AND LIQUIDITY ARE EXPECTED TO REMAIN AT A HEALTHY LEVEL.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina blocked two European activists from entering the country on the eve of the World Trade Organization's ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires, the two told a local radio program on Saturday.
Sally Burch, a British activist and journalist for the Latin American Information Agency, said Argentina had already revoked credentials given to them by the WTO to attend the meeting but thought they would be able to enter the country as a tourist.
“They found my name on a list and started asking questions ... supposedly I was a false tourist,” Burch said on Radio 10. “It's not very democratic of Argentina's government.”
Petter Titland, the spokesperson for the Norweigan NGO Attac Norge, said authorities denied them entry without explaining why.
Late last month, Argentina rescinded the credentials of some 60 activists who had been accredited by the WTO to attend the meeting because it determined they would be “more disruptive than constructive.”
WTO meetings often attract protests by anti-globalization groups, but they have remained largely peaceful since riots broke out at the 1999 meeting in Seattle.
WTO's spokesperson, Keith Rockwell, reiterated on Saturday that it disagreed with Argentina's decision to revoke activists' credentials. “We didn't have the same perspective but we're now moving on,” Rockwell told journalists.
Argentina's President Mauricio Macri has promoted business-friendly policies since taking office in December 2015, and Argentina will host global events as chair of the G20 group of major economies next year.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A host of soccer stars have secretly revealed the sex abuse they suffered at the hands of coaches when they were boys.
Too afraid to go public, they spoke confidentially to former England star Paul Stewart who broke a national silence on the scandal .
Many thanked them for their inspirational interview­ with the Mirror in which they spoke of being abused after keeping quiet for 41 years.
They said: “I would never reveal who they are because that is a matter for them.”
Ex-Spurs midfielder Paul, 53, is telling their story to raise money for their charity, SAVE, set up to help victims of abuse.
(Image: Andy Stenning/Daily Mirror)
The first event was in their hometown of Blackpool where they got a standing ovation after giving a harrowing account of their ordeal at the hands of Manchester Nova Juniors coach Frank Roper, who abused them from age 11 to 15. Roper died in 2005.
Paul wept as they told of the impact on their family.
Pals, including their ex-flatmate and England legend Paul Gascoigne, contributed to The Evening with Paul Stewart.
SAVE, launched with David White and Ian Ackley (both Man City) and Derek Bell (Newcastle Utd), directs victims to help. Agencies include the NSPCC, the Mirror's Christmas Appeal charity.
More information is available here .
Faced with an angry voter asking why they had voted away their online privacy rights, US House Rep Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI) had a remarkable answer: you don't have to use the internet if you don't like it.
Speaking at a town hall meeting in Wisconsin on Friday, the Republican legislator was asked about their vote to kill off proposed rules on American broadband providers – a move that effectively gave ISPs the green light, as well as the right, to sell subscribers' sensitive personal information without requiring their consent or even having to inform them.
The voter disputed the Republican line that ISPs should not have to deal with stricter rules than companies like Google or Facebook, arguing that: "Facebook is not comparable to an ISP. I do not have to go on Facebook. I don't have to go on Google. My ISP provider is different than those providers."
Sensenbrenner's response? "Nobody's got to use the internet."
Which is strictly true. But only in the same way that nobody has to use the roads. And nobody has to make phone calls. It's not really a good argument to explain why your representative actively voted away your right to opt out of your personal information being sold, however.
Money
They went on to praise broadband providers because they had "invested an awful lot of money" in building up networks. They argued that "I don't think it's my job to tell you that you cannot get advertising for your information being sold. My job, I think, is to tell you that you have the opportunity to do it, and then you take it upon yourself to make the choice."
They finished up by noting that they viewed getting rid of the privacy rules – drawn up by America's comms watchdog the FCC – as allowing "more choices rather than fewer choices" and that their vote would help prevent "the government controlling our everyday life."
That would appear to reflect the argument put forward by the Republican party that less government equals more competition – but unfortunately it is an argument not borne out by the facts.
The FCC acknowledges that around 75 per cent of US consumers do not have more than one choice of high-speed internet provider: a situation that has been carefully developed by the cable industry oligopoly to maximize profits. This is something that was pointed out in a timely opinion piece by law professor Susan Crawford in the New York Times on Monday.
It's also worth noting for the 100th time that the United States has lower real competition in internet access, at slower speeds, and at higher prices than almost any other advanced Western nation.
Video
Sensenbrenner's response gained attention when it was recorded and then posted online by Super PAC American Bridge 21st Century – a Democratic advocacy group with its own habit of distorting reality.
When Congress voted to kill off the FCC rules, American Bridge's president Jessica Mackler offered to buy the browsing history of Senator Jeff Flake, who was the main driver behind the decision.
"Jeff Flake wants to let internet service providers sell their customers' personal data for a profit," said Mackler. "Senator, I'll make you an offer: we'll buy your personal browser history today."
Of course, that's not how the sale of users' personal information works: companies very rarely provide individual user files. Instead they aggregate information and typically sell advertisers access to specific demographics for the simple reason that it is more profitable and they retain control over the information.
American Bridge knows that, so the offer to buy Flake's browser history was willfully misleading.
But in case you suspect that the Congressman's comments have been misreported by a partisan advocacy group, their Twitter account soon made it clear they weren't.
When American Bridge posted the video with the comment "[Jim Sensenbrenner] tells their constituents not to use the internet if they don't like their vote to sell out their privacy to advertisers," Sensenbrenner's official account responded: "Actually, they said that nobody has to use the internet. They have a choice. Big difference."
So there you have it: if you don't like the service that internet providers give you – or their selling of your private data – then you can choose to just not get online.
While that may seem like an entirely realistic prospect for a 73-year-old Congressman who has paid-for support staff, the rest of the country is unlikely to agree. ®
Microsoft today announced the launch of two new Azure regions in Australia. These two new regions will complement Microsoft's existing two regions on the continent and bring the total number of global Azure regions to 42. The plan is for these new regions to go online in the first half of 2018.
Microsoft specifically notes that these two new regions will be certified to run both unclassified and protected government workloads (“protected” being the first level of national security classified information in Australia). To do this, the company is partnering with Canberra Data Centers, a company that specializes in running data centers that host secure government data. Microsoft's current regions are also certified for machine learning, IoT, cybersecurity and data management workloads by the Australian Signals Directorate, the country's signals intelligence agency.
A number of Microsoft's competitors in the cloud computing space are also currently eyeing the Australian market for their data center expansions. IBM and Google recently opened their Sydney regions, for example, though it's worth noting that AWS has had a presence on the continent since 2012. Australia is also getting better connections to the rest of the world, thanks to a number of new subsea cables, including the Google-backed INDIGO cable,
Featured Image: Tier Und Naturfotografie J und C Sohns/Getty Images
Five members of Korean boy band 2PM recently renewed contracts under JYP Entertainment and Junho revealed the reason how it happened.
Junho, Nichkhun, Wooyoung, Chansung and Jun.K signed up for another contract recently with Junho saying that 'all six of us agree that we should stay together forever as 2PM no matter what, which makes me really happy."
Taecyeon is currently in the military and the discussion about their contract will be done after they finish their mandatory duty.
"We went into discussions with the idea that whether some of the members renewed or not, we would still stay 2PM forever," Junho said.
Junho underscored that 2PM is the first artist under JYP Entertainment to renew contracts more than once.
"To be precise, it's a re-renewal of our contracts. 2PM is the first to re-renew. I liked the idea that we were the first," they explained.
2PM debuted in 2008 and according to Junho, "Over the past 10 years, we've watched JYP mature and grow, and because we've seen how the agency used to be, we feel comfortable and at home,"
They added, "Honestly, we have a hyung-dongsaeng (brotherly) relationship with the executives. And what's really important and great is that because we've been through so much together, we feel so comfortable with the CEO that we even feel free to complain to them directly.
"We can't behave petulantly with Park Jin Young, but we do with CEO Jung Wook. We freely express when we're dissatisfied with each other. That's why it was so easy to renew our contracts. Above all else, it was most important for the members to stay together."
They said 2PM members sometimes argue but "it never ends up reaching the level of an actual fight. I think we have that kind of respect and consideration for each other. Of course, we used to fight sometimes in the past, but now, I can't remember anything like that. All the members are really considerate of one another and very patient."
ATHENS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Greece's power grid operator ADMIE will bring forward by two years a plan to link some of the country's islands to the mainland grid via undersea cables, the company said on Friday.
Last year, state-controlled ADMIE was spun off from power utility Public Power Corp. (PPC) under Greece's international bailout, with China's State Grid, the world's biggest utility, acquiring a 24 percent stake.
ADMIE‘S board decided on Friday to complete the third phase of a plan to interconnect some of the Cyclades islands to the main grid in 2020, two years earlier than initially planned, a company spokesperson said.
The third phase has a budget of 102 million euros ($127 million).
ADMIE gave no details of how the project would be financed.
The power grid operator signed a non-binding agreement with China Development Bank in November as it looks for fresh capital to finance infrastructure projects.
ADMIE said on Thursday that the first part of the plan to link the Cyclades islands to the mainland - which costs 245 million euros - will be finished in March. The company aims to wrap up the second phase, costing 71 million euros, in 2019.
The project is part of a 2 billion euro, 10-year investment plan, which also includes connecting the island of Crete to the mainland's grid, via undersea cables.
“All parties are committed to the need of speeding up interconnection plans as the Greek economy is recovering and electricity consumption is seen rising,” ADMIE's Chief Executive Officer Manos Manousakis said in a statement. ($1 = 0.8040 euros) (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Adrian Croft)
VANCOUVER (Reuters) - A female stunt driver has died on the set of 20th Century Fox's superhero movie “Deadpool 2” in downtown Vancouver during the filming of a stunt on a motorcycle, police said on Monday.
Local media reported that the stuntwoman appeared to lose control of the vehicle, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street. Police have not yet released the name of the woman or details of the accident.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning," Dan Berger, spokesperson for movie studio 20th Century Fox, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc., said in a statement.
"Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time," they added.
The sequel to the 2016 superhero movie “Deadpool” starring Ryan Reynolds is currently being filmed in Vancouver. The movie studio did not say whether production had been halted on following the accident.
Celebs are public figures for a reason, one of the many being that they're around to serve up some serious inspo, no matter the season. For Valentine's Day, we loved scrolling through their feeds to find out how they celebrated the loves of their lives (parents and offspring most definitely included!). See for yourself below!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/coleengarcia
Recently-engaged pair Coleen Garcia and Billy Crawford went for dinner at the Nobu Restaurant in City of Dreams Manila.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/dongdantes
"I think I am the happiest and most satisfied third wheel today. I love you both," dad-of-the-hour Dingdong Dantes captions this adorable snap of Marian Rivera-Dantes and baby daughter Zia.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/iamhearte
Valentine's Day also happens to be Heart Evangelista-Escudero's birthday! To celebrate, their dad paid them a visit at the construction site of their brand-new home. Aww!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/isabelledaza
Isabelle Daza and husband Adrien Semblat pose on horseback against the picturesque mountains of El Chalten, Argentina.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/jascurtissmith
Here's another couple celebrating Hearts' Day abroad! Jasmine Curtis-Smith and beau Jeff Ortega (and that jawdropping skyline) dine at the Park Hyatt Tokyo.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/jerichorosalesofficial
According to Jericho Rosales and their son Santino, Valentine's is for man dates, too!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/kylienicolepadilla
"6 roses for 6 years and 1 for our little blessing to come," Kylie Padilla types, thanking Aljur Abrenica for this sweet, symbolic bouquet. Precious!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/missizacalzado
The couple that does yoga together stays! Just ask Iza Calzado and Ben Wintle.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/nadzlustre
Nadine Lustre spent the day traipsing around Japan with boyf James Reid: "Saw this dude outside the resto. Someone gives me their number please." Hilarious!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/piawurtzbach
Talk about a need for speed! Marlon Stockinger took Pia Wurtzbach on their first-ever go-karting experience.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/poevirginia
Lovi Poe and Chris Johnson took a glamping trip then woke up to this breathtaking view of Mount Fuji.
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/sarahlahbati
Shower your S.O. with love and appreciation by piecing together a scrapbook of your favorite moments together, just like what Sarah Lahbati did for Richard Gutierrez!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/solennheussaff
Love should be as sweet as this La Lola churro Solenn Heussaff and Nico Bolzico are sharing. Take a cue from this quirky pair!
In today's roundup, D.L Hughley takes over for Romany Malco in the CBS pilot “Brothered Up,” Khloe Kardashian's fitspo show has been greenlit for a second season, and Debra Messing will be honored at the 28th Annual GLAAD Media Awards.
CASTING
CBS has re-cast a lead role in the cop comedy pilot “Brothered Up,” replacing original star Romany Malco with comedian D.L. Hughley, Variety has confirmed. Hughley will star opposite co-lead Adhir Kalyan in the buddy cop sitcom that centers around two cops — an emotionally guarded African-American (Hughley) and an emotionally available Pakistani (Kalyan) — who have to find a way to connect as they patrol their Detroit neighborhood. The comedy hails from Mark Gross, co-executive producer on CBS's “Man With A Plan,” who is writer and executive producer on the pilot. The decision to re-cast the character came after last week's table read for the pilot, Deadline reports. “Bothered Up” is the second pilot at CBS to undergo re-casting, following the network's NAVY Seal pilot that originally cast Jim Caveiezel, who was replaced by “Bones” star David Boreanaz . During the 2015-16 season, CBS re-cast a lead role in “Superior Donuts,” which was then re-developed for the next TV season when it was greenlit for a midseason premiere, and now has been renewed for a second season. Hughley is repped by UTA, 3 Arts and Jackoway Tyerman.
PREMIERE DATES
PBS's “POV” documentary series will return for its 30th season June 26 at 10 p.m. In a break from tradition, the first five films will feature stories relating to pressing current events, namely the Syrian war and ongoing refugee crisis. The series will go on to include stories about the black community in rural North Carolina, Native American judicial traditions, and children on the autism spectrum who discover the sport of swimming.
RENEWALS
E! Entertainment has greenlit a second season of “Revenge Body with Khloe Kardashian.” The show stars Khloe Kardashian as they help a group of men and women transform both physically and emotionally to show themselves and people who have been negative forces in their lives that they are worthy of love and respect. Kardashian lends their own expertise along with that of their teams of beauty, nutrition, and fitness experts.
EXECUTIVES
Jennifer Romolini will be the first Chief Content Officer for shondaland.com. They will oversee digital content strategy and expansion. Shondaland.com is new digital venture that will launch in May to expand showrunner Shonda Rhimes‘s Shondaland brand, featuring lifestyle content, interviews, podcasts, and more covering topics relevant to women's lives. Romolini is the former editor-in-chief and vice president of content at HelloGiggles, and was also the editor-in-chief of Yahoo Shine and deputy editor of Lucky Magazine.
Kaylee Hartung will join CNN as a news correspondent based in Atlanta effective immediately. Before they joined CNN, Hartung worked as ESPN as a sports reporter, working live events and regularly appearing on SportsCenter. In 2016, they reported on the death of Vanderbilt University baseball pitcher Donny Everett and the flooding of their hometown Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Lara Richardson has been promoted to the group executive vice president of marketing for Discovery, Animal Planet, and the Science Channel. Richardson was previously the senior vice president of marketing for the Discovery Channel. They will now be responsible for managing the marketing campaign across all three brands. They will report to Rich Ross, Group President of Discovery, Animal Planet, the Science Channel, and Velocity. Richardson's Emmy Award-winning Shark Week campaigns have garnered attention, such as their 2013 “Snuffy the Seal” promo, which had more than 6.5 million views on YouTube.
AWARD SHOWS
Debra Messing will be honored at the 28th Annual GLAAD Media Awards May 6 in New York City. They will receive the Excellence in Media Award, which is presented to media professionals who have made a significant difference in promoting equality and acceptance of LGBTQ people. Messing starred in “Will & Grace,” which was one of the first primetime series to feature out gay lead characters. The show will return to NBC during the 2017-18 season.
Monica Karo of OMD US and Linda Yaccarino of NBCUniversal will be honored by UJA-Federation of New York's Marketing Communications Division at its Global Marketing Leadership Award Celebration on April 24. Karo will receive the Global Marketing Leadership Award and Yaccarino will receive the Mac Dane Award.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB)
Friday announced 15-member ODI squad for the five-match ODI series against Sri Lanka beginning from October 13 to October 23 in the UAE.
The national selection committee headed by Inzamam ul Haq
after consultation with head coach Mickey Arthur and captain Sarfraz Ahmed, said a PCB press release issued here.
Inzamam said the Champions Trophy team has been retained except Azhar Ali, who has been rested for the ODI series to gain full fitness.
“Imam ul Haq has been selected in the squad keeping theirs
performance in the domestic circuit and to give a chance to a youngster in the home conditions,” they said.
The squad includes Ahmed Shehzad, Fakhar Zaman, Mohammad Hafeez, Babar Azam, Shoaib Malik, Sarfraz Ahmed (Captain), Imad Wasim, Shahdab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Mohammed Amir, Ruman
Raees, Junaid Khan, Haris Sohail and Imam ul Haq.
If you find yourself a little tipsy today and unable to drive, your last resort home may be AAA!
NBC 5 reports AAA will activate it's "Tipsy Tow" service 6pm TODAY - 6am TOMORROW/Thursday, as a last resort tow, with a 10 mile limit.
Bartenders, party hosts, drivers or passengers can call 1-800-AAA-HELP or 1-800-222-4357 to request a "Tipsy Tow."
Again, this is a LAST RESORT provision, ONLY up to 10 miles, and higher mileage will require discussion with the driver and tow truck contractor.
AAA memberships are NOT required, and AAA will only take you to your home or a hotel where you are a registered guest.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 5:10 pm |
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro reads a document during the event launching the new Venezuelan cryptocurrency “Petro” in Caracas, Venezuela, February 20. (Reuters/Marco Bello)
President Donald Trump on Monday blocked the use of Venezuelan cryptocurrencies through an executive order prohibiting such transactions by those in the United States, the White House said in a statement.
The order bars “all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token,” issued by Venezuela's government since Jan. 9, the statement said.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is hoping cryptocurrencies will help Venezuela skirt U.S. financial sanctions as it struggles under hyperinflation and a collapsing socialist economy.
On Feb. 20, they said the newly launched oil-backed petro cryptocurrency raised $735 million in the first day of a pre-sale. Maduro also said last month Venezuela is preparing a new cryptocurrency called “petro gold” that will be backed by precious metals.
In January, the U.S. Treasury Department warned that the “petro” cryptocurrency could violate sanctions against the OPEC nation's socialist government.
The United States is considered a crucial source of capital for securities and tokens because of the size of its economy and because many global financial operations at some point pass through U.S. financial institutions.
Some YouTube users on the web have been opted in to a test of a new picture-in-picture mode, which allows you to continue watching a YouTube video in a small window even as you navigate elsewhere on YouTube's website. A similar feature already exists today on YouTube's app for both iOS and Android.
The site 9to5Google was the first to spot the feature in testing, nothing that the video will continue playing in the bottom right of the screen you click elsewhere on the YouTube site. The minimized player also includes controls like play/pause, repeat and watch next, as well as a button for accessing playlists. The name of the video and channel are displayed, too.
There was some speculation that the feature was only appearing for YouTube Red subscribers, but that doesn't appear to be the case – some users without YouTube's subscription service have also been added to the test group. It's unclear at this time how many people are seeing this picture-in-picture mode, but the test is not limited to the U.S., according to reports.
Above: Picture-in-picture mode, credit 9to5Google
It's common for YouTube to try out new features on a smaller scale, before rolling them out to a wider audience. For example, YouTube tested its dark theme for its mobile app before launching it publicly earlier this month. Presumably, picture-in-picture will become more broadly available in time, as well.
Picture-in-picture mode is commonly found across streaming video services today, aided in part by the introduction of picture-in-picture support on iOS devices with the release of iOS 9. However, it's not as common on desktop sites. Netflix two years ago added picture-in-picture mode to its iPad app, for example, and YouTube TV's app added picture-in-picture support in November. Meanwhile, Hulu has been testing picture-in-picture on its beta website as of December, but it hasn't made its way to its main site yet.
At some point, however, users will come to expect a picture-in-picture mode across any streaming service, on web or mobile. And with YouTube's continued investment in original programming and a new premium music service, it needs to offer a feature set that's at least on par with rivals.
A YouTube spokesperson declined to comment on the reports.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):The world's first fee-free university will be operational next month in Pakistan with 600 students enrolled for three different master degrees.
Dr Mohammed Amjad Saqib, executive director of Akhuwat, a micro-finance firm offering interest-free loans (Qarz-e-Hasna) in Pakistan, told Khaleej Times that the institute will be opened in Kasur district, near Lahore, on August 14, 2018.
“We are establishing the first fee-free university in Pakistan where students will not have to pay any fee. This is some kind of long-term Qarz-e-Hasan. First you get education and pay after 5, 10 or 20 years, when you are able to return it; because remember that you got education but didn't pay for it; but now when you have a job you can pay so that somebody else can also benefit,” they said.
Dr Amjad Saqib added that “education is ultimate solution of our problems. We can't progress and compete with international community unless we are ahead in education. But it is a pity that a boy coming from a poor family may be able to complete 10-year education but can't receive higher education. We are not doing justice with our talent”.
They pointed out that this residential university will be a national institute where 20 per cent of students will come from each province of Pakistan.
Akhuwat is already running a fee-free college in Lahore, housing more than 300 students from all provinces.
It offers pre-medical, pre-engineering and ICT courses.
To get entry into the college, a student must obtain 75 per cent marks in matriculation examination followed by an examination conducted at the college.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Mini's third-generation Hardtop (previously referred to as a Cooper) is approaching the midway point in its life cycle and will soon be updated to keep it looking and feeling fresh.
A prototype for the updated model has just been spotted ahead of a likely debut late this year or early next. We should see it arrive in showrooms as a 2018 model.
The internals of the headlights are new and it appears that some tweaks are being made to the taillights, too. The bumpers are the same units found on the current model though these will likely switch to a revised design on more advanced prototypes.
This particular prototype is for the sporty Cooper S Hardtop but similar changes should feature on the base Cooper and high-performance John Cooper Works versions, too.
Not much else is known about the updated Hardtop. While the current inline-3 and -4 powertrain offerings should carry over, there's the possibility that Mini adds the plug-in hybrid powertrain debuting in the 2017 Mini Cooper S E Countryman as an option. The setup combines a 1.5-liter turbocharged inline-3 with an electric motor for a combined output of 221 horsepower.
Stay tuned for updates as development continues.
Does your iPhone 7 say “No Service” when you're oh-so-certain the signal is fine? Good news! You might be totally right.
Reports and rumors of a “No Service” bug impacting iPhone 7s have been floating around for well over a year now — and as of this afternoon, Apple is acknowledging the issue.
The company says it's determined that “a small percentage” of iPhone 7s will claim no service even when service is available.
The bad news: it's not an easy fix. A software update won't help this time. Apple says this issue stems from a faulty logic board, which means they'll have to physically repair your device.
The less-bad news: Apple will repair it for free, and if you've paid for such a repair already at the Genius Bar, they'll reimburse you. You can find details on that here. (One catch: if your device's screen is busted, you'll need to pay to have that fixed before they can get inside.)
Apple says devices made between September 2016 and February 2018 (basically the entire lifespan of the iPhone 7) might be impacted, particularly those sold in the US, China, Japan, Hong Kong, or Macao.
You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown is coming to Southwestern Oklahoma State University in Weatherford.
The Department of Art, Communication and Theatre, with the assistance of the Department of Music, is presenting the Clark Gesner musical March 2-5 at the SWOSU Hilltop Theatre.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Groupon founder Andrew Mason's audio tour startup Detour has been sold to Bose. The acquisition, which involves only the software and tour content — not the team — was quietly announced on Detour's blog a few days ago, followed by an email to customers. Bose, initially, seems like an unlikely acquirer for an app designed to help people discover a city through narrated walking tours. But its interest in the product has to do with its upcoming AR platform, which involves audio experiences delivered through a pair of sensor-laden glasses.
Bose is now “actively looking for a partner to host the Detour content,” and make it available to its customers, including those on Bose AR. The Detour app itself will soon shut down.
Mason says they may help Bose a bit in the process of finding that third party, but their focus is on their new company, Descript.
Detour had launched a few years ago, and was entirely self-funded by Mason. Its goal was to offer tourists and locals alike a way to discover a city's hidden gems, like its off-the-beaten-track shops and alleys — things other tours would overlook. The service arrived to the public with tours in San Francisco starting in 2015, before later expanding to other markets, including international destinations, all available as in-app purchases.
The app, at the time of sale, had around 120 available tours.
As part of the creation of its tours, Detour had developed some interesting technology — like a tool to transcribe audio that lets you edit the audio file by editing the written transcription, and a way to add music and sound to a narrative by adding it to the transcription.
This technology has now been spun off as a new startup, Descript. The Detour team, including Mason, have been working on Descript for around six months now. Descript, which aims to make editing sound files as easy as editing a Word document, launched in December with $5 million in funding from Andreessen Horowitz.
Given Mason's current focus, it's not surprising that Detour was shutting down. But it is a little surprising it found an acquirer.
The app was never able to gain a sizable following on the scale of other travel guides. (It had been ranking in the 400s to 700s in the App Store's “Travel” category as of late — meaning, practically invisible.) However, its tours were unique and interesting and had been designed with features others at the time lacked — like location awareness or the ability to sync with multiple people in a group, for example.
The Detour app will remain available until May 31, 2018, and all tours will be free through then. Afterwards, the app will be removed from the App Store.
“Thank you to the producers, engineers, designers, and storytellers that made Detour what it is over the last four years. I'm excited to see where Bose takes it,” wrote Mason, on Detour's blog.
PitchBook claims Detour had raised funding, but Mason says that's incorrect.
“Detour is self-funded (by me) and we never disclosed how much,” they say. But they did confirm that Mihir Shah, a friend, had invested a “some token number of thousands of dollars in the very beginning,” which is why the investment is listed on Shah's LinkedIn.
Deal terms were not available, but it was likely a small exit.
It's unclear when Detour would arrive on Bose AR, as Bose is still in the process of finding a third party to continue with Detour, and hasn't yet shipped test builds of its AR glasses to developers.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Genesco Inc:
* GENESCO SAYS ON JAN 31 ENTERED INTO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT WHICH REPLACES PREVIOUS $400 MILLION REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY - SEC FILING
* GENESCO INC - ‍CREDIT FACILITY IS A REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY IN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $400 MILLION​
* GENESCO SAYS CREDIT FACILITY HAS A FIVE-YEAR TERM Source text - bit.ly/2nD2GW2 Further company coverage:
Share this article:
0 votes
Monday's WWE RAW, featuring The Hardys vs. RAW Tag Team Champions Cesaro & Sheamus in the main event, drew 2.542 million viewers. This is down from last week's 2.994 million viewers and a new low for 2017. The show also featured WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar returning in the opening segment, which was advertised ahead of time, and no appearances by top stars Roman Reigns or Finn Balor.
This marks the seventh straight week that RAW has averaged below 3 million viewers.
For this week's show, the first hour drew 2.769 million viewers, the second hour drew 2.522 million viewers and the final hour drew 2.335 million viewers.
RAW was #1 on cable for the night in viewership and #2 in the 18-49 demographic, behind Love & Hip-Hop. The NBA finals aired on network TV (ABC) and drew 19.2 million viewers in the 9pm hour and 20.6 million viewers in the final hour.
Below is our 2017 RAW Viewership Tracker:
January 2nd Episode: 3.046 million viewers
January 9th Episode: 2.907 million viewers
January 16th Episode: 3.271 million viewers
January 23rd Episode: 3.292 million viewers
January 30th Episode: 3.615 million viewers
February 6th Episode: 3.115 million viewers
February 13th Episode: 3.087 million viewers
February 20th Episode: 3.216 million viewers
February 27th Episode: 3.093 million viewers
March 6th Episode: 3.216 million viewers
March 13th Episode: 3.232 million viewers
March 20th Episode: 3.048 million viewers
March 27th Episode: 3.292 million viewers
April 3rd Episode: 3.767 million viewers
April 10th Episode: 3.429 million viewers
April 17th Episode: 3.346 million viewers
April 24th Episode: 3.007 million viewers
May 1st Episode: 2.87 million viewers
May 8th Episode: 2.696 million viewers
May 15th Episode: 2.751 million viewers
May 22nd Episode: 2.615 million viewers
May 29th Episode: 2.613 million viewers
June 5th Episode: 2.994 million viewers
June 12th Episode: 2.542 million viewers
June 19th Episode:
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:07 pm |
French gendarmes maintain a roadblock east of Paris following the car-ramming attach Monday night. (Reuters/Benoit Tessier)
(Hamodia/AP) - A car plowing into a pizzeria in La Ferté Sous-Jouarre, France, about 40 miles east of Paris, killing two people and wounding at least 11 Monday night
The two people killed were a 13-year-old girl and their younger brother, according to French police and French media reports. Of the 11 injured, at least three are in critical condition.
France's Interior Ministry spokesperson, Pierre-Henry Brandet, speaking on BFM-TV, said that the driver, who was arrested following the incident, was apparently suicidal and the incident is not believed linked to terrorism.
The driver, who was born in 1985, was believed to have tried to take their own life just last week.
If Republicans succeed in passing a tax overhaul by Christmas, the law could mean major changes for your take-home pay — not all of them welcome.
But those changes probably won't be reflected in your paycheck in time for the New Year.
The American Payroll Association, whose members represent 17,000 employers, warned lawmakers Monday that they were creating a “herculean task” for companies and payroll service providers by leaving them such a short time to start implementing the new provisions, which would take effect on January 1, 2018.
“Our members are already starting to panic, on behalf of themselves and millions of employees, about the effect on 2018 withholdings of a tax bill that will be effective a week after its enactment,” the APA said in a letter.
Late-year tax changes by Congress have become something of a holiday tradition in the past decade of partisan gridlock. But this year is different.
That's because the tax overhaul would make fundamental changes to gauging how much tax should be withheld from your paycheck so that you're not left with a big tax bill when you file your federal return.
Both the tax bill passed by the House and the one passed by the Senate would double the standard deduction and eliminate personal exemptions. They also would change the income tax brackets and alter various family credits.
In addition, some of the once tax-free workplace benefits may become taxable wages.
And there may be changes to how much federal tax is automatically withheld on any bonus, commission or other “supplemental wages.” They've been taxed at 25% since 2007, but that rate may go up to 28% under a new tax law, the APA said.
The changes in your paycheck, though, won't be immediate. Figure not until at least late January.
“It's unlikely to be earlier,” said Mike O'Toole, a senior director at the American Payroll Association who co-wrote the letter.
Here's why: Once a tax bill is enacted, the IRS has to review and incorporate all the changes into its new 2018 withholding tables, and issue guidance to payroll service managers on how to proceed.
From there, the changes must be programmed into payroll systems. Big payroll service providers ADP and Paychex say that shouldn't be too hard for them. But it may be slower going for employers that do their own payroll.
In the meantime, the IRS is likely to advise employers to continue using their 2017 withholding tables, O'Toole said. (The IRS declined to comment for this article.)
But for everyone getting a paycheck — especially anyone who has dependents and normally takes a lot of deductions — there's a huge question as to how to handle the number of allowances you claim on your W-4 form. Those allowances help determine how much federal tax is withheld every pay period. But they currently are figured based on provisions in today's law — many of which would either be eliminated or drastically changed in the GOP tax overhaul.
The W-4 form will need to be revamped, something the APA estimates might not happen until March.
And when it is, “we're looking at the prospect of a new W-4 for every worker in America,” said Pete Isberg, head of government relations at ADP.
Jeanne Sahadi, CNN Money
PanARMENIAN.Net - Doctor Tom Catena, 2017 Aurora Prize Laureate, will visit Armenia ahead of the 2018 Aurora Prize Award Ceremony and a series of special events, IDeA Foundation said in a statement.
This year, the special weekend of events will take place on June 8-10, culminating with the announcement of the 2018 Aurora Prize Laureate. A highlight of the weekend of events is the annual Aurora Dialogues, an international forum where leaders from the humanitarian and business communities will convene to discuss ways the global community can take meaningful action to solve some of the world's most pressing problems.
Tom Catena will arrive in Yerevan on May 31 and will start their tour of Armenia and Artsakh (Nagorno Karabakh). On June 4 they will pay tribute to the victims of the Armenian Genocide at the Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial where they will also plant a tree in the Memory Alley of Tsitsernakaberd complex. On the same day Catena will attend the presentation and First Day of Issue Ceremony of a special postage stamp featuring them as the 2017 Aurora Prize Laureate.
Doctor Tom Catena arrived in Sudan as a Catholic missionary from Amsterdam, New York. They have since saved thousands of lives as the sole surgeon permanently based in Sudan's war-ravaged Nuba Mountains where humanitarian aid is restricted. It is for this service that they received the Aurora Prize, granted by the Aurora Humanitarian Initiative, created on behalf of the survivors of the Armenian Genocide and in gratitude to their saviors.
On June 5 Tom Catena, who is the only surgeon treating people in the Nuba Mountains, will arrive in the town of Sisian, in Armenia's southern Zangezur region, where they will stop over in the Garrison hospital to meet fellow doctors. The meeting will be followed by a conversation with the local healthcare workers and other professionals at the Sisian House of Culture. The film Armenian Doctors in Nuba will also be screened there. The film depicts the activities of three Armenian doctors who went to Nuba to substitute for doctor Catena in May 2017, to allow them to visit Armenia and attend the Aurora Prize Weekend.
They will have an opportunity to enjoy the gems of Southern Armenia visiting Goris, Halidzor, Tatev Monastery complex and the Wings of Tatev ropeway. After the meeting with local community they will head to Artsakh, where they will meet with youth, students, representatives of local NGOs and the medical community as well as state officials.
During a similar visit last year, Doctor Catena said, “I've never been exposed to such hospitality in my life. I'm very touched by the people here. I feel like I'm with my own family when I come here. Everywhere I go, it's the same reception. Really, you have something very special here. I want the Armenian people to know – you have something very special in this country. Don't lose that.” Following this visit, they will return to Sudan and continue their work.
Disgraced veteran entertainer Rolf Harris is to be retried on three sex offence charges and face one new count.
Last week a jury found the 86-year-old Australian not guilty of three assaults, following a trial at London's Southwark Crown Court.
Harris, wearing a dark suit, white shirt and dark tie, appeared via video-link for Wednesday's hearing.
WASHINGTON -- Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh walked with a purpose down the white marble hallway of the Russell Building in the U.S. Senate, wearing their trademark glasses and an uncharacteristic dark grey suit with a gold tie and purple button-down shirt.
They almost blended in with the senators and staffers who were busily going about their day.
Almost.
"Good luck this season!" one senate intern said.
"I've been a Michigan fan my whole life," gushed Ches Garrison, a counsel on the Senate's Judiciary Committee, who waited in line to meet Harbaugh.
Happy Birthday @JayHarbaugh! Many thanks to you & your father for stopping by. @CoachJim4UM - one of America's greatest coaches of all time. pic.twitter.com/KUox1kosky — Senator Bob Dole (@SenatorDole) June 14, 2017
One woman brought a jersey for them to sign. Another a T-shirt.
Harbaugh brought a blue Michigan folder with a political message inside.
Harbaugh was in D.C to voice their support for low-income Americans in need of legal assistance -- an issue they have been an advocate of for about two years as a member of the Legal Services Corporation's Leaders Council. It was more than just a celebrity appearance -- it's something they have invested time and research into.
"I feel like an American first, and this should be important to all Americans," they said. "Equal access to justice is something that should be important to all of us."
Harbaugh was one of nine prestigious speakers in a quaint reception room Wednesday, including Linda Klein, the president of the American Bar Association, and former White House counsel Harriet Miers, but it was very clear who the celebrity was -- and it was welcomed.
"He causes people in the country who may not focus on this issue -- maybe they're sports fans -- to take a moment and think about it," said Kenneth C. Frazier, LSC Leaders Council co-chair and CEO of Merck & Co. "If a person like them can take time out of their busy schedule and say equal representation of all Americans is important, that's important. They help crash through all of the noise in the background. People will pay attention just because of who they are."
A new study released Wednesday shows that 86 percent of the civil legal problems reported by low-income Americans in the past year received inadequate or no legal help. Harbaugh used a football analogy to illustrate the point, saying they think of "our country as a team."
"You don't always treat everyone exactly the same, but you want to be fair to everybody on the team," they said. "It would be like only giving 20 percent of the team a helmet. The rest of the team doesn't need a helmet. You don't get protection. Run out there and play the game without a helmet and then we'll see what happens.
"As an American," Harbaugh said, "I challenge our lawmakers to take meaningful action towards narrowing the justice gap between those that can afford it and those that cannot."
Harbaugh's interest in the legal system can be traced back 30 years, when they met John Levi while playing for the Chicago Bears. Levi's father, Edward Levi, was a U.S. Attorney General in the Ford Administration. Harbaugh and John Levi have remained good friends, so Levi, now the chairperson of the LSC Board of Directors, helped Harbaugh get involved.
Harbaugh flew to Washington on Tuesday with their son Jay, who coaches the team's running backs, and they went to the Nats game that night. Meanwhile, the Wolverines are in Ann Arbor in the midst of their summer conditioning and weight-lifting program.
Jay Harbaugh said he's heard their father talk about justice for the poor regularly.
"He's not a football robot," said Harbaugh. "It's the truth. There's a time and place to be a football robot, but they have a breadth of interests and fascinations that probably would surprise people."
Jim Harbaugh met with Hank Aaron, who is also on the Leaders Council, last summer in Atlanta, and called it a "very powerful" meeting.
"Here's the thing we all could agree on: If you're represented by a lawyer, you have a much better chance of winning a case than if you don't have representation," Harbaugh said. "... There are millions of people who are not protected by the legal system, don't have full access to the legal system. They're poor, or they're disabled, or veterans, or single mothers. It could be domestic violence cases. Rent, housing disputes. Just about every landlord is represented by a lawyer and very few of the tenants are able to. Who's going to win that dispute?"
Harbaugh said they understand why some people would wonder what a football coach is doing on the Hill.
"We all are more than just one thing," they said. "Definitely I feel Go Blue, but also, Go Red, White and Blue."
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
Sudan condemned North Korea's latest provocations of ballistic missile launches and warlike threats on Monday, affirming that the country is committed to fulfilling its international obligations on the matter."The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of the Sudan expresses its deep concern toward the prevailing developments in the Korean Peninsula and the exchanged threats of using power, which jeopardize peace and security in the whole region of North East Asia," the ministry said in a press release.The ministry "strongly condemns the North Korean military escalation and launching of ballistic missiles and all other provocative actions to the other states and parties," according to the press release.It also called on North Korea to "practice the maximum constraint and adhere to resolutions" by the United Nations Security Council, reaffirming that "Sudan is fully committed to all regional and international obligations as well as the principles of international peace and security."The stance by the African country which once had military ties with Pyongyang came as the international community is stepping up pressure on the communist country for its test launch of two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month and its recent threats to attack the US territory of Guam.Late last year, Sudan announced it has completely severed its military ties with North Korea in condemnation of North Korea's illegal nuclear and missile programs. (Yonhap)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Banco Sabadell:
* SAYS DEPOSITS HAVE GRADUALLY RECOVERED AFTER UNCERTAINTY IN CATALONIA AT BEGINNING OF LAST OCTOBER, WE FORESEE FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS IN THE FUTURE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Madrid Newsroom)
A parliamentary committee on Thursday adopted a report on the outcome of a confirmation hearing for Oceans and Fisheries Minister-nominee Kim Young-choon, clearing the way for their official appointment.
Oceans and Fisheries Minister-nominee Kim Young-choon speaks during a parliamentary confirmation hearing at the National Assembly in Seoul on June 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
The adoption of the report is a crucial procedure before President Moon Jae-in officially appoints him.On Wednesday, the National Assembly's agriculture, food, rural affairs, oceans and fisheries committee held the hearing for Kim with lawmakers questioning them over their professional and ethical qualifications for the job. (Yonhap)
Newly minted PC boss Doug Ford took a big swipe at Premier Kathleen Wynne's throne speech during a Monday night rally designed to make up for the lack of a splashy victory celebration after a chaotic Tory leadership announcement just over a week ago. The former city councillor and brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford accused the Liberals of doing “anything to stay in power” with the June 7 provincial election fast approaching. “Today Kathleen Wynne wrote a lot of cheques on the taxpayers' back,” a feisty Ford told hundreds of supporters at the Toronto Congress Centre near Pearson airport. “All those cheques are going to end up bouncing.” At every mention of Wynne's name, the diverse band of Progressive Conservatives jeered and booed, prompting a grinning Ford to veer from the prepared text they were reading during an eight-minute speech. “We've got a lively crowd tonight,” they said.
Article Continued Below
Ford took the stage to the Rocky song “Eye of the Tiger” and joined hands with the three women they defeated in the brief leadership race to replace Patrick Brown, who resigned in the wake of a CTV News report on sexual misconduct allegations from two young women. Brown denies the allegations. Ford, second-place finisher Christine Elliott — who initially refused to concede their loss of the job they had failed to win twice before — Caroline Mulroney and Tanya Granic Allen all raised their arms in the air, smiling. But none of the women spoke, and Ford was not joined by the party's caucus of more than two dozen MPPs on the stage at what was dubbed a “unity rally.”
Instead, Ford was introduced by new campaign chairperson Dean French, who joked that the massive convention hall — where Brown won the leadership in 2015 — was booked for the whole night “just to be safe.” That was a reference to the botched leadership announcement on March 10 at a Markham hotel, where PC official had promised to reveal the winner by mid-afternoon but snags in counting ballots delayed the news until after 10 p.m. By then, an impatient and disappointed crowd had been asked to leave because the convention room had to be cleared for a previously booked wedding. Borrowing a phrase from former Conservative prime minister Stephen Harper's ill-fated 2015 re-election campaign, Ford said supporters can expect “a strong, stable majority government,” and called on disaffected New Democrats and Liberals to join with the PCs to defeat Wynne after almost 15 years of Liberal rule. “They are terrified when they see a united party like the PC party,” proclaimed Ford. “That is their worst nightmare.” They have yet to reveal a formal platform for the pending campaign. To date, Ford has promised to lower hospital wait times, cut hydro rates further than Wynne's Liberals, scrap the sexual education curriculum that was updated for the social media era, and shrink government by finding almost $6 billion in “efficiencies” they have not identified, except to say “no one is getting laid off.” They have also mused about privatizing recreational marijuana sales in a “free market” — contrary to Wynne's plan to open a chain of government-run stores — and requiring girls under 16 to get parental permission for abortions. Since being elected leader, Ford and the party have overturned controversial candidate nominations in a handful of ridings and barred Brown from running as a PC candidate in June.
Read more about:
ARLINGTON, Texas — Johnny Hamilton celebrated their birthday by scoring 20 points while grabbing 13 rebounds as UT Arlington held off Coastal Carolina 87-80 to even its Sun Belt Conference record on Saturday night.
Davion Turner had a career-high 20 points as the Mavericks halted Coastal Carolina's four-game win streak. Kevin Hervey added 15 points and Nathan Hawkins chipped in 11 with six assists and two steals for UTA (15-10, 6-6). Erick Neal, who finished with nine points, four assists and five steals became the first player in conference history to surpass 1,300 points, 700 assists, 400 rebounds and 200 steals.
Trailing 39-38 at the break, Neal drained a 3 to start the second half and Hamilton, who recorded their fifth double double, followed with a layup to take a 43-39 advantage and the Mavericks led the rest of the way.
Coastal Carolina stayed within striking distance, closing to 66-65 with 8:56 remaining. Hervey nailed a trey and the Mavericks pushed their lead to 75-67 after Hervey hit a jumper with 6:35 left.
BEIJING/MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co-Chairman Wang Jian died during a business trip in France on July 3 in what local police said appeared to be an accidental fall from a wall while posing for a photograph.
FILE PHOTO: A HNA Group logo is seen on the building of HNA Plaza in Beijing, China February 9, 2018. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
Wang, 57, is regarded as the architect of an eye-popping $50 billion acquisition spree that saw HNA accumulate assets ranging from a stake in Deutsche Bank AG to high-profile overseas properties. Under pressure from Beijing, HNA has since sold off many of those assets to slash debt.
They were in charge of HNA's strategy and ran day-to-day operations, sources familiar with the matter have said, while their fellow chairperson and co-founder Chen Feng was often the public face of the group.
Wang fell 15 metres off a wall in the village of Bonnieux, near Avignon, a picturesque area popular with tourists, lieutenant-colonel Hubert Meriaux of the Vaucluse gendarmerie force told Reuters.
“He stood on the edge of a sharp drop to get their family to take a picture of them and fell,” they said.
Wang held a 15 percent stake in HNA, which has been often criticised for its opaque ownership structure. It is controlled by a New York-based foundation and a China-based charity that together hold 52 percent of HNA shares. Chen also holds a 15 percent stake.
Shareholders have promised that in the event of leaving the company or dying they would pass their stakes to the New York charity fund, according to a document seen by Reuters.
An aviation-to-financial services conglomerate that owns Hainan Airlines Co, HNA's recent sales include holdings in companies such as Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc, Park Hotels & Resorts and Spain's NH Hotels.
Wang told employees earlier this year that the company's difficulties were the result of a “major conspiracy” against the ruling Communist Party and President Xi Jinping by foreign and domestic “reactionary forces”, according to an internally-distributed email.
However, the embattled group appeared to have won a reprieve of sorts recently, when at a meeting held by China's central bank, lenders were told to “support” HNA bonds, Bloomberg and the Financial Times reported last month.
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China with a degree in airline management and held an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands.
“HNA Group extends the deepest condolences to Mr. Wang's family and many friends,” HNA's board and management team said in a statement.
“Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him, as well as for the many others whose lives they touched through their work and philanthropy.”
Social media posts about Wang's death appeared to have been censored on China's tightly controlled internet soon after the news was announced by the group. “HNA Wang Jian died” briefly ranked 11th on Twitter-like Weibo's hot topics page, but was quickly gone from the top 50.
“It's really shocking news to us,” said an employee who works in finance at HNA, declining to give their name.
“Everyone in the office is talking about it, but we don't know what impact it will have on the company's direction.”
FILE PHOTO: A HNA Group logo is seen on the building of HNA Plaza in Beijing, China February 9, 2018. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
Big Boy will serve the signature double cheese burger for 81 cents Thursday with the purchase of a Pepsi product. (Photo: Courtesy of Big Boy)
Upcoming food
and drink events
81 cent Big Boys at Big Boy Restaurants: Marking their 81st birthday Thursday, all Michigan Big Boy locations will sell their classic Big Boy double decker hamburger for 81 cents on Thursday with the purchase of any Pepsi product. bigboy.com/locations.
Downtown Street Eats at Campus Martius: Food trucks park at Campus Martius weekdays 11 a.m.-2 p.m. through Oct. 13. 800 Woodward, Detroit. campusmartiuspark.org.
Ann Arbor Restaurant Week: More than 50 restaurants will offer $15 lunch and $28 dinner deals. Some places will have two- or three-course meals for that price, and more casual businesses may have two-for-one pricing. The dining promotion runs through Friday. Visit annarborrestaurantweek.com for a list of participating restaurants.
Terrace Wine Tastings at Rattlesnake Club: Sample six wines paired with five small plates each Thursday June 15 through Aug. 24. The Thursday kickoff features sparkling wines chosen by sommelier Maria Papp. 6 p.m. Thurs. $45 plus tax and tip. 300 River Place, Detroit. (313) 567-4400.
Vodka Varieties at Grosse Pointe War Memorial: Try six different vodkas and talk and learn about the differences. Class includes light fare. 7-9 p.m. Thurs. $45. 32 Lake Shore, Grosse Pointe. warmemorial.org.
Sarap Pop-up at Brooklyn Street Local: Sarap chefs Dorothy Hernandez and Jake Williams team up with traveling chef Yana Gilbuena for a night of Filipino cuisine. 6 p.m. Sun. $55. 1266 Michigan, Detroit. Purchase tickets in advance at sarapdetroit.com.
Grand Opening at Pieology Pizzeria: The fifth location in Michigan, this new pizza spot will celebrate with $5 pizzas all day. 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Monday. 30215 Mound, Warren. pieology.com.
Pepe Z and Sister Pie Pop-up at El Club: Food Sister Pie bakery in West Village and Southwest's Pepe Z Pizza will be served at this patio party with DJs. Donations will be collected for the Detroit Audubon Society. 6-10 p.m. Mon. $20, includes food and admission. 4114 Vernor, Detroit. (313) 436-1791.
Stone Brewing Happy Hour at Ashley's Beer & Grill: Greg Koch, founder and co-owner of Stone Brewing, will be on hand to talk about their beers and offer some special releases, including 2014 Imperial Russian Stout and Cali Belgique, which is aged in white wine barrels. 5:30-7:30 p.m. Tues. No cover. 7525 N. Wayne, Westland. (734) 535-1667.
Yalla Eat! Ramadan Tour in Dearborn: First an informational segment at the Arab American National Museum, then a guided tour through Arab American grocery store Dearborn Fresh, followed by dinner at Sheeba Restaurant. 7-10 p.m. Tues. $50, $40 museum members. 13624 Michigan, Dearborn. (313) 582-2266 or arabamericanmuseum.org.
Distiller Steve Beam from Limestone Branch Distillery: Bourbon expert and distiller Steve Beam will sign bottles of Yellowstone Select Bourbon and Minor Case Straight Rye Whiskey on June 21 at Red Wagon Wine Shoppe, 5-6:30 p.m., 2940 S. Rochester, Rochester Hills. He'll also appear June 21, 7-8:30 p.m. at Kakos Market, 1555 E. 14 Mile, Birmingham.
Social Sushi at Queens Bar Detroit: This is the final Social Sushi pop-up before founders move their operation into a brick and mortar restaurant. 6-11 p.m. June 21. No cover. 35 E. Grand River, Detroit. (313) 285-8019.
Battle of the Booze at Bavarian Inn Restaurant: It'll be wined versus beer at this course-by-course competition featuring products from Charles Smith Wines of Washginton and Odd Side Ales of Michigan. Libations are paired with a variety of cuisine. 6:30 p.m. June 23. $60. 1 Covered Bridge Lane, Frankenmuth. (989) 652-9941.
Traverse Wine & Cider Festival at Village at Grand Traverse Commons: Take a road trip to this art, food, wine and cider tasting event in Traverse City. Tickets include a souvenir wine glass and two tasting tickets. 3-9 p.m. June 24. $35. 830 Cottageview, Traverse City. traversecitywinefestival.com.
Burger Battle at Eastern Market: This competition pits 25 Metro Detroit chefs against each other for bragging rights to “best burger.” Admission includes all-you-can-eat samples, entertainment and games. Noon-5 p.m. June 25. $15. Shed 5, 2801 Russell, Detroit. facebook.com/burgerbattledet.
Patio Wine Series at Rugby Grille: Led by Certified Sommelier Nidal Daher, the June 28 tasting features summer wines from the Mediterranean. On July 19 enjoy aromatic summer wines and on July 26 it is wines that pair well with barbecue. Reservations are required. 6:30 p.m. June 28. $45. 100 Townsend, Birmingham. (248) 642-5999.
Tunnel Bar-B-Q dishes at Beau's Grillery: Ribs and other dishes made famous by Canada's Tunnel Bar-B-Q will be offered for a limited time at Beau's. On June 28 the late owner of Tunnel chef Thom Racovitis will be honored at a launch party to benefit the Heart & Stroke Foundation. Tickets, $50, include a complete barbecue dinner. Starting June 29, a Tunnel Bar-B-Q menu will be offered at Beau's for the next six months. 4108 W. Maple, Bloomfield Hills. (248) 626-2630.
Hummer Party at Bayview Yacht Club: To celebrate 50 years of service for famed Bayview bartender Jerome Adams, the club will host a party that is open to the public. Local bartenders will compete to see who makes the best Hummer cocktail, a drink that Adams invented. There will also be a strolling dinner. 7-10 p.m. July 1. $50-$60. 100 Clairpointe, Detroit. (313) 822-1853.
North American Belgian Beer Festival at Ashley's Westland: The largest beer festival in America that showcases only Belgian beers. 7-11 p.m. July 14, and 2-6 p.m. July 15. $40, $70 both days. 7525 N. Wayne, Westland. NABBF.com.
2017 Summer Beer Festival at Riverside Park: Tickets go on sale Thursday for this 20th annual beer event highlighting Michigan's craft beer industry. 5-9 p.m. July 21 and 1-6 p.m. July 22. mibeer.com/summer-festival.
Melody Baetens
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqxvl9
Springfield police are investigating two suspicious deaths that are being treated as homicides at a Page Boulevard home, a source familiar with the investigation said Thursday morning.
Throughout Wednesday night, multiple police cruisers and a forensic van lined the roadway outside 1333-Page Boulevard, a low-slung house now cordoned off with police tape.
Police officers and crime scene technicians could be seen examining a garage set behind the house. Around 4:20 a.m., a subcontractor for the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner arrived in a minivan. Flashes from the cameras of investigators lit the driveway as police helped moved a body bag out of the garage.
Police first announced the investigation shortly before 10 p.m. on Wednesday, with spokesperson Ryan Walsh saying on Twitter that there was no threat to public safety. The inquiry is being led by the Springfield Police Department's Major Crimes Unit.
MassLive has reached out to the Hampden County District Attorney's Office for additional information. This is a developing story.
'The council thought it was too much money to spend on one building and chose not to do it. 'Seeing what happened this morning, I just couldn't believe it, they risked over 600 people's lives to save money. 'I was absolutely gutted, it really upset me, I knew the building so well and got to know a lot of the families. dailymail 11:13:00 PM CEST
© British Armed Forces News / Facebook
British Type 23 frigate HMS Sutherland "located" and escorted two Russian corvettes, 'Soobrazitelny' and 'Boiky', while the vessels were passing through English Channel during a naval exercise.The two Russian ships were "spotted" by the Royal Navy on Friday, and subsequently escorted while passing through the English Channel in international waters.The corvettes (frigates in NATO classification), accompanied by a fuel tanker and an ocean-going tug, were performing naval exercises, according to Russian Navy officials.While the voyage and its purpose were not kept secret by Russia, the British Ministry of Defence boasted of its "vigilance" in protecting the island nation, "using state-of-the-art radars to track the course and speed of the ships as they pass close to the UK.""HMS Sutherland is carefully marking these Russian ships as they pass close to UK waters. The Royal Navy maintains a vigilant watch and is always ready to keep Britain safe," Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon said in a statement The Royal Navy on several occasions boasted successful "intercepts" of Russian ships and submarines sailing in international waters on an announced route and without any attempts to hide.The biggest stir so far was caused by the last year mission of the aircraft carrier group 'Admiral Kuznetsov', which provoked a nervous reaction among the European states and fueled hysteria in the media.Several NATO ships then escorted the Russian naval group on its route. While some media outlets branded the cruise "the biggest demonstration of Russian military power" in recent years, others mocked the black smoke produced by the 'Admiral Kuznetsov'.The group successfully concluded its mission in the Mediterranean Sea and returned to Russia in January, effectively receiving similar attention on its return journey.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Broadsoft Inc:
* CISCO COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF BROADSOFT
* CISCO - ‍EXPECTS THAT DELISTING OF BROADSOFT‘S COMMON STOCK FROM NASDAQ STOCK MARKET WILL FORMALLY BECOME EFFECTIVE ON FEBRUARY 12, 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
by
There are many fall blooms around the county, such as these along the roadside by Weyerhaeuser in Bruce, showcasing the season more so than the still warm temperatures. The forecast does show some cooling off next week as rain is scheduled to move in over the weekend.
Value of transactions at the Nigerian Stock Market, last week appreciated following sustained strong investors' sentiments.
The All-Share Index, appreciated to a new high last week after also soaring last week. Specifically, the ASI 3.46 per cent to close at 39,257.53, while market capitalisation jumped N457.6 billion to close at N13.672 trillion.
As such, the month-to-date and year-to-date returns increased to 3.46 per cent and 46.08 per cent respectively.
Three of five sector indices appreciated while two depreciated. The Consumers Goods Index led gaining sectoral indices, adding 6.1 per cent.
The NSE Banking Index followed with a gain of 5.3 per cent higher, while the NSE Insurance Index rose by 0.2 per cent. Conversely, the NSE Industrial Goods Index shed 1.4 per cent just as the NSE Oil & Gas Index fell by 0.5 per cent respectively.
According to analysts at Cordros Capital Limited, “notwithstanding likely profit taking, overall, we expect the market to remain upbeat, as market fundamentals remain strong amid improving macroeconomic conditions.”
The total value of stocks traded was N6.36 billion invested in 500.19 million shares in 4,966 deals, down by 70.27 per cent from N21.38bn recorded the previous trading day.
The three most actively traded sectors were Financial Services (368.81 million shares), Conglomerates (91.93 million shares), and Consumer Goods (21.91 million shares), while the three most actively traded stocks were: Custodian and Allied (70 million shares), FBN Holdings (56.86 million shares) and Zenith Bank (55.62 million shares).
Sector performance was mixed with three indices trending northwards and the other two indices closing bearishly. The NSE Consumer Good Index appreciated the most, gaining 0.4 per cent. Similarly, the NSE Insurance Index rose by 0.2 per cent, while the NSE Industrial Goods Index added 0.1 per cent.
Conversely, the losers were the NSE Banking Index and NSE Oil & Gas Index shedding 0.6 per cent and 0.5 per cent respectively.
Samsung Chairman Lee Kun-hee (middle), holds hands with second daughter Lee Boo-jin (left) and their wife Hong Ra-hee (right) at Hotel Shilla in central Seoul in Jan. 2014. (Yonhap)
Expectations rose Wednesday that Lee Boo-jin, the eldest daughter of the Samsung family, could fill a possible power vacuum to be created if the special counsel team's second request to arrest Samsung heir apparent Lee Jae-yong is accepted by the court.As market watchers saw the possibility of Lee Boo-jin's role being reinforced across the No. 1 family-run conglomerate in South Korea, shares of their Hotel Shilla continued rallying for a fourth trading day in a row, from around 42,000 won ($36.80) to 47,000 won.After Park Young-soo's special counsel team reapplied for an arrest request with the court for the eldest son of Samsung Chairman Lee Kun-hee late Tuesday, Hotel Shilla's shares jumped around 3 percent Wednesday.On the other hand, Samsung Electronics, led by Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong, has been sliding for the past week, from around 1.97 million won to 1.88 million won.Investors have paid close attention to testimony by Park Won-oh, a former executive at the Korea Equestrian Federation and a close aide to President Park Geun-hye's confidante Choi Soon-sil. They had reportedly claimed Lee Boo-jin is more supported by their mother Hong Ra-hee, director of the Leeum Samsung Museum of Art, than their older brother in terms of succession, according to news reports.The 47-year-old second daughter is said to resemble their father the most in character and management style among the three children.The special counsel has sought to arrest the heir with what they contend is based on a more comprehensive investigation into suspicions of their bribery connections to President Park and Choi, pushing Samsung into a state of high alert over the possibility of an arrest issuance and physical detention.Samsung released a brief but unyielding statement on the reapplication Tuesday night.“Samsung has never bribed the president wishing for a price or asked for an unfair favor,” the statement said. “(Samsung) will do its best to reveal the truth in court.”Samsung's Future Strategy Office is reportedly preparing measures against newly added accusations in the warrant, including ones that the presidential office exerted power over the Fair Trade Commission to help Samsung comply with the nation's cross-shareholding regulation in 2015 and on the Financial Services Commission to revise regulations on stock listing for Samsung BioLogics last November.The Seoul Central District Court is scheduled to review the arrest request at 10 a.m. on Thursday.The business community has remained tense about the impact of the possible arrest of Samsung heir could have on other conglomerates that are also involved in the ongoing bribery scandal. If Lee is arrested, the fallout could reach SK Chairman Chey Tae-won and Lotte Chairman Shin Dong-bin.However, many are betting on a scenario where the Seoul court rejects the warrant for Lee while issuing one for Samsung Electronics President Park Sang-jin, who headed the Korea Equestrian Federation and allegedly had closer connections with Choi.“Although it is yet unpredictable whether the court would issue an arrest warrant for Lee, it is highly likely that Park would be issued one,” said an industrial source. “Samsung would be expecting this scenario, which is a good defense.”By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com)
May 30 - 4 p.m. update | Lauren Truitt with Colorado Parks and Wildlife tells 9NEWS that wildlife officers and two wildlife veterinarians from Fort Collins are with the elk to assess the situation. 9NEWS ended the live stream while officials evaluate the elk.
This story will continue to be updated.
May 30 - 1:30 p.m. update | Lauren Truitt with Colorado Parks and Wildlife requested the location of our tower cam because they want to go out there to check on the soon-to-be elk mama.
Wildlife officers are headed to Lookout Mountain to meet up with two wildlife veterinarians from Fort Collins. They hope to arrive around 2:30 p.m.
They haven't decided what they'll do or if they'll intervene; they'll make that decision when they arrive, Truitt said.
May 29 - 10 p.m. original report | They don't have a name. They aren't even known by anyone until Tuesday night beginning around 6 p.m. But now? This little pregnant elk all the way up on Lookout Mountain outside of Golden is an internet star.
WATCH LIVE | Pregnant Elk on Lookout Mountain Wednesday Evening
No, really. We've got the numbers - more people on Facebook were watching them live than any other live video in the world! And it wasn't even close.
At its peak, the 9NEWS livestream of this little almost-mama elk laying down had 13,600 people at once on it. In all, 591,000 people at least stopped by to watch them for a few moments.
Nearly a million people were reached by the video (saw it pop up in their feeds).
Wow! What a night for a little cow elk from the Front Range!
Many, many viewers were worried for her, though. They said they looked uncomfortable and like it was taking too long to give birth.
RELATED | Colorado Parks & Wildlife official talks about elk birth
Photos: This is the elk mama who could! The pregnant cow elk atop Lookout Mountain in Golden, Colorado on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. 01 / 18 The pregnant cow elk atop Lookout Mountain in Golden, Colorado on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. 01 / 18
Lauren Truitt with Colorado Parks and Wildlife got back to us to say it was, for sure, a cow elk giving birth.
Apart from that, it did look like the elk was struggling to give birth. Truitt reiterated to 9NEWS their policy of not interfering with wild animals.
If things end up going south for this little nearly-a-mama, Truitt wanted us to let everyone know that's just how nature works.
At last check, this little elk that could still haven't given birth - but we're going to check in on them again at first light. We aren't giving up!
We doubt they will either.
It's important to remember that despite moments like this making animals appear docile and almost tame, that this elk mama is a wild animal. At no point should anyone ever go up to an elk, nor should they try and get an elk to come up to them.
WATCH LIVE | Pregnant Elk on Lookout Mountain Wednesday Evening
The beauty in the livestream was just that: you could see - but not interact - the incredible world outside our homes and offices. But let's not imagine the elk would have liked it very much if almost a million people crowded around them atop the mountain to watch them give birth.
© 2018 KUSA
Oil markets dropped lower on Monday, December 11, as ongoing output cuts led by OPEC were countered by rising U.S. drilling activity that points to a further increase in American production.
Brent crude futures LCOc1, the international benchmark for oil prices, were 15 cents lower at $63.25 a barrel at 0950 GMT.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures CLc1 were at $57.03 a barrel, down 33 cents from their last settlement.
Both Brent and WTI crude oil settled more than 1 percent higher on Friday, and oil prices have gained well over a third in value from their 2017 lows.
“It's time for a breather,” said Warren Patterson, commodities strategist with ING.
The gains are largely due to production cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and a group of non-OPEC producers, including Russia, which have been in place since the start of the year.
But analysts said the effect of these cuts could be undermined by rising output from the United States, which is not participating in the deal to voluntarily withhold production.
The number of rigs drilling for new oil output in the United States rose by two in the week to Dec. 8, to 751, the highest level since September, General Electric Co's Baker Hughes energy services firm said on Friday.
“The largest concern for investors currently remains the rise in the U.S. rig count, which could potentially jeopardize the OPEC and Russian agreement when they meet for a review in June 2018,” said Shane Chanel, equities and derivatives adviser at ASR Wealth Advisers.
A higher rig count points to a further rise in U.S. crude production C-OUT-T-EIA, which is already up by more than 15 percent since mid-2016 to 9.71 million barrels per day (bpd).
That's the highest level since the early 1970s, and close to levels from top producers Russia and Saudi Arabia.
Rising U.S. output threatens to undermine the OPEC-led supply cuts. The group started withholding supplies last January, and announced in late November that they would continue doing so throughout 2018.
But Kuwait's oil minister said on Sunday that OPEC and other oil producers will study before June the possibility of an exit strategy from the oil supply-cut agreement.
Meanwhile, The United Arab Emirates energy minister Suhail said on Monday that OPEC and non-OPEC oil producers plan to announce in Jun
Disney Theatrical Prods. has lined up the principal casting for its Broadway-bound musical adaptation of “Frozen,” with Caissie Levy and Patti Murin on board to play the sisters at the center of the story.
Levy (“Ghost,” “Les Miserables,” “Hair”) plays Elsa, the character who sings the animated film's best-known tune, “Let It Go,” with Murin (“Lysistrata Jones,” “Xanadu”) on board for Anna. In the film, the characters were voiced by Idina Menzel and Kristen Bell, respectively.
Also on the cast list are Jelani Alladin as Kristoff, Greg Hildreth (“Peter and the Starcatcher”) as the snowman Olaf, John Riddle as Hans and Robert Creighton as the duke of Weselton.
Meanwhile, the production has gained a new choreographer, with Rob Ashford (“Evita,” “How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying”) jumping into a post that was initially filled by Peter Darling and then by Christopher Gattelli. The changeover is a symptom of the switch in creative teams precipitated when Alex Timbers, who was originally tapped to direct, exited the production and was replaced by Michael Grandage.
The cast assembled for “Frozen” represents a solid list of names that will be recognized by people in the theater industry, but won't have much recognition among general audiences. With a title like Disney's “Frozen,” already a huge family-audience draw thanks to mega-successful animated feature from 2013, the brand is the star attraction.
“Frozen” premieres in Denver in an out-of-town engagement set for Aug. 17-Oct. 1, prior to a Broadway run that opens in spring 2018 at the St. James Theater.
A migrant, who is part of a group intercepted aboard a dinghy off the coast in the Mediterranean sea, reacts on a rescue boat upon arriving at a port in Malaga, Spain August 7, 2017.
ROME (Reuters) - Two more aid groups have suspended migrant rescues in the Mediterranean, joining Doctors Without Borders, because they felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard.
Save the Children and Germany's Sea Eye said on Sunday their crews could no longer work safely because of the hostile stance of the Libyan authorities. Doctors Without Borders - or Medecins sans Frontieres - cited the same concern when it said on Saturday it would halt Mediterranean operations.
"We leave a deadly gap in the Mediterranean," Sea Eye's founder Michael Busch Heuer warned on Facebook, adding that Libya had issued an "explicit threat" against non-government organisations operating in the area around its coast.
Libyan coastguard boats have repeatedly clashed with NGO vessels on the edge of Libyan waters, sometimes opening fire. The coastguard has defended such actions, saying the shooting was to assert control over rescue operations.
"In general, we do not reject (NGO) presence, but we demand from them more cooperation with the state of Libya ... they should show more respect to the Libyan sovereignty," coastguard spokesperson Ayoub Qassem told Reuters on Sunday.
Tension has also been growing for weeks between aid groups and the Italian government, which has suggested some NGOs are facilitating people smuggling, while Italy is trying to enhance the role of the Libyan coastguard in blocking migrant departures.
This month, Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to provide technical and operational support to its coastguard, despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli.
Immigration is dominating Italy's political agenda before elections early next year, with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants. Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years.
Most sailed from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers. More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing.
Migrants on a wooden boat are rescued by German NGO Jugend Rettet ship "Juventa" crew in the Mediterranean sea off Libya coast, June 18, 2017. Picture taken on June 18, 2017. Stefano Rellandini
Ships manned by charities have played a growing role in rescues, picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year, compared with less than one percent in 2014.
Aid groups and some Italian politicians warn that migrants intercepted by the Libyan coast guard are taken back to inhuman conditions in detention camps on the Libyan mainland.
However, prosecutors in Sicily have opened investigations against some NGOs, which they suspect of collaborating with people smugglers, and Rome has proposed a Code of Conduct setting stricter rules on how the groups can operate.
Members of the Libyan Coast Guard search for migrants off the coast of Tripoli, Libya, August 9, 2017. Hani Amara
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a newspaper interview on Sunday that Libya's growing role in controlling its waters was curbing people trafficking and producing a welcome "readjustment" in the Mediterranean.
MSF's decision to halt its rescue operations was part of this positive process, they told the newspaper La Stampa.
Save the Children said its rescue ship, the Vos Hestia, would dock in Malta until it received assurances about the intentions of the Libyan authorities.
Libya was trying to increase the range of the waters its ships controlled from 12 nautical miles around its coast to 70 nautical miles, the humanitarian organisation said.
"The necessary pause in operations from charity rescue ships likes ours and others will undoubtedly put lives at risk," its operations director, Rob MacGillivray, warned.
Libyan coastguard officials have previously said they have rights over operations dozens of miles beyond the territorial limit of 12 nautical miles, without clearly detailing the claims to such rights or how they could be enforced.
FLY HIGH: The funeral for six-year-old Indie Armstrong will be held today at Gregson and Weight Chapel in Buderim.
FLY HIGH: The funeral for six-year-old Indie Armstrong will be held today at Gregson and Weight Chapel in Buderim. Contributed
THE Sunshine Coast Daily has been part of Indie Armstrong's life since the day they were born until the moment they will be laid to rest.
The Daily today unites with a grief-stricken community to farewell the six-year-old tragically killed when hit by a car in a Nambour shopping centre carpark on June 17.
Them funeral will be held from 10.30am at the Gregson and Weight Chapel in Buderim.
ALWAYS SPECIAL: Emily and Jason Armstrong with their little girl Indie when they were born. Greg Miller
Indie's father Jason Armstrong yesterday said they thought it was "only fitting" that as their little girl's first moments were recorded in the newspaper, so too were them last.
They remembered fondly the Daily's coverage of Indie's birth on April 29, 2012, made newsworthy by the fact it was a rare leap year birth.
At the time, Mr Armstrong said they were "just stoked" that Indie was born "happy and healthy".
Yesterday, on the eve of their funeral, Mr Armstrong said they knew Indie was special since the day they were born and they wouldn't want them remembered in any other way.
Indie Armstrong was one of two babies born on the Leap Year on February 29, 2012. Them story featured in the March 1, 2012, edition of the Sunshine Coast Daily .
"Everyone was drawn to them and they were a soft, caring and friendly little girl," they said. "She had a piercing smile with big brown eyes."
Indie was the little sister of eight-year-old Lily, big sister to Sunny and dearly loved daughter of Jason and Emily.
Mr Armstrong said Indie had shared a wonderful bond with their siblings, recalling how they would help Sunny with their breakfast, "mushing it up".
"She always wanted to make sure everyone around them was okay and they had the biggest heart," they said.
Indie was six when they died in a tragic accident at a supermarket carpark in Nambour. Contributed
"She was my bright little spark. They were so full of love and life."
Mr Armstrong said their family was grateful to everyone who had supported them over the past few weeks.
"I want everyone who has donated and supported us to know how beautiful Indie was and that we are so thankful," they said.
The Daily featured Indie (front) as one of the eap year babies born in the early hours of Wednesday morning at Nambour Selangor Private Hospital on February 29, 2012. Greg Miller
A GoFundMe page was set up for the family the day the tragedy occurred and has since raised more than $78,000.
Mr and Mrs Armstrong are small business owners in Yandina, where the community support has been immense.
Fundraising events have been organised and the support continues for Indie's grandmother, Sandy Brumpton, who was critically injured in the incident and is now recovering at home.
LEEDS UNITED have lined up their first January transfer by finalising a deal to sign Japan international Yosuke Ideguchi from Gamba Osaka.
It's understood that an agreement for Ideguchi was struck last Friday, allowing the midfielder to leave for Elland Road when FIFA's transfer window opens next month.
Ideguchi is set to be loaned abroad immediately due to Football Association rules which will deny them a work permit for the rest of the English season.
Their international appearances for Japan fail to meet the quota set by the FA but Leeds see Ideguchi as a signing for next season and are confident that they will secure a work permit for the 2018-19 term.
Gamba Osaka's J-League campaign finished a fortnight ago and United see a European loan as a way of preventing Ideguchi remaining inactive in the months ahead. The next Japanese campaign kicks off in the spring.
Leeds have been pursuing Ideguchi since the latter stages of the summer transfer window and decided to tie up the transfer after a board meeting last week.
This is a place where I can learn and improve as a player. There are opinions that it is better to wait six months (until after the World Cup) but I want to go there without being influenced by people's opinions. Yosuke Ideguchi
Ideguchi caught the eye during Japan's successful qualification campaign for the 2018 World Cup, scoring in a 2-0 win over Australia which guaranteed the country's involvement in Russia.
They struck again in injury-time during a clash between Japan and North Korea over the weekend and speaking to Japanese media, Ideguchi indicated that they were ready to take up a move to Elland Road.
“I think this is a place where I can learn and improve as a player,” they said. “There are opinions that it is better to wait six months (until after the World Cup) but I want to go there without being influenced by people's opinions.”
The deal between Leeds and Osaka is believed to be worth around £500,000 including bonuses.
United's plan to send Ideguchi out on loan next month mirrors the strategy taken by Arsenal after the Gunners signed striker Takuma Asano from Sanfrecce Hiroshima last year.
Asano also failed to qualify for a work permit and moved on a temporary to Bundesliga club Stuttgart a month after arriving at the Emirates.
FA work permit regulations, which were revised in 2015, require non-EU players from nations ranked inside the world's top 50 to have played up to 75 per cent of senior internationals in the previous two years. Japan are 55th in FIFA's current rankings and Ideguchi falls short of that figure.
The 21-year-old is a defensive central midfielder who has made 60 appearances for Gamba Osaka. They have nine caps to their name after being handed their senior debut for Japan last year.
---
SILVERTIPS 1 HITMEN 0
CALGARY — Dorrin Luding stopped all 29 shots they faced as Everett shut out the Hitmen.
Kevin Davis had the lone goal for the Silvertips (3-3-0) at 3:03 of the third period.
Nick Schneider turned away 32 shots for Calgary (1-3-1).
---
HURRICANES 4 RAIDERS 1
LETHBRIDGE, Alta. — Tanner Nagel had the winner and Stuart Skinner made 35 saves to lift the Hurricanes past Prince Albert.
Calen Addison, Jayden Davis and Giorgio Estephan also scored for Lethbridge (3-2-0).
Sean Montgomery replied for the Raiders (2-3-0), who got 25 saves from Curtis Meger.
---
WARRIORS 5 ICE 2
MOOSE JAW, Sask. — Brett Howden had a short-handed goal in the second period that stood as the winner as the Warriors got past Kootenay.
Oleg Sosunov, Jayden Halbgewachs, Noah Gregor and Justin Almeida rounded out the attack for Moose Jaw (5-0-0).
Barrett Sheen and Colton Kroeker had goals for the Ice (2-3-1).
Brody Willms turned away 22 shots for the Warriors and Kurtis Chapman stopped 31 shots for Kootenay.
---
TIGERS 4 PATS 2
MEDICINE HAT, Alta. — Ryan Chyzowski knocked in the game-winning goal in the third period as the Tigers doubled up Regina.
Tyler Preziuso, Mark Rassell and Zach Fischer supplied the rest of the offence for Medicine Hat (3-2-0). Jordan Hollett made 19 saves.
Wyatt Sloboshan and George King scored for the Pats (2-3-1). Tyler Brown turned away 27 shots.
---
ROCKETS 7 COUGARS 6 (OT)
PRINCE GEORGE, B.C. — Kole Lind tied the game late in the third period and then won it in overtime as Kelowna edged the Cougars.
Erik Gardiner had two goals and an assist for the Rockets (3-1-1). Nolan Foote, Colum McGauley and Dillon Dube also chipped in. Brodan Salmond made 30 saves for the win in net.
Jared Bethune, Dennis Cholowski, Kody McDonald, Vladislav Mikhalchuk, Jackson Leppard and Josh Maser scored for Prince George (2-3-1). Tavin Grant turned away 26 shots.
Kelowna's James Hilsendager was given a match penalty for charging at 15:01 of the second period.
---
ROYALS 4 BLAZERS 1
KAMLOOPS, B.C. — Chaz Reddekopp had the winner and Griffen Outhouse made 32 saves as Victoria beat the Blazers.
Igor Martynov, Tyler Soy and Dante Hannoun also scored for the Royals (6-0-0).
Nick Chyzowski found the back of the net for Kamloops (0-7-0), which got 18 saves from Dylan Ferguson.
---
WINTERHAWKS 6 CHIEFS 1
SPOKANE, Wash. — Bronson Sharp had the winner as Portland scored six straight to crush the Chiefs.
Ty Kolle, Skyler McKenzie, Keoni Texeira, Ryan Hughes and Cody Glass supplied the rest of the offence for the Winterhawks (3-1-0).
Jake McGrew scored for Spokane (4-2-0).
Cole Kehler turned aside 30 shots for Portland. Dawson Weatherill stopped 28 shots for the Chiefs.
---
GIANTS 6 AMERICANS 3
LANGLEY, B.C. — Brayden Watts and Owen Hardy both struck twice as Vancouver downed the Americans.
Ty Ronning and Tyler Ho also chipped in for the Giants (2-2-0).
Isaac Johnson had a pair of goals for Tri-City (2-3-0) with Maxwell James adding the other.
David Tendeck made 26 saves for Vancouver with Beck Warm turning aside 33 shots for the Americans.
By The Canadian Press
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Real Madrid squad has arrived Germany ahead of the first leg of their Champions League semi-final with Bayern Munich.
Cristiano Ronaldo and co will be looking to secure a dominant result on the road, just as they did in their away game at Juventus in the last round.
Real stormed into a 3-0 lead with an emphatic performance in Turin.
But they were made to work for qualification, as the tie was levelled by Juve before Ronaldo's last-gasp penalty sent them through.
Real are bidding for their third straight Champions League title and the squad arrived in Munich on Tuesday dressed in tailored suits.
(Image: Cristiano Ronaldo/Instagram)
The squad and officials travelled together on a specially chartered flight from Spain for the fixture.
Zinedine Zidane will speak to the media at the Allianz Arena later on Tuesday evening, with Real set to train on the playing surface too.
Speaking at the weekend, Zidane revealed how they did not want their side to rely solely on Ronaldo in the Bayern game.
(Image: Karim Benzema/Instagram)
(Image: Toni Kroos/Instagram)
"We can think there will be other players as well as Cristiano who could make the difference in Munich," they said.
“We have to stay focused because it's a Champions League semi-final and we're defending our title.”
Zidane also added that they have got no problems with Gareth Bale, who failed to impress in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Athletic Bilbao.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
“Bale hasn't got any problems," they said. "I've got 25 players and Bale is one of them. He's not started and there are others who play and do a good job,” the Frenchman said.
“I'm not worried [about the lack of scoring]. We've had chances in the last few games without scoring many but we shouldn't think too much about it.
“We have to be optimistic, we can't be looking at and listening to what you're saying, we'll concentrate on the positive elements. It's only been a couple of games. We have to focus on Wednesday's match to turn this around.”
LAHORE, Aug 14 (APP): An impressive flag lowering
ceremony was held at Wagah Border on Monday, which was
witnessed by a large number of people.
The flag lowering ceremony is a routine practice.
People from all walks of life visited the Wagah border
to attend the ceremony and express love and patriotism
with their motherland.
The air echoed with the slogans of “Allahu Akbar”
“Ya Rasool Allah (PBUH)” “Pakistan Zindabad” and “Jevay
Jevay Pakistan”.
Most of the people were dressed in green and white
coloured clothes in accordance with the celebrations of
the 70th Independence Day of Pakistan. They were also
carrying national flags and placards inscribed with
slogans in favour of the country.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Trelleborg Ab:
* Q4 ‍NET SALES FOR Q4 OF 2017 ROSE 4 PERCENT TO SEK 7,708 M (7,434).​
* Q4 ‍ORGANIC SALES INCREASED 7 PERCENT. EXCLUDING PROJECT DELIVERIES, CORRESPONDING INCREASE WAS 9 PERCENT.​
* SAYS ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS PROPOSES A CASH DIVIDEND OF SEK 4.50 PER SHARE​
* Q4 ‍EBIT, EXCLUDING ITEMS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY, ROSE 10 PERCENT TO SEK 928 M (841)​
* SAYS ‍THIS WAS EQUIVALENT TO AN EBIT MARGIN OF 12.0 PERCENT (11.3).​
* Q1 MARKET OUTLOOK: ‍DEMAND IS EXPECTED TO BE ON A PAR WITH Q4 OF 2017, ADJUSTED FOR SEASONAL VARIATIONS.​
* REUTERS POLL: TRELLEBORG Q4 ADJUSTED EBIT WAS SEEN AT SEK 901 MILLION, SALES AT SEK 7,571 MILLION, DIVIDEND AT 4.57 SEK/SHARE
* REUTERS POLL: TRELLEBORG Q4 ADJUSTED EBIT WAS SEEN AT SEK 901 MILLION, SALES AT SEK 7,571 MILLION, DIVIDEND AT 4.57 SEK/SHARE
* SAYS ‍OUR DELIVERIES TO AEROSPACE INDUSTRY REMAINED HEALTHY, ALTHOUGH WE OBSERVED INDICATIONS OF BOTTLENECKS IN SUB-SUPPLIER STAGE IN SECOND HALF OF YEAR​
* SAYS ‍WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE ANY IMPROVEMENT IN NEAR FUTURE FOR PARTS OF OUR OIL & GAS OPERATION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
24th (Rogers Park) district tactical team recovered vehicle wanted in connection with morning armed robberies. Two juvenile persons of interest in custody for questioning. @ChicagoCAPS24 pic.twitter.com/2LwwvfJyO4 — Anthony Guglielmi (@AJGuglielmi) March 19, 2018
Chicago police have found a car and taken two people into custody in connection to a spree of robberies on the North and Northwest sides Saturday into Monday morning, police said.Chicago police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi tweeted Monday afternoon that the 24th (Rogers Park) district tactical team recovered a vehicle wanted in connection with the armed robberies. Two juvenile persons of interest were custody for questioning, Guglielmi said.Police said up to four male suspects driving a black 2005 Nissan sedan with license plate number Q817490 had been approaching people in 11 robberies in two hours in the 17th Police District in the Albany Park neighborhood. Police said the suspects are in their teens or are young adults. Those thefts, police said were among 16 related robberies across the North and Northwest sides between Saturday and Monday morning.Superintendent Eddie Johnson said the suspects were wearing dark-colored hooded sweatshirts. Superintendent Johnson said that police have surveillance video of some of the incidents.Police said the first Albany Park robbery involved a pizza delivery driver at 11:45 p.m. Sunday, and the last involved a limousine driver in the 3400-block of West Montrose Avenue at around 5:30 a.m.Omar Pompa starts selling tamales early in the morning on Montrose and St. Louis avenues and at about 5:30 a.m., they became one of the victims in the armed robbery spree."And they said 'Gimme all the money, I got a gun. Gimme all the money or I'm gonna kill you' and so I said, 'Oh, take it,'" Pompa said.His friend, Jose Campos was robbed too, with a knife to their stomach. Campos said they put their hands in their pocket and took their money.The robbers were on a crime spree, robbing people on the street or in their cars. Officers ran from call to call, hunting for at least four robbers in a black stolen Nissan."One was like maybe 17/19 years old the other two maybe like 16," Pompa said.Shortly after Omar Pompa and Jose Campos were robbed, just feet away in an alley parking lot, a limousine driver was also targeted. They struggled with one of them, and they were unable to get away with their Mercedes.Meanwhile police at the 17th District have a gun used in one of the robberies. It was taken away by a victim who turned it in to officers.
US stocks tumbled Tuesday after the closely watched 10-year Treasury yield climbed above the 3% level for the first time since 2014.
Selling was also pronounced in the tech sector after Google's quarterly earnings report disappointed investors.
Follow the Dow Jones industrial average.
US stocks tumbled Tuesday after the closely watched 10-year Treasury yield climbed above 3% for the first time since 2014. Selling in mega-cap tech stocks also put pressure on major indexes.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid more than 2.18%, or 532 points, while the benchmark S&P 500 dropped as much as 1.45%. The comparatively tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 saw deeper weakness, falling more than 2.3% at its intraday low.
Perhaps the biggest overhang on investor sentiment on Tuesday was the 10-year's breach of 3%, which market experts had pinpointed as a worrisome threshold. The fear is that higher yields will dampen spending as consumers and companies allocate more to repaying debt. The 10-year is a benchmark for mortgage rates.
Stock investors in particular are keenly aware of where the 10-year is trading, as it helps inform the Federal Reserve's monetary-tightening schedule. Any sign the central bank will raise interest rates faster than expected is viewed as negative for equities since hikes will theoretically lessen the appeal of stocks.
Sure enough, the S&P 500 started falling from its daily highs just one minute after the 10-year broke 3%.
At the same time, weakness in many of the large tech stocks that have led the nine-year bull market also weighed on major gauges. At the center of the selling was Google's parent company, Alphabet, whose better-than-expected quarterly sales were overshadowed by rising expenses and a looming regulatory clampdown.
Alphabet declined as much as 5.2%. Other major losers in the tech sector include Micron (-4.5%), Facebook (-3.5%), and Adobe Systems (-2.7%).
Check out Business Insider's recent market coverage:
Elsewhere in global equity markets, the Shanghai Composite climbed 2%, while the Stoxx Europe 600 was little changed. In the bond market, the 10-year US Treasury yield was unchanged at 2.98%, just below the 3% level it breached earlier in the day.
Here's a rundown of other asset classes:
The music legend always kept it low-key, but they received their due
Musician Tom Petty's superpower was that they had no superpower; they were just a guy who was always cool. (Photo: Luis Sinco / TNS)
If you don't run, you rust.
That's what Tom Petty said in “Big Weekend,” a track from their 2006 album “Highway Companion.” And Petty never stopped running, right up until their death on Monday.
They had just wrapped their final tour, a 40th anniversary jaunt with their band, the Heartbreakers, a week prior in their adopted home of Los Angeles. They had hinted that was going to be their last big run of dates, but rockers of Petty's ilk never retire. Their home is the road.
Petty was 66 years old, but in a way they were ageless. They might as well have been in their 60s in the late 1980s when their videos for “Don't Come Around Here No More,” “Runnin' Down a Dream” and “Free Fallin'” were all over MTV. They didn't fit in with the MTV icons of the era — flashy, sexy stars like Michael Jackson, Prince and Madonna — but there they are, running with them side-by-side.
Petty's legacy isn't marked by momentous, culture-shaking moments like many superstar musicians. Michael Jackson and Prince broke down barriers of race and color. Madonna shattered sexual taboos. David Bowie impacted fashion and was restless in their artistic reinvention of himself, refusing to be tethered to any one genre. Bruce Springsteen plays marathon-length live shows and becomes a superhero on stage.
Petty's superpower was they had no superpower, they were just a guy who was always cool because they never tried too hard to be cool. They were the same Tom Petty in the '70s, '80s, '90s, '00s and '10s, and not a whole lot changed stylistically along the way. They never even changed their hair. They never made a dance album, never did a crossover track with a rapper. “American Girl,” from their 1976 debut album, doesn't sound a whole lot different from “Somewhere Under Heaven,” a solo track they released in 2015.
Petty had achieved a sort of ubiquity through FM radio and bar jukeboxes and their 1993 “Greatest Hits” album, the perfect album to include in an “eight CDs for a penny!” bundle through Columbia House or BMG, no doubt a contributor to its 12 million-plus sales. When Jerry Maguire was searching through the radio to find a perfect song to fit their mood after landing a big deal, they settled on “Free Fallin',” a song which it's impossible to not know the words to, and is probably being played on some radio station, somewhere, right now or at any given time. The scene worked because we've all had that moment to “Free Fallin'.” If you haven't sang along in the car to “Free Fallin',” you've probably never been in a car.
Because they were such a staple of the radio and American life, it seemed like Petty was always going to be around. When we lost Bowie and Prince last year, a call went out to protect beloved figures such as Betty White who we knew we were going to eventually lose. But no one was worried about Petty. They aren't going anywhere. They were still running hard.
It seems like we took them for granted, but Petty got their due. Along with the Heartbreakers, they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002, the band's first year of eligibility. And Petty played halftime at the Super Bowl in 2008 when the NFL was in the midst of its post-Janet Jackson classic rock bend. They even visited the Oval Office and hung out with President Obama — wearing blue jeans, laceless sneakers, a button-up shirt and a black vest — in 2010. Always Petty, always cool.
News of Petty's death came while America was still mourning and making sense of Sunday's shooting in Las Vegas, and as the incident was being politicized, it was dividing people, rather than bringing them together. But everyone could agree on Petty. Their music offered comfort and distraction, just as it has for decades, and just as it will continue to going forward.
Petty's death was reported prematurely, and was initially called back before finally being confirmed later that night. It fit. Even at the very end, they aren't ready to rust. Petty still had a little more run left in him.
agraham@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2284
@grahamorama
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wCB8mY
LAGRANGE COUNTY, Ind. (WOWO) – A Wisconsin man was arrested following a traffic stop in LaGrange County Wednesday.
Around 10 p.m., an Indiana State Trooper stopped a westbound vehicle on the Indiana Toll Road near mile marker 117, west of the Howe/LaGrange exit.
As the officer spoke with the driver of the vehicle through the passenger side window, they smelled marijuana and could see pieces of marijuana on the front passenger's clothing.
The officer conducted a search of the vehicle and found approximately 75 grams of suspected marijuana in glass jars, and approximately 18 grams of suspected heroin.
The front seat passenger, Cory McCauley, 31 of Bristol, WI, was arrested on preliminary charges of Possession of a Narcotic Drug (Level 4 Felony), Possession of Marijuana (Class B Misdemeanor), and Possession of Paraphernalia (Class C Misdemeanor).
McCauley is booked in the LaGrange County Jail.
Newsroom To 'Chicago Tribune': With 85 Percent Backing, We Have Votes For Union
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. They sold their controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has in turn led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times's new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (he took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over their conversations with Disney over coverage and with their accusations that their journalists have been disloyal. They were shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, the Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Hartford Courant, and other big metro dailies.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, Metro Editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 they were leaving the company and tweeted: "... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper (Wyoming) Star-Tribune, and the Missoula, Mont., Independent.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily, or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune, its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy, the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It often feels like there's little to look forward to in these long winter months. Christmas is long gone, your wallet is empty after an indulgent December and it's still unbearably dark at 4.30pm - but then along comes the Six Nations every February to lift you out of your funk.
The competition provides a much-needed sporting boost every year, especially if England win the tournament like they did last year.
While you might not have been fortunate enough to get tickets to one of this year's matches, fortunately there are plenty of Bristol pubs where you can watch all the action live when it kicks off with Wales v Scotland at 2.15pm on Saturday, February 3rd.
You can view the full list of Six Nations fixtures here - but these are all the boozers in Bristol showing the games live.
Bristol city centre
King St Brew House
Molloy's
Millennium Square (big screen)
The Velindra
Prince Street Social
Old Fish Market
White Hart
Walkabout
Greenhouse
White Harte
Racks Bar and Kitchen
The Ship BS1
The Crown
Allstars
Clifton
Clifton Wine Bar
The Lansdown
The King's Arms
The Penny
The Jersey Lily
Gloucester Road
The Cider Press
The Anchor
Blue Lagoon
Bishops Tavern
Cat and Wheel
Hotwells
(Image: Rose of Denmark/Facebook)
The Bear
The Merchants Arm
Rose of Denmark
Bedminster
The Assembly
Westbury on Trym
The Victoria
The Mouse
The Black Swan
Fishponds
Old Post Office
Shirehampton
The Lifeboat Inn
Texas Governor Lays Out School Safety Plan, After 10 Died In Santa Fe Shooting
Citing a need to make "our schools and our state a safer place," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott unveiled a slate of policy and legislative changes on Wednesday that range from boosting security at schools to doing more to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
Abbottt spoke about "school hardening strategies" such as reducing entries and exits at schools – and "active shooter alarm systems" that can be easily distinguished from a fire alarm. That approach, they said, would help students and staff respond appropriately – and avoid sending students into hallways where they might be targeted by an active shooter.
In one move that would require a change in Texas' laws, Abbott said courts should be required to report a mental health adjudication more quickly when it would bar someone from possessing a gun. The law should tighten that deadline to 48 hours rather than the current 30 days, Abbott said.
Other plans call for adding more school marshals — teachers who are licensed to carry firearms and go through training — as well as increasing the number of marshals per campus.
Noting that social media often contains clues of shooters' intentions before they act, Abbott said they want to expand a program that has been tested in West Texas, which "uses mental health screenings to identify students at risk of committing violence," Abbott said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Anthony Smith/Getty Images Drew Anthony Smith/Getty Images
Called the Telemedicine Wellness, Intervention, Triage, and Referral (or TWITR) Project, the approach has been led by Texas Tech University.
Another initiative seeks to enhance the presence of local police at schools, something Abbott said could be accomplished by adding schools to their regular patrols and "allowing officers to use campus facilities for routine breaks, or for them to have a room located at that school, where than can fill out their reports."
Abbott said the new ideas are part of the Governor's School and Firearm Safety Plan – a list of 40 recommendations for making communities safer. They detailed their new school-safety plan in an event held at the Dallas Independent School District's administration building Wednesday morning.
When asked if any elements of their proposal would be mandatory, Abbott said, "A lot of these are things the state will be doing," citing work on social media assessment programs. They added that "there is no resistance" from schools over adding safety measures.
As for paying for the changes, they said their plan includes more than $100 million in grants, matching funds, and other money.
Abbottt spoke one day after they visited Santa Fe High School on its first day of classes since the May 18 shooting that killed 10 people.
"We want action to prevent another shooting" like Santa Fe, Abbott said.
To improve the ability to alert schools and officials to potential risks, Abbott said the state will expand crime stopper programs and make it easier for students to report possible threats — something they said could be helped by a new app called iWatchTX, which the governor said will be activated next month.
Leading up to today's announcement, Abbott hosted three days of roundtable talks in Austin, meeting with survivors, friends and loved ones from recent shootings. They said they had met with more than 100 victims and their relatives, and that they had been "proud and inspired" by the students at Santa Fe.
A key demand they heard at the meetings, Abbott said, was "for greater law enforcement presence at schools."
Since Abbott was sworn in as governor in 2015, Texas has suffered two horrible shootings — this month at Santa Fe High and, last November, at the Sutherland Springs Baptist Church, where 26 people were killed in the small town east of San Antonio.
And in 2016, a gunman shot and killed five police officers during a protest against police shootings of black men.
When they visited Santa Fe High after the shooting, Abbott said,"It's impossible to describe the magnitude of the evil of someone who would attack innocent children in a school, a place of learning where parents should be able to send their children without fear for their child's safety."
As leaders often do after such an event, the governor asked for "prayers and support" for loved ones affected by the shooting. They also said, "We need to do more than just pray for the victims and their families. It's in Texas that we take action, to step up and make sure this tragedy is never repeated."
NBCUniversal, Fox Networks Group and ABC are making progress in the early stages of the annual haggling over upfront advertising sales, according to people familiar with the discussions.
The companies have all begun to sell ad inventory during the period in which U.S. TV networks seek to obtain commitments for the bulk of their commercial inventory for the upcoming season. Executives on both sides of the table caution that talks remain in their nascent stages and that buyers and TV networks continue to wrangle over pricing terms.
The major networks made initial requests for rate increases that buyers say they hope to resist. CBS and NBCUniversal initially sought increases in the cost of reaching 1,000 viewers – a metric known as a CPM that is central to these annual talks between TV networks and Madison Avenue – in the low double-digit percentage range for primetime inventory, according to people familiar with the talks. Fox and ABC have been seeking CPM hikes in the high-single-digit percentage range for primetime, sources said.
CBS and some cable companies have also begun to sell advance advertising commitments for their schedules. CBS has been asking for mid-to-high single-digit percentage increases, with cable networks working to tuck underneath what executives perceive broadcast networks are getting.
The nation's five English-language broadcast networks last year secured between $8.41 billion and $9.25 billion in advance commitments for primetime in the upfront, according to Variety estimates – the first time in three years they managed to break the $9 billion mark. The figures, of course, represent indications of advertisers' intent to spend, not cold, hard cash. The final numbers typically show up in some form in year-end earnings reports.
Among negotiators, it's generally understood that everything is flexible until significant deals are struck. The networks sought to force big rate increases that were quickly rejected by buyers. “Everyone came out high” with rate increases, said one top media buyer. “There's not a buyer who will stand for that.”
The industry remains focused on NBCUniversal. As the company that has so many of TV's top-rated properties – “Sunday Night Football” and “This Is Us,” for example – NBC has a lot of the audience advertisers covet most. NBCU is also selling ads for the Super Bowl, the Winter Olympics and Telemundo's broadcasts of the World Cup.
As such, the rates NBCU accepts could influence what sorts of CPM hikes rivals are able to negotiate. “There is no clarity on NBCU, and the ceiling they may be setting,” said another buying executive. Once that matter is resolved, buyers suggested, the market could move more significantly.
“Everyone wants to pay less than a year ago, but the question is how much less,” this buyer said.
Fox Networks is seeing early interest in its FX cable network, according to one person familiar with talks and in a suite of new ad products the company unveiled at its May presentation. At that time, Joe Marchese, president of ad revenue for the 21st Century Fox-owned unit, called attention to Open A.P., a joint ad sales venture with Viacom and Turner that helps advertisers cut deals based on targeted audience segments sold across the three conglomerates, as well as promoting new commercial formats for programs offered via VOD.
by Christine Stuart | Oct 6, 2017 4:03pm Google
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: State Budget
Christine Stuart / ctnewsjunkie Legislative leaders work on the budget in the Democratic caucus room at the state Capitol
Instead of addressing a row of cameras and reporters as they exited from five hours of talks, legislative leaders released a joint statement.
“Today was a positive meeting with very serious negotiations and productive discussion,” said the statement from Senate President Martin Looney, House Speaker Joe Aresimowicz, Senate Republican President Len Fasano, and House Republican Leader Themis Klarides. “We are making progress and plan to continue efforts to work together. Staff work and discussions will continue over the weekend.”
Connecticut is the only state that has yet to pass a budget for fiscal year 2018. Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy has been operating the state under an executive order since July 1.
On Thursday, Malloy said the two sides were “hundreds of millions of dollars” apart.
That's because the Republican budget that passed with the help of eight Democratic legislators and which Malloy vetoed was different in many ways from the Democratic budget.
It cut funding for higher education more deeply and it used savings from changes to an agreement with labor in 2027 to help balance fiscal years 2018 and 2019.
Malloy has told legislative leaders that they need to reach an agreement by Oct. 13, if they want a budget in place before Nov. 1.
They also warned that negotiations with companies looking to expand in Connecticut or to relocate here are on hold because the state doesn't have a budget.
Kelly Donnelly, a spokesperson for Malloy, said they view Friday's discussions as an “encouraging sign.”
“Time is of the essence and a compromise must be reached in the very near future,” Donnelly said. “Should a balanced agreement not be reached, surely, it is the people of our state who will suffer the most. And to be clear, adopting a status quo budget — one that falls short of delivering real structural reform or one that is riddled with gimmicks and wishful thinking — would be as equally damaging.”
Legislative staff is expected to work through the holiday weekend on reaching a bipartisan budget deal.
Lafarge Group – Created in 1833, Lafarge group, headquartered in France, is the world leader in building materials, with top-ranking positions in three of its activities: No 1 worldwide in Cement, No 2 worldwide in Aggregates & Concrete, and No 3 worldwide in Gypsum.
Located in 62 countries with 64,000 employees, Lafarge is a world leader in building materials, with top-ranking positions in its Cement, Aggregates & Concrete businesses. In 2013, Lafarge posted sales of 15.1 billion euros.
We are recruiting to fill the below position:
Job Title: Surveyor
Ref No: 171026-11
Location: Ewekoro 1, Ogun
Job Type: Permanent
Job Grade: Band G
Job Description
The objective is to perform oversight function in handling all survey related issues on the Plant's site and to ensure that all tasks are performed according to Lafarge WAPCO's safety practices and procedures
Duties & Responsibilities
The get a monthly overburden and limestone volumetric survey.
Collation of monthly Survey and stocks measurement (limestone, clinker and other raw materials/ additives).
To update quarry and the plant topographical map and execute other topographical survey activities.
Supervise daily flood mitigation activities in the quarry.
Execute road construction and design in accordance with Lafarge mobile equipment advisory.
Establish and extend survey control points within the quarry for contractor's daily activities.
Prepare working drawings and sketches in AutoCAD format for quarry daily operations (Limestone and Overburden advance survey).
Locate precisely different features, points, levels in the quarry, and update the data in the Quarry topographical map for mining operation purpose.
Establish the quarry survey features and set out control points from the base (quarry control point) to any area within the quarry/plant survey for new projects.
Monitor the survey aspect of the quarry projects – mining and rehabilitation project flood mitigation, tree planting e.t.c.
Supervise and check the quality of survey jobs from consultants.
Any duties as assigned by the Quarry Manager.
Essential & Desirable Skills
OND Chemical Engineering/Industrial Chemistry.
5 years' experience as a surveyor.
Ability to use modern survey equipment – GPS, Total Station, Digital Level and other automated systems.
Good Knowledge of Survey and JIS related software, AutoCAD Suites, Surfer for Windows, Garmin MapSource), MineCard.
In-depth knowledge of quality control methods and instruments
Good knowledge of process control statistical methods and of experimental design
Good knowledge of control tools and instruments (operation logics, regulation methods and systems)
Good knowledge of current regulations and of specific environmental constraints
Good knowledge of project management methods
Good knowledge of safety laws and regulations
Computer literate (Word, excel, MS project, lotus note).
Good knowledge of quality management systems (ISO 9001-2008)
Good planning skills.
Good interpersonal relationship
Result oriented
Attention to accuracy / Precision
Curiosity / Seeking information
Decision-making capacity / Self-confidence
Team leadership skill
Good aptitude for organization and communication
Result oriented with high decision making capacity/ self confidence
High level of initiative
Anticipative
Application Closing Date
13th December, 2017.
Method of Application
Interested and qualified candidates should APPLY
The Indian Republic Day, which is observed on January 26th every year, was observed as the Black Day in Occupied Kashmir. Kashmiris, on both sides of Line of Control (LoC) and around the world observed the 69th Indian Republic Day as a Black Day in protest against the continued viciousness of Indian armed forces and India's denial to their right to self-determination. The day was marked with a complete strike in Occupied Kashmir with anti-India demonstrations and rallies in the world capitals. Moreover, protest rallies and demonstrations were also held in Azad Kashmir to highlight the brutalities of Indian forces.
The leader of All Party Hurriyat Conference Syed Ali Shah Gillani said that India has no right to celebrate Republic Day as it has occupied Jammu & Kashmir with its military might. APHC said that the day should be observed as a Black Day and all celebrations should be boycotted. At this critical juncture, we are all duty-bound to highlight worldwide the true face of India which claims to be the biggest democracy in the world.
EMAN ZIA RANA
Lahore
Related
A Tyson Foods employee is among those who were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, during a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.
Matt Mika, director-government relations for Tyson's Washington, D.C., office, has worked for the Springdale, Arkansas-based company for more than six years.
“He was taken to a local hospital and is currently listed in critical condition following surgery,” Tyson said in an emailed statement to The Shelby Report at 4 p.m. Wednesday. “…We're deeply concerned about them and their family.
“Matt was taking part in a baseball practice ahead of Thursday's Congressional Baseball Game for Charity. Although they aren't scheduled to play in the game, Matt is a former college baseball and football player and was helping coach the practice, as they have done in the past. Baseball is one of their great passions and they have always loved the Congressional team.
“We appreciate the outpouring of support for Matt and please ask that you keep him, their family and everyone affected by this senseless act of violence in your thoughts and prayers.”
According to published reports citing both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a “deliberate attack.”
The alleged shooter, identified as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, was killed.
Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-Louisiana) and several others also were shot in the attack. Mika was the most seriously injured, according to published reports. Read more here.
Back in April 2017, Mysterious Universe reported on the discovery of a “lost city” near Arkansas City, Kansas. The ruins of the once thriving, fortified city of Etzanoa were discovered by Donald Blakeslee, an anthropologist at Wichita State University. Prior to finding any proof of the settlement, the academic community was largely in agreement that the city was a myth, an invention of the Spanish conquistadors who went looking for a city made of gold and concocted wild stories about a native town that stretched for miles. After discovering proof of Etzanoa, however, the “lost city” is now considered one of the largest native settlements in North America alongside the lost city of Cahokia, and it might prove to be the absolute largest. Donald Blakeslee believes that excavation of the site will continue for decades and will rewrite the history of early native settlers of the great plains. Since the initial discovery, development of the area as a historic tourist attraction and landmark has moved quickly: guided tours of parts of the ruins are now open to the public and plans are being drawn for site development, museum exhibitions, and more archaeological expeditions.
The city of Etzanoa was highly developed and big—at least five miles across. Blakeslee says that the approximately 20,000 inhabitants of Etzanoa possessed the infrastructure for processing “industrial quantities” of bison, likely spoke multiple languages, and traded at great distances. This, they say, shatters the “Hollywood image” of native people in the great plains. The ancestors of the Wichita who lived in this city—and, Blakeslee thinks, many other cities like it in the region—were an urban, industrious people, a far cry from the popular conception of the early indigenous peoples of North America
Blakeslee says that there is still much more to find, and the next dig is scheduled for June:
The archaeological community knows about this, and we have been getting help on equipment. This year, in June, we will be ground-truthing. Finding out what is there. You don't know until you dig holes.
According to Blakeslee, there are a lot more holes to dig too. They say that while this project is starting in Arkansas City, there are a number of equally impressive lost cities to be found in the area:
There was one south of Winfield, another near Augusta, several in Rice County, McPherson County and Marion
The town of Arkansas City, Kansas was built nearly on top of the remains of Etzanoa. That's one of the challenges facing the Etzanoa Conservancy Board as it strives to make the site a recognized landmark in the public mind. Hap McLeod, president of the Etzanoa Conservancy Board, says that a feasibility study is being conducted this summer and from there the board hopes to develop a five-year-plan of development that may include purchasing more land and developing a river walk and kayaking route so visitors can the stone artwork of the Etzanoans.
For now, the guided tours being offered are limited in their scheduling and access, but that will soon change. Currently tours run on Saturdays, at the price of $10 per person and visit four of the major locations around town. In June the , Cherokee Strip Land Rush Museum will be opening an exhibit on Etzanoa and putting together a traveling exhibit that other museums and schools can request.
The site is quickly gaining national and international attention. McLeod says that the discovery has changed Arkansas City:
People are more aware of it. We have more tourism, but we are working to make this a national and world historic site.
Here's hoping the board can strike the delicate balance between important archaeological site and tourist attraction.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Red Wings defenseman Danny DeKeyser talks about what new teammate, Trevor Daley, brings to the team. Ted Kulfan, The Detroit News
Danny DeKeyser (Photo: David Guralnick / Detroit News)
Detroit — Everyone around the Red Wings organization has been excited about the addition of defenseman Trevor Daley.
Add Danny DeKeyser to the long list.
DeKeyser, who'll likely be paired with Daley, said adding Daley makes the Red Wings a stronger hockey team.
“It's great,” DeKeyser said of Daley's addition through free agency. “I've watched them play for a few years now and obviously he's a veteran, been the league for a long time. He's an unbelievable skater.”
It's Daley's skating and mobility, their ability to skate the puck out of trouble and starting an offensive attack, is something that attracted the Red Wings, who haven't a defenseman in recent seasons who can do that.
“He moves the puck well, gets up into the play and creates a lot of offense in that aspect of the game,” DeKeyser said at the Red Wings' youth camp earlier this month. “He should help us a lot. The way they skate, they skate a lot better than other defensemen in this league. They can still wheel out there.”
DeKeyser, 27, mirrored much of the Red Wings roster last season in having disappointing, sub-par seasons.
While playing all 82 games last season, DeKeyser had four goals and eight assists (12 points), with a ghastly minus-22 plus-minus rating.
Always sound positionally, with good defensive instincts, DeKeyser wasn't as good in that area last season and costly turnovers became a problem.
Playing with a sound veteran such as Daley, the Red Wings hope, can get DeKeyser back on the positive arc they were before last season.
For their part, DeKeyser feels if the Red Wings can be better defensively and the power play, they'll be closer to returning to the playoffs.
“Those are two big things,” DeKeyser said. “Obviously power play needs to be better this year. It was good towards the end of the year and if we had that throughout the first three, four months of the season, we would have been right in maybe for a playoff position.
“Then, (if) we can get a little better in our D (defensive) zone, too. That should add some goals for us power play-wise and then cleaning up the D zone a bit, that should subtract some goals against.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Red Wings defenseman Danny DeKeyser discusses the team's addition of defenseman Luke Witkowski. Ted Kulfan, The Detroit News
DeKeyser feels the team filled a need from a physical standpoint by adding DeKeyser's former teammate — and roommate — at Western Michigan, defenseman/forward Luke Witkowski (Holland).
Many analysts have felt the Red Wings needed a physical presence for some time, and Witkowski can adequately fill that role.
“He's a good buddy of mine, they stood up in my wedding,” said DeKeyser, showing the close relationship of the two former Broncos. “He's a big boy. They don't shy away away from any of the rough stuff, that's for sure. He's always protecting their teammates.
“That's definitely an aspect that we could use here for sure and it'll help us.”
DeKeyser took some time off after the completion of the regular season, and then competing for Team USA at the world championships in May with coach Jeff Blashill, and teammates Jimmy Howard and Dylan Larkin.
Team USA was outstanding in the preliminary round (6-1-0), but ran into a hot Finland team, losing in the quarterfinals, 2-0.
“It was a good run, it ended a little earlier than we would have liked,” DeKeyser said. “We got hot in the early round and not so much in the medal round. That was unfortunate but we had a good team, a lot of really good players, and it was fun to be part of.”
Lately DeKeyser has been increasing their skating and workload, getting ready for the start of conditioning skates and the start of training camp in mid-September.
DeKeyser has taken part instructing in hockey camps — they helped out at Larkin's earlier this month along with the JLA youth camp.
“It's fun, (the) last couple of weeks have been good,” It's been a good couple weeks and it's fun to work with the kids.
“I've been working out in the mornings and starting to pick up my skating a little bit, with more days on the ice the last couple of weeks and been ramping up for the next couple of weeks.”
DeKeyser was pleased to see JLA one more time, having taken part in the youth camp.
“I didn't know if I was going to get back here or not,” DeKeyser said. “It's kind of weird. I'm excited to see the news place (Little Caesars Arena). I haven't been in there for a while. I haven't been in there for a while, but I hear it's coming along so that'll be nice.”
ted.kulfan@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tkulfan
March 29 Scout24 AG:
* Announces record 2016 results and robust outlook for 2017
* Surge in profitability with ordinary operating EBITDA up 18.4 percent to 224.5 million euros ($242.59 million) in 2016 yielding a margin of 50.8 percent
* FY revenues up 12.3 percent to 442.1 million euros
* Will propose a dividend of 0.30 euros per share for year 2016 to annual general meeting on 8 june 2017
* Confident that group's growth momentum will continue also in 2017
* 2017 organic group revenues are expected to record a growth rate in high single-digit area, while cost base should grow at a disproportionally lower rate
* Expects 2017 ordinary operating EBITDA margin to increase by around one percentage point
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9254 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Delaware farmers planting underwear to test soil health
WILMINGTON, Del. (AP) — Some Delaware farmers are planting brand-new underwear in their fields to test soil health.
The News Journal of Wilmington reported Tuesday that the "Soil Your Undies" challenge proposed by the Sussex Conservation District demonstrates what healthy soil does to organic material. The undies are meant to stay underground for the next month, allowing microbial organisms to break down the organic material.
Healthy soil should lead to largely decomposed underwear. If the underwear is intact when uncovered next month, then that means the soil isn't healthy enough to support bacteria or other organisms. The newspaper reports this isn't the first time farmers have planted the crop to test soil health.
___
Information from: The News Journal of Wilmington, Del., http://www.delawareonline.com
Two drivers were caught under the influence in Byron Bay this weekend.
Two drivers were caught under the influence in Byron Bay this weekend. Marc Stapelberg
TWO males will front court after being caught driving mid-range over the weekend after drinking a combined 13 beers.
About 10:10pm on on Friday February 2 a 30-year-old male was travelling north on Jonson Street Byron Bay in a white Toyota Hilux tray-back ute.
The vehicle was travelling at a low speed but ran up the rear of a Mercedes can after failing to brake.
Police witnessed the crash and saw the accused had turned left into Byron Street, and turned into car parking at the rear of the Commonwealth Bank.
The accused attempted to flee the scene without providing their details to driver of the Mercedes but was found in the Railway Park carpark.
The driver apologised to police but was arrested after returning a positive result on a breath test.
A further breath analysis found 0.144 grams of alcohol, or mid-range.
They then admitted having drank 10 Coopers Pale Ale beers at a friend's place in Suffolk Park before they drove to Byron Bay, which police said was evidenced by their unsteady walking, glazed eyes and the smell of liquor.
The male was suspended from driving and will appear in Byron Bay Local Court later this month.
In a separate incident before 3am this morning police arrested a 28-year-old male driver after they produced a mid-range drink driving reading of 0.121.
Police pulled the Subaru station wagon over outside the Byron Bay Police Station in Shirley Street after following them from Lawson Street.
The driver, who was on an overseas license, admitted to having consumed three schooners of beer at The Sticky Wicket Bar between 8.30pm to 12.30am.
Due to the mid-range reading the accused was issued with a Notice of Suspension regarding their licence.
They will appear before Byron Bay Local Court on a date yet to be set.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator said on Friday it had ordered all cyrptocurrency exchanges to submit a report on their system risk management, following the hacking of over half a billion dollars of digital money from Coincheck.
The regulator, the Financial Services Agency, said the order was given to 31 exchanges excluding Coincheck, which had already been ordered to do so.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Riyad Mahrez is set to go AWOL from Leicester again on Friday.
The club do not know where they are, causing concern with officials who are required to inform FA drug testers of the player's location.
It will be the fourth day running that Mahrez has been a no-show, and a teammate described the situation at the training ground as “madness”.
The Algerian faces a fine of two weeks' wages - about £200,000 - and is said by a friend to be “depressed” after failing to secure their dream move to Manchester City on transfer deadline day.
The forward missed training ahead of Wednesday's Premier League game against Everton game when they did not tell stunned officials of their movements.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It left Foxes staff , players and coach Claude Puel in the dark and affected plans for the game at Goodison, which they lost 2-1 without Mahrez.
Although their teammates are frustrated by Mahrez's behaviour this week there is sympathy that they have their head turned by City, who tabled multiple unsuccessful bids in an effort to land the former player of the year.
The players are understood to be ready to welcome Mahrez back into the fold.
Mahrez's disappearing act did not force Leicester's wealthy Thai owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha into bowing to Manchester City.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Their final offer for in-form Mahrez was believed to be worth around £65m, but Leicester were insisting Mahrez was worth at least £80m .
Leicester believe their valuation of the Ballon d'Or nominee, who has a Premier League winners' medal and two-and-a-half years left on their contract, was fair after Liverpool this month paid £75m for Virgil van Dijk and Barcelona £145m for Philippe Coutinho.
It is the second successive window Mahrez has pushed unsuccessfully for a move after leaving Algeria's national team camp in the summer on deadline day.
CASE special edition 175th-anniversary skid steers and compact track loaders are rolling off the line in Wichita, Kansas. John Dotto takes you behind the scenes of the manufacturing process to show some of the first special-edition skid steers to roll off the line.
After months of hype and promotion, Legendary and Universal Picture's Pacific Rim: Uprising will hit theaters this Friday. Do you plan on seeing it this weekend?
This Friday, don't miss the biggest battle of the year. Buy tickets to see #PacificRimUprising now: https://t.co/Y2aQUS4LTs. pic.twitter.com/W6i3OgA1G6 — Legendary (@Legendary) March 19, 2018
Star Wars' John Boyega stars as the rebellious Jake Pentecost, a once-promising Jaeger pilot whose legendary father gave their lives to secure humanity's victory against the monstrous “Kaiju.” Jake has since abandoned their training only to become caught up in a criminal underworld. But when an even more unstoppable threat is unleashed to tear through our cities and bring the world to its knees, they are given one last chance to live up to their father's legacy by their estranged sister, Mako Mori (Rinko Kikuchi)—who is leading a brave new generation of pilots that have grown up in the shadow of war. As they seek justice for the fallen, their only hope is to unite together in a global uprising against the forces of extinction.
Jake is joined by gifted rival pilot Lambert (The Fate of the Furious' Scott Eastwood) and 15-year-old Jaeger hacker Amara (newcomer Cailee Spaeny), as the heroes of the PPDC become the only family they have left. Rising up to become the most powerful defense force to ever walk the earth, they will set course for a spectacular all-new adventure on a towering scale.
Pacific Rim Uprising is directed by Steven S. DeKnight (Netflix's Daredevil, STARZ's Spartacus) and also stars Jing Tian, Burn Gorman, Adria Arjona and Charlie Day.
On March 23, Pacific Rim Uprising hits theaters and picks up 10 years after the events of the first film. While Charlie Hunnam's Raleigh Becket is absent, Rinko Kikuchi's Mako Mori returns to pass the torch to a new generation of jaeger pilots, led by John Boyega's Jake Pentecost, the son of Idris' Elba's Stacker Pentecost.This time around, the giant mechs will be fighting one another in addition to the giant kaiju's that somehow remain on Earth. Are these giant monsters still being sent through the breach or are they the last vestiges of the biological warfare waged in the first film? These questions and more will be answered this Friday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ningbo Tuopu Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS UNIT SIGNS LETTER OF INTENT TO INVEST 250 MILLION YUAN ($39.80 million) IN AUTO PARTS PROJECT Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E9yhce Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2810 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Where the leaders of Ontario's main political parties are campaigning on Thursday, May 31:
———
Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne
10:10 a.m. — Makes an announcement, Mouvement d'implication francophone d'Orleans, 6600 Carriere St., Orleans, Ont.
Worcester Restaurant Week is back, giving people a chance to dine out and try something new without breaking the bank.
The winter edition of the biannual event is from Monday, Feb. 26 to Saturday, March 10.
At least 40 restaurants are participating, dropping prices and creating a special three-course menu for just $25.18.
Some new editions to this round of restaurant week are Nonna's Pizza & Pasta and The Railers Sports Tavern.
Check out the list of restaurants participating, ranging from Italian to Mexican to tapas.
You can find more details here. And don't worry, if you miss restaurant week this time, it will be back again this summer.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Old Point Financial Corp:
* OLD POINT RELEASES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* Q4 LOSS PER SHARE $0.58
* Q4 NON-GAAP OPERATING EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.16
* FOR Q4 OF 2017, NET INTEREST INCOME WAS $7.7 MILLION, A DECREASE OF 0.85% FROM Q3 OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Banks could plug their security vulnerabilities by simply improving password protections, the deputy CEO of the Prudential Regulation Authority has told the House of Lords.
Asked by the Joint Committee for the National Security Strategy what kept them awake at night, Lyndon Nelson named shared infrastructure and software systems as their number-one concern. They said if those systems were attacked, it could affect numerous companies.
"In reality, however, and our testing [has shown this]: basic systems and controls are to a large extent the source of many of the vulnerabilities. So if firms were to improve their password controls... we would see a large proportion of these vulnerabilities reduced quite significantly."
Nelson identified large banks, payments systems and the Bank of England as coming under the definition of critical national infrastructure.
They said during the "Cybersecurity: Critical National Infrastructure" session: "They are very much subject to higher levels of scrutiny, they are the ones where we have carried out the first phase of penetration testing."
Under a government crackdown, national critical infrastructure companies could be liable for a £17m fine if they are found to have inadequately protected themselves from cyberattacks.
In addition, last week the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation warned that Russian state-sponsored cyber actors are targeting network infrastructure.
The joint Technical Alert (put out by the US's Dept of Homeland Security, the FBI and UK's NCSC) described a global assault on routers, switches, firewalls, and network intrusion detection hardware.
Steve Ungar, chief technology officer at regulator Ofcom, told peers the two main areas of risk facing telecoms suppliers emanated from China and Russia.
"The first is about the supply chain risk, the concern that UK networks may contain components that are supplied by companies that may not be trusted. That concern is a long-standing concern particularly in relation to China.
"Historically, the main concern is in relation to Huawei, more recently it's been around ZTE as a potentially untrusted supplier.
"The other set of concerns ... is the risk that some unfriendly state might use existing known vulnerabilities in networks to attack our infrastructure with the aim of taking out elements of critical national infrastructure, particularly in relation to Russia."
They said Huawei was regarded as a potential risk by the NCSC because of the possibility of Chinese government control. Although they added that in Huawei's case mitigations have been put in place such as the cybersecurity evaluation centre.
For ZTE the ownership is more direct by the Chinese government, they said. "But it's also about [the] supply chain ... the fact the US government is not allowing ZTE to use US components. And that creates a concern of how [ZTE] systems can be maintained." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
The South African National Credit Regulator data reveals an increase in arrears pertaining to credit card debt, estimating that this form of personal debt is climbing the charts towards the R18 billion mark. This highlights the increased need for personal finance understanding and management.
The beginning of the year can be a taxing time for many people financially, especially when the economy is tough and you are struggling to make ends meet, even in a good month. However, if you plan properly, you can survive financially and overcome the resultant stressors of a tough economy.
Holidays impact finances
“Over the festive season, finances are highlighted as many people go on leave, host family, buy gifts, and spoil themselves and their loved ones,” said African Bank Group Executive: Human Capital, Lindiwe Miyambu. “This means that financial problems are emphasized in these first months of the year more than at any other time.”
They said one of the effects of financial stress was an increased risk of depression. Dessy Tzoneva from the South African Depression and Anxiety Group (SADAG), confirmed financial challenges were a large contributor to mental stress.
Financial planning
Both Miyambu and Tzoneva explained it was important to work out a financial plan with someone experienced, you knew and trusted during this time to alleviate stress caused by financial turmoil. They say these skills should be taught to young people and adopted as a way of life. “Having a plan in place makes you feel better and more in control of your finances,” said Miyambu. They said they believed it was never too late to get on top of your finances.
Financial expert Mellony Ramalho provides some easy steps in mastering your finances and budget. The first of these is to understand what you are working with. Are you combining two salaries from two people or working with one salary? What are your responsibilities each month which require a financial contribution? The earlier you learn to manage debt and finances, the better.
Budgets are not only for businesses
To formulate a budget, take your net salary and subtract from this your monthly debit orders and payments (these could include credit card payments, personal loans, or cell phone bills). Once you've subtracted these amounts, take a look at your responsibilities and allocate an estimated monthly amount to each. Subtract the responsibilities, and your possible savings lie in what is left over. Saving 10 percent of your net salary is ideal.
Control when earnings are low
Other factors in managing a budget include living like you are earning less, practising the art of saying no to unnecessary expenses, formulating financial goals and sticking to these; and allowing a little leeway, through planning for impulsive spending. Even students can pave a way to a brighter future through taking control of their finances now.
Makeup has proved itself to be an escape from anxieties and even a form of therapy for many, but it can also make some people feel left out. Thankfully, the latest makeup trend is looking to combat the latter. Tarte Cosmetics expanded their foundation and concealer ranges to be more inclusive. Here's what was added and what's to come, so your makeup bag is up to date.
There's only one thing better than new makeup launches — shade expansions. Tarte expanded the Amazonian Clay 12-Hour Foundation from 25 to 40 shades and the Creaseless Concealer from 14 to 30 shades. The brand simply put the shades on the website for people to shop as of May 30, and made the announcement afterwards.
All 40 shades of foundation and 30 shades of concealer are available to shop on the website right now. The addition was a mix of all shades, but mainly medium and dark shades, according to the brand.
"For Amazonian Clay Foundation, 10 of the new 15 shades are in the tan to deep which brings our total to 17 tan to deep shades out of 40," Tarte tells Bustle. "For creaseless concealer, 9 of the new 16 shades are tan to deep making 13 of our 30 shades within this range."
While it doesn't mean that every formula is available in extra shades, this is a great start for the brand. Simply put, the more people that can wear the shades the better. Not so simply put, this is a long time coming. The line has been out since 2013, so it's about time more shades are on the way.
"We believe actions speak louder than words," says Tarte. "Instead of talking about it, we wanted to quickly take action and get to work on more shades."
Inclusivity might be on the rise, but it's not a fad. More and more brands have been expanding foundation lines since Rihanna's Fenty Beauty hit the scene with a whopping 40 initial shades. That's more than some brands — had to begin with. Tarte is not the only brand that has decided to take a look at its shade range, either.
According to the website, there are 13 shades of fair to light shades, 14 medium to tan shades, and 13 deep shades available to purchase. That's almost completely equal, my friends. That's a major change for the brand. Especially considering that Shape Tape Foundation only offers six tan to deep shades.
This is only the beginning of expansions as well. According to the brand, Tarte will be expanding the shade range of other formulas as well.
"We are excited to share that our shape tape matte & hydrating foundations, shape tape concealer & Rainforest of the Seawater foundations will get shade extensions this year," Tarte tells Bustle.
How is the brand celebrating the update? Instead of posting on social media or having a huge giveaway, Tarte is offering $25 Amazonian Clay Foundations, which are normally $39. Yes, really. Now that more people can get the foundation than ever before, it's more affordable than ever before as well. All you have to do is add it to your cart and use the code CLAY at checkout.
The deal won't be around for long though. According to the website, the deal ends "soon." Basically, you'll want to stop reading this right now and go shop. According to a press event from the brand announcing the expansion, the sale will only be 24 hours.
Unfortunately, the brand is not offering the same deal for the also-expanded Creaseless Concealer. You'll have to pay full-priced for face product, which rings in at $26. That's one dollar cheaper than Shape Tape Concealer, but has an extra 16 shades.
It's a great time to be a makeup lover. More brands than ever are looking to expand shade ranges and make products even more inclusive. This is better than any new product that could possibly come out. Because inclusivity is the best detail of them all.
SELLER: Jeremy Scott
LOCATION: Los Angeles, CA
PRICE: $1,875,000
SIZE: 2,160 square feet, 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms
YOUR MAMA'S NOTES: Iconoclast fashion designer Jeremy Scott, creative director of the innovative, eccentric and sometimes brazenly outlandish Italian fashion house Moschino, sent their former home in the star-studded Outpost Estates neighborhood in the foothills above Hollywood down the real estate runway with a price tag of $1.875 million. The Missouri bred fashionista, who in addition to their duties at Moschino also heads up their own eponymous label, acquired the 2,160-square-foot hillside home in August 2003 for $1,057,000.
The fully updated and upgraded, circa 1930s streamline modern ranch-style affair, with an arguably clunky and incongruous terra cotta tile roof, features glam-tinged interior spaces with gallery white walls, lustrous ebony hardwoods and extensive use of glass that provide panoramic canyon and mountain views. The long and slender living room has a TV-surmounted fireplace and a grand piano set into in a tri-window bay and the adjacent dining room features a glamorously curved wall of floor-to-ceiling glass panels that slide open to a slender, tree-shaded terrazzo veranda. The single-story residence sits atop a two-car garage with three bedrooms and three bathrooms, including a master suite with fireplace set into a wall of custom-crafted storage cabinets. A funky but carefully arranged arrangement of corner windows allows for an over-the trees view of the downtown skyline and the master bathroom has what listing descriptions call a “walk in hot tub bath” plus a steam shower.
Mister Scott, subject of the 2015 documentary “Jeremy Scott: The People's Designer,” has become a darling of the property gossip columns over the last few years having spent many pretty pennies on a pair of tour-de-force architectural icons, one in Los Angeles, the other in Palm Springs and both designed by maverick architect John Lautner. In July 2014 they paid $3.25 million for the carefully restored 1947 Foster-Carling residence, a 1,999 square foot, glass-walled city-view pavilion with two bedrooms and two bathrooms perched on a promontory high in the Hollywood hills that was featured in Vogue, and last year they coughed up $8 million in cash for the boldly idiosyncratic and internationally renown Elrod House, a spectacular 8,901-square-foot extravaganza with a monumental 60-foot diameter circular living room and a cinematic view over the whole of Palm Springs.
listing photos: John Aaroe Group
(Corrects to read 519 million in headline, paragraph 1)
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Instone Real Estate Group, a German residential property developer, said shares worth up to 519 million euros ($648 million) would be placed in its listing on the Frankfurt stock exchange, which it has scheduled for Feb. 15.
The placement will comprise 7 million new shares from a capital increase and 13.35 million shares from fund holdings by ActivumSG Capital Management Ltd at a price of 21.50 to 25.50 euros each, Instone said on Friday.
In addition, up to 3.05 million shares from ActivumSG have been earmarked for over-allotments.
LOS ANGELES — Thomas Welsh scored five of their 21 points in the final 51 seconds, giving UCLA an 82-79 victory over crosstown rival Southern California on Saturday and snapping the Trojans' season-high six-game winning streak.
Welsh hit a 3-pointer to put UCLA ahead for good at 80-77 and calmly sank two free throws with 11 seconds to go on their 22nd birthday that helped the Bruins (16-7, 7-4 Pac-12) win their third in a row.
Aaron Holiday led the Bruins with 23 points, including five 3-pointers, and nine assists. They improved to 12-2 at home.
The Trojans (17-7, 8-3) were led by Elijah Stewart with 20 points.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Thomson Reuters benchmark rates for Indian gilts at 1700 IST (1130 GMT) Friday follow: ------------------ ----- --------- ----------- ------ Security Name Tenor Price Yield Year Range Range to Mat. ------------------ ----- --------- ----------- ------ 03/05/18 (Tbill) 3M 98.49/50 6.420/6.380 0.25 02/08/18 (Tbill) 6M 96.92/94 6.510/6.470 0.50 07.28 pct GOI 2019 1Y 100.69/74 6.717/6.678 1.34 06.35 pct GOI 2020 2Y 98.98/99 6.925/6.919 1.92 07.80 pct GOI 2021 3Y 101.77/80 7.163/7.152 3.19 08.20 pct GOI 2022 4Y 102.58/63 7.446/7.431 4.04 06.84 pct GOI 2022 5Y 97.57/64 7.441/7.423 4.88 07.68 pct GOI 2023 6Y 100.30/50 7.613/7.570 5.87 07.72 pct GOI 2025 7Y 100.10/25 7.699/7.672 7.31 06.97 pct GOI 2026 8Y 94.43/60 7.873/7.845 8.59 06.79 pct GOI 2027 9Y 93.61/68 7.767/7.756 9.29 07.17 pct GOI 2028 10Y 97.23/31 7.571/7.559 9.93 08.60 pct GOI 2028 11Y 105.40/50 7.825/7.812 10.33 06.79 pct GOI 2029 12Y 93.00/15 7.698/7.677 11.90 07.61 pct GOI 2030 13Y 97.65/95 7.911/7.871 12.27 06.68 pct GOI 2031 14Y 90.30/37 7.851/7.842 13.63 06.57 pct GOI 2033 15Y 87.68/13 7.950/7.895 15.84 07.40 pct GOI 2035 19Y 96.10/55 7.810/7.762 17.60 08.83 pct GOI 2041 24Y 109.37/83 7.946/7.906 23.86 07.06 pct GOI 2046 30Y 91.14/59 7.839/7.797 28.69 The yield curve based on the above rates is available on Thomson Reuters Graphics . For liquid Government of India securities, please double-click in the brackets . For further details, double-click on and . (Mumbai Rate Reporting Unit, +91 22 6180-7222/3317 7222, rru.data@thomsonreuters.com)
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Currys PC World are well known for their brazen tech offerings all year round, but with Christmas edging nearer and nearer, there's even more bargains than ever up for grabs.
From saving £130 off eco washing machines, to £120 off JVC TVs, plus £170 off Lenovo laptops, there are plenty of discounts up for grabs at the moment.
We've rounded up the best deals below, which includes how to get a free £12 spend there this month when you spend over £50.
As with many other retailers, the tech giant also promises to match the prices of their high street competitors, if you can find it cheaper.
If you're looking for Christmas inspiration, Curry's PC World have also revealed their top 10 tech gifts for 2017, just in case Santa hasn't received their letter yet.
How to get a free £12 to spend at Curry's
(Image: Handout)
All new members to free cashback site Quidco can claim a free £12 to spend at Curry's. Follow the three simple steps below to find out how, or read the full T&Cs here.
Join Quidco, for free Quidco will direct you to Curry's PC World where you can shop like normal, spending at least £50. Within two weeks, Quidco will reimburse you £12 which you can then transfer to your bank account.
The deal will last until the 31st December and is only available to new Quidco members who shop via this tracked link.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What else is in our guide?
The latest Currys voucher codes - or visit Vouchercodes.co.uk Where to find more Currys deals What's the Currys price promise How much does delivery cost
1. The latest Currys PC World voucher codes
(Image: Gretel Ensignia/PA Wire)
Buying electronics or white goods is often a big strain on your wallet - they're expensive AND often you need to replace them fast.
That's where discount code offers comes in handy. Voucher code and deals websites like:
These sites regularly post Currys offers, and you can also browse the official Currys PC World vouchers page. (As these are branded codes, Currys PC World has a right to cancel these at any time without notice).
Read More Find more voucher codes Dominos
Currys
Argos
Tesco
Amazon
Debenhams
Boots
Next
2. Where to find more Currys PC World deals?
(Image: PA)
Another great place to look out for bargains on everything, from washing machines and dishwashers to laptops, tablets and TVs, is by browsing the official Currys eBay store.
Here you find all of the same great big brands like Apple, Samsung, Hotpoint and Sony, but often for cheaper prices than on the Currys website.
The eBay shop regularly hosts special offers, clearance sales and seasonal promotions.
It's also worth signing up for a free cashback account with TopCashback or Quidco. You can then start earning on any purchases you make.
Just log into your account, search for Currys and view all the cashback offers available, then click the tracked link to shop as normal at Currys online.
Once you make a purchase, your transaction is tracked and you'll be paid the cashback rate into your members account.
3. What's the 'price promise'?
Since the start of the year Curry's has worked to offer the best price on hundreds of coveted items with its Price Promise initiative.
The tech chain guarantee that they will match or beat the price customers would pay at AO.com, Argos, Asda, John Lewis and Tesco. Even if the competitor is running a voucher code offer up to seven days after an item has been purchased from them.
Shoppers can either pop into their local store or call: 0344 561 0000.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Price Promise terms and conditions at a glance:
Currys will match competitor's current UK store or website price. The competitor's item must be brand new, identical to ours, and offered on the same terms. Currys and the competitor must have stock ready for delivery. Currys must be able to verify the competitor's price and stock position. Currys will match the price of an item; not delivery charges or other services. Cannot be used with any other offer and the guarantee is limited to one per customer or household.
4. How much does delivery cost?
Shoppers an pickup free standard home delivery in the UK or opt for free click and collect services.
There's also free economy home delivery on items from the eBay store.
Both orders via the official website and eBay store come with the option to recycle your old appliances. To save you the hassle, your unwanted item is taken away and recycled, along with any packaging for your new item.
There's an additional small cost - normally prices start from £15, but it will save you time and effort.
rounds of quantitative easing, America has created the biggest bubbles in history, the largest being the debt bubble. Worrisome is that in becoming the largest debtor nation in modern history, any downturn in corporate profitability could be a disaster since the corporate world also is over- leveraged.
To date, the US benefited from this arrangement because they consumed more than they produce. For the rest of the world, they are now awash in dollars. The manufactured $10 trillion of central bank liquidity, born in the depths of the 2008 financial crisis has been the key driver pushing up asset prices to manic levels from bonds' bull run to the subsequent record breaking stock market rally. Not a problem, until foreign investors and creditor nations decide to go on strike because they have too many dollars or, insulted by a tweet or gaffe, a Mueller charge, or the scrapping of another agreement, decide to retaliate and unload those dollars.
Debt is like cocaine. Today investors have become addicted. The Federal Reserve, responsible for credit creation has become the dominant player in the global financial system. Global growth and a decade of money printing has fueled a progression of mania or bubbles and demand for liquid dollar assets, from stock markets, da Vinci paintings, real estate to bitcoins, the bubbles have expanded in scope and risk. Some of the funds sloshed over to the corporate sector, funding buybacks, instead of investments or capex. Ironically, the tax reform bill will do little to repatriate the billions of oversea funds or stimulate capital spendings – instead there will be much more red ink despite pay-as-you-go rules. Debt cannot be solved with more debt.
Is It Different This Time?
Worrisome then is that in a world where everything looks expensive, investors' search for yield has them taking on increased risk and leverage in order to boost returns. Central bank asset purchases also crowded out investors leaving them with riskier assets, distorting traditional valuation metrics. However, while record-breaking stock markets trumped fundamentals for investor attention, junk bond prices have collapsed and the sovereign debt market has swooned after Venezuela's default in the biggest sovereign default in history. As the central banks' so-called “normalization” unfolds, we believe the first crack will surface in the debt market. Of concern, is that the present time is reminiscent of the months before the 2008 crisis. Housing is again in a bubble, Wall Street is caught up in its own rational exuberance and Americans do not save. It is not so different this time.
Central banks' recent guidance to rein back on the monetary reins discloses an addiction to ultralow interest rates such that a backlash has them only gradually ending these programs.
Ahead of Facebook's annual developers conference, F8, Facebook shared the demographic makeup of this year's expected attendees exclusively with TechCrunch.
Of the people who chose to disclose, 28.7% self-identified as women (a 4.9% increase from last year) and 19.3% self-identified as underrepresented ethnicities in tech (black, Latinx, Native American, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander), representing a 5.6% increase from last year.
For the second year in a row, Facebook has also donated $250,000 worth of F8 proceeds to fund a scholarship program for underrepresented people in tech. This year, Facebook has donated some of the proceeds from F8 to Hack Reactor's Telegraph Track for underrepresented engineers.
“The F8 donation will fuel the expansion of Telegraph track as we plan to award full-tuition scholarships to 14 underrepresented engineers looking to join our Telegraph Track community,” Hack Reactor ‎Director of Diversity and Inclusion Albrey Brown told TechCrunch in an email.
Last year, Facebook donated the money to Dev Bootcamp to fund scholarships for 20 people of color and/or women to participate in the 19-week program.
“F8, in and of itself, is a cross-section not just of Facebook, but of the industry as a whole,” Facebook Diversity Business Partner Kiva Wilson told TechCrunch.
Wilson went on to say that the upward trend in diverse representation at F8 is one Facebook works hard for, and “frankly, is exciting and provides a bit more encouragement.”
Facebook first started collecting the demographic makeup of its F8 attendees in 2015. That's because tech conferences, including this publication's beloved Disrupt, are notoriously dominated by male attendees.
Compared to Facebook's employee demographics, its conference for developers is more racially diverse but not more diverse when it comes to gender. Underrepresented racial minorities make up just 10% of Facebook's employee base in the U.S., while they make up 19.3% of attendees at F8. Facebook is 33% female, while F8 attendees are just 28.7% female.
Regarding speakers at F8, Wilson wouldn't disclose the demographics or names, but said attendees will be able to notice an improvement this year compared to last year.
“I am a full proponent and believer in the concept that you can't be what you can't see,” Wilson said.
Featured Image: Eric Risberg/AP
The Washington Capitals are in the Stanley Cup Final for the first time in 20 years. That's as special for coaches and players as it is for everyone behind the scenes.
So Washington owner Ted Leonsis celebrated by surprising 200 employees of Monumental Sports & Entertainment with tickets and a chartered flight to the first leg of the Stanley Cup Final. According to The Washington Post, the selected employees -- chosen based off how closely they work with the Capitals, and also seniority -- received an email last week from a senior vice president with the subject line: "Let's go to Vegas." They received tickets to either Game 1 or Game 2.
Ted Leonsis used money earned from America Online to start Monumental Sports and Entertainment, which oversees the Washington Wizards and Washington Capitals. Ned Dishman/NBAE via Getty Images
"It's truly amazing and out of this world," Omar Castro, a guest relations manager told the Washington Post. "I never expected an owner of the company to do this. We get to share in this with them. ... He's thinking of us as part of a family, as part of the experience. There's no reason for them to do it. All I can say is a big thanks to Ted and their family for the opportunity, and for truly making this into something memorable for all of us here in the company."
Leonsis organized two chartered flights, and also put the chosen employees up at the Excalibur hotel. Leonsis has owned the Capitals since 1999. They have been a forward-facing figure for the franchise which is still looking for its first Stanley Cup.
Most notably, the Capitals could never make it past the Pittsburgh Penguins in the playoffs. The Penguins were 9-1 against the Capitals in their 10 postseason meetings entering this season. Leonsis appeared in the team's locker room after Washington finally knocked off its rivals in the second round. "It's almost embarrassing it's taken this long for us to get past it," they said.
This is not the first gesture by an owner to reward employees of a long suffering fan base. In 2016, Chicago Cubs owner Tom Ricketts footed the bill for more than 400 full-time staffers (and a significant other) to attend World Series games in Cleveland. Indians owner Paul Dolan matched the generosity by doing the same for 300 of their employees and their significant others to attend a game in Chicago.
The Capitals dropped Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final to the expansion Vegas Golden Knights, 6-4. Game 2 is Wednesday in Vegas before the series shifts back to Washington,
CLEVELAND -- Cleveland Indians designated hitter Edwin Encarnacion left Friday's American League Division Series game against the New York Yankees in the bottom of the first inning with an apparent right ankle sprain that appeared to be significant.
Their ankle bent at a grotesque angle as they tried to return to second base on a soft line-drive out by teammate Jay Bruce.
Indians DH Edwin Encarnacion was in apparent pain as they left the field after suffering a right ankle sprain in the first inning Friday. Phil Long/AP Photo
Encarnacion had reached base after being hit in the knee by a pitch from Yankees starter CC Sabathia, and they advanced to second base on a Carlos Santana single. They were doubled off second by Yankees shortstop Didi Gregorius on the Bruce lineout.
Encarnacion writhed in pain in the infield dirt before being helped off the field by Cleveland's training staff. They were unable to put any weight on their right leg on their way to the dugout.
Editor's Picks Indians' Brantley (ankle) could start Sunday Cleveland Indians' Michael Brantley could be in the starting lineup in left field when the ALDS shifts from Cleveland to New York on Sunday as they continue to make progress in their recovery from an ankle injury.
The Indians said they were being evaluated by the team's medical staff to determine the extent of the injury.
Encarnacion was replaced in the batting order by Michael Brantley, who struck out against Sabathia with the bases loaded to end a Cleveland threat in the bottom of the second.
The loss of Encarnacion for an extended period would be a significant blow to the Indians. The slugger signed a three-year, $60 million deal as a free agent in the offseason and has been Cleveland's principal cleanup hitter, leading the team with 38 home runs, 107 RBIs and a .377 on base percentage.
Cleveland had a 3-2 lead after two innings in Game 2 of the best-of-five series against the Yankees.
“American Idol” came close to tying “The Voice” for the first time this season in the Monday overnight ratings.
“American Idol” drew a 1.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 7.6 million viewers, up slightly in both measures from last Monday. “The Voice,” meanwhile, slipped to a 1.5 and 8.3 million viewers. That is the NBC show's lowest numbers this season thus far.
After “Idol” on ABC, “The Crossing” (0.7, 4.2 million) was even.
After “The Voice,” “Good Girls” (0.9, 4.1 million) was also even.
CBS aired only repeats until the third “Late Late Show Carpool Karaoke Primetime Special.” The special drew a 0.8 and 3.8 million viewers, up slightly in the demo from last year's 0.7 but down in total viewers from last year's 4.2 million.
On Fox, “Lucifer” (0.7, 2.8 million) was down slightly in viewers while “The Resident” (0.8, 3.9 million) was down slightly in the demo.
For The CW, both “Supergirl” (0.4, 1.4 million) and “iZombie” (0.2, 0.71 million) were down in both measures from last week.
NBC won the night with a 1.3 and 6.9 million viewers. ABC was second with a 1.2 and 6.5 million. CBS was third with a 0.9 and 5.3 million. Fox was fourth with a 0.8 and 3.4 million. The CW averaged a 0.3 and 1 million viewers.
(Reuters) - Indian shares ended at their highest in nearly two weeks on Wednesday, after the government's decision to raise the price at which it will buy new-season common rice variety from domestic farmers boosted sentiment.
A man walks out of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) building in Mumbai, India, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/File Photo
India has raised the price at which the government will buy new-season common rice variety from domestic farmers by 13 percent, a minister said on Wednesday, as the state looks to woo millions of farmers ahead of general elections due early next year.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 0.75 percent higher at 35,645.40. The broader NSE Nifty ended 0.65 percent higher at 10,769.90.
Both indexes ended at their highest closing levels since June 22.
Shares of Shriram Transport Finance Co Ltd ended nearly 12 percent lower at 1,145.25 rupees, at their lowest close since October 2017. The company has an outstanding corporate guarantee of 8.7 billion rupees ($126.55 million) to SVL Ltd, whose subsidiary - Shriram EPC - has been referred to the bankruptcy court making the chances of the guarantee becoming a liability, analysts said.
($1 = 68.7500 Indian rupees)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Arsenal have confirmed that January signing Henrikh Mkhitaryan will wear the No.77 shirt in the Europa League this season, Goal.com reports.
The Armenia international, who joined the club as part of an exchange deal that saw Alexis Sanchez move to Manchester United, picked the No.7 shirt to wear domestically, but the same number cannot be worn by two different players in Europe, and they have thus picked the 77 shirt.
Taking the No.7 shirt at Arsenal, Mkhitaryan wasl not be able to wear that jersey in the Europa League, the Premier League club have confirmed.
That is because Sanchez, who will also wear the No.7 shirt for Manchester United, played for the Gunners in the current Europa League campaign - their 3-1 win over Cologne back in September - wearing that same squad number
Mkhitaryan has obviously been included in Arsene Wenger's updated Europa League squad list for the knockout stages.
Four framed photographs hang on a wall at Garret and Lauren Chachere's house outside New Orleans.
Three are typical -- one of Lauren with their sons Garrett and Jackson, the second of their son Noah and, finally, Lauren with their bridesmaids on their wedding day. The fourth is atypical. Their son Grant standing next to Nick Foles in the front office of Grant's elementary school.
The fourth photo was taken when Grant was in sixth grade and their dad, Garret, was an assistant football coach at the University of Arizona. Foles, who will lead the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XLII on Sunday, played quarterback at the school from 2009-11.
Garret, who coached receivers for two seasons and running backs for the third, didn't work directly with Foles, but knew them well enough. When Foles arrived in Tucson as a transfer from Michigan State, Garret had no idea what kind of person Foles was off the field.
They soon found out.
Grant Chachere says having lunch with Nick Foles changed their perspective on life and helped them fit in. Courtesy of Chachere family
Life as the new kid
During a father-son conversation in early May 2011, Garret asked Grant how they were adjusting to their new school. As a football coach, Garret had moved their family around the country. Arizona was their eighth stop since their career began in 1992. Grant would spend a few years at each school before the family moved on to Garret's next job.
Garret trod lightly when talking with their son, asking how Grant was adjusting and if they were making friends. Grant, nonchalantly, mentioned they had been eating lunch at school by himself.
“I was not happy with that,” said Garrett, who soon discovered their son was having trouble fitting in.
Grant, who had a stutter back then, was being picked on, teased and made fun of by their classmates. They knew it was hard for their classmates to understand him.
“People thought I was different from everybody else. ... 'Let's go make fun of the guy that's different,'" said Grant, now 18 and a college first-year student.
In addition to their speech impediment, Grant said they were shy. Those issues, coupled with moving every few years, led to Grant having just a friend or two at school. Garret knew it was hard on Grant to keep moving schools. Just when their classmates would get to know them and their circle of friends would start to grow, the family would move.
In Tucson, Grant either ate by themselves in the lunchroom or in a classroom with a teacher who started looking out for him.
“I just thought it was kind of normal because I was doing that for a little while,” Grant said. “I only had maybe one or two friends. But sometimes I didn't eat with them. I didn't know who my true friends were. It was a big deal cause at the time, when you're young, you see other people interacting with a bunch of people and they have a bunch of friends, and you have maybe one or two friends, maybe none at all, it's really hard for you to process that.”
Helping their son
Garret knew something needed to be done, so they hatched a plan: They were going to have lunch with Grant at school on their birthday later that month. To make the experience even better, Garret decided to bring along one of their Arizona players. At the time, they were Arizona's running backs coach, so they first asked one of their running backs if they'd join them but the player had a final exam and couldn't make it.
Who they brought with them -- and more importantly, who they told about their son's situation -- was a decision Garret wanted to make carefully. They had a strong relationship with Foles. Grant knew him. Why not ask the quarterback, Garret thought.
"Him coming to eat lunch with me actually taught me that no matter who you are, doing one nice thing for somebody can change their whole life." Grant Chachere, on their lunch with Eagles quarterback Nick Foles
This all took place at a time when when Foles' star was shooting straight up. They threw for 3,191 yards and 20 touchdowns against 10 interceptions as a junior in 2010. On top of all that, they were impossible to miss, standing 6-foot-6, with long, blond hair. They looked more like Shaggy Rogers, Grant said, than the short-haired, bespectacled Foles who has been in the spotlight all week at Super Bowl LII in Minnesota.
Garret called Foles.
When Foles answered, Garret began by saying they had a favor to ask. Details were, intentionally, held back. Foles wavered at first, saying they needed to study for an upcoming exam. Garret understood and told Foles not to worry about it. Then Foles asked what the favor was.
Garret explained everything -- how Grant had a developmental disorder, how they were being bullied, how they ate lunch alone, how they planned to surprise Grant for their birthday, how he'd love it if Foles could join them.
Foles didn't hesitate. They were in.
The big day
When Garret and Foles walked into Grant's school that Friday, the buzz spread quickly. Autograph requests began as they waited in the front office. Teachers and administrators asked Foles to sign for their children -- and for them. When they reached the cafeteria, the secret was out about Foles being at the school. But there was one problem: They couldn't find Grant.
Everyone looked, and they were found eating lunch in a classroom with a teacher. By the time Grant and their visitors made it back to the lunchroom, lunch was almost over.
“He comes out and they see me and Nick, and so at that point, he's kind of a little stunned,” Garret said.
Grant said: “The fact that they came to eat lunch with me really shocked me because it came out of nowhere. You wouldn't expect it.”
When they finally were eating, Foles started to get inundated with autograph requests. They politely declined them all, explaining to the star-struck kids they were at their school to eat lunch with their friend Grant. To this day, that moment sticks out to Garret, who didn't ask Foles to not sign. That was all Foles.
After they finished their meals, there was still time left in recess and kids were outside playing football. Grant had played a handful of times throughout the school year but on that day, they had one of the best quarterbacks in college football hanging out with him, so, of course, they were asked to play.
Foles was the all-time quarterback for both teams and with the game tied and a few minutes remaining, Foles threw a pass to the end zone. Garret called it a Hail Mary. Grant, who later was a two-year letter winner as a fullback in high school, called it a vertical route. Whichever, Foles' pass was perfect and Grant caught it in stride for the winning touchdown.
That's still one of the moments from that day etched in Grant's memory.
Before Garret and Foles left, they stopped so Foles could take a picture with Grant -- the one that now hangs in the Chachere's living room.
“He's had a special place in our family's hearts,” Garret said of Foles. “My dad roots for him. [Grant's] grandfather on their mom's side roots for him.
“My wife though, that next year, they would always bake stuff for Nick or do stuff for Nick. They had a special place for us. We never talked about it again. It's something that lasts in both of our minds as a memorable experience.”
Act of kindness bears fruit
Memorable, yes, but that day -- those few hours -- changed Grant's life. They became more social and had an easier time making friends in the future.
“Him coming to eat lunch with me actually taught me that no matter who you are, doing one nice thing for somebody can change their whole life, and I really thought that throughout my whole life,” Grant said. “I always talk to people to see how their days are going. It actually changed my whole perspective on life.”
Grant, now, is thriving. He's in their first-year student year of college at New Mexico Highlands University, where their dad is an assistant football coach. He's thinking about pursuing a career in business or marketing.
Whatever they end up doing after college, Grant will take the lessons they learned from Foles with him.
“You can be this big star, but the way you grew up and the way you interact with people, from the way your parents saw you, really determines how you are as a person,” Grant said.
“What that really taught me was you can be whoever you want to be, but at the end of the day, it's about your character and about the things you do for the best of the world instead of thinking about yourself.”
Catching up
Two weeks ago, as the Eagles were preparing for the NFC Championship Game against the Minnesota Vikings, Garret asked Grant if they wanted to reach out to Foles. It had been awhile since they had talked.
Through a mutual friend, Garret got Foles' number and both Garret and Grant sent the quarterback text messages the night before the then-biggest game of their life.
In their message, Grant congratulated Foles on making the conference championship and passed along this message: “You are a great leader and you've always had that ability to lead because a lot of people like you, and not only do they like you, they trust you as a leader.” They finished the text by telling Foles “everybody believes in you. Your teammates believe in you. Your family believes in you.”
Grant also included a picture of the picture of them.
Foles wrote back quickly: “Thanks, Grant. That means a lot.”
There'll be another text this weekend before the biggest game of Foles' life, from the young man whose life changed to the man who changed it.
Purveyors of fake news and satire jumped into action after ABC's sudden 29 May 2018 cancellation of the reboot of the sitcom Roseanne in response to racist tweeting by the show's titular star. Almost immediately, numerous fabricated stories appeared to claim that the sitcom had been picked up by other television networks and content platforms, and even that President Donald Trump had intervened.
In the hours and days following ABC's announcement, fake news web site Daily World Update falsely reported that Netflix had commissioned a second season of ‘Roseanne' “in record time.” In its article, Daily World Update falsely named the chief executive officer of Netflix as “Art Tubolls” and hyperlinked under that name to the Facebook page of “Busta Troll,” one of the many monikers and pseudonyms used by fake news producer Christopher Blair, who runs a network of sites that include Daily World Update.
(The CEO of Netflix is Reed Hastings. “Art Tubolls,” an anagram of “Busta Troll,” is a prank name that Blair uses repeatedly in their articles.)
Daily World Update subsequently reported that Netflix had withdrawn its interest in Roseanne after “a phone call from Barack Obama” (a fabrication.) The site then claimed (again, falsely) NBC had picked up the show. That article contained a fabricated quote from the CEO of NBC, whom Daily World Update named as — you guessed it — Art Tubolls.
On 30 May, Daily World Update completed a clean sweep of the major networks with false and contradictory articles claiming that both Fox and CBS had commissioned a second season of the Roseanne reboot. Both articles came with fabricated quotations from the CEO of Fox and the Programming Director of CBS — naming both men as Art Tubolls.
Details like these didn't stop people from falling for this story and others like it. Just hours after ABC announced it was ditching ‘Roseanne,' the “Women for Trump Movement II” Facebook page also claimed that Fox had picked up the sitcom in a post that was shared thousands of times in less than one day:
BREAKING: Fox will agree to a deal to run the next series of Roseanne within 3 months after ABC canceled the sitcom – Reports.
Although the post cited “reports,” Fox has not announced that it is poised to commission a new season of Roseanne and no reputable news source has reported to that effect. However, fans of the show have been reportedly lobbying the network to do just that.
Earlier in May 2018, Fox announced it had picked up Last Man Standing, which stars conservative comedian Tim Allen, after ABC cancelled it a year earlier. However, Allen was not embroiled in a racism scandal (as Barr now is) and ABC's entertainment president Channing Dungey cited “business and scheduling” as the reasons for the decision to drop the sitcom.
In announcing that Fox would be providing a new home for Allen's sitcom, Fox Television Group CEO Gary Newman expressed doubt that the comedian's personal conservative politics played a role in ABC's decision and, in an interview with the Washington Post, speculated that the rival network might have balked at persisting with a show produced by an outside studio (20th Century Fox) rather than a potentially more lucrative in-house alternative.
Finally, the satirical web site Breaking Burgh published a blog post claiming that President Donald Trump themselves — who has been an enthusiastic supporter of Roseanne — had weighed in on the issue:
In a first for the US executive branch, a sitting President has ordered the cable channel C-SPAN to pick up a TV show cancelled by one of the major networks. Saying they could not let this “fine fine show about American values” go off the air, President Trump ordered the channel to pick up the rebooted sitcom ‘Roseanne', which had been abruptly dropped from the schedule by broadcast network ABC for some reason.
Breaking Burgh is clearly labelled as a “satirical blog” and the article is quite obviously not intended to be taken seriously, containing as it does a fabricated warning by Trump that they would launch airstrikes against C-SPAN if it did not comply with their order to commission a second series of the sitcom.
However, Trump did comment on the show's cancellation after all:
SPRINGFIELD - A male, found deceased in Emerson Wight Park Saturday morning, appears to have suffered a gunshot wound, a spokesperson for the Hampden District Attorney's office said Tuesday.
The Springfield Police Department's Major Crimes unit, along with the Hampden District Attorney's office, continues to investigate the victim's death.
The body was discovered by a passerby about 7:15 a.m. The park, which includes a children's playground, is in the heart of the city's South End,
Those who may have been in the area of Emerson Wight Park and Marble Street early Saturday are asked to call text-a-tip by texting the word crime (274637) and type the word solve into the body of the message followed by the tip. The public may also call the Springfield Police Department's Homicide Unit at 413-787-6355.
“We are also currently preparing measures and sanctions against the perpetrators as a consequence of the incidents and will present the results in the coming weeks.”
We're less than two weeks away from the NFL Draft, and while it looks like no quarterbacks will be taken in the Top 10 – and gambling handicappers seem to agree – a mystery team may shake things up: The Buffalo Bills.
Related Mitch Trubisky Reminds One NFL Personnel Director of Aaron Rodgers
I had Albert Breer of the MMQB on my radio show this weekend, and here's what they had to say about the Bills and drafting a QB with the 10th pick (starts around 1:04:30):
What Cleveland's going to have to do now if they want Mitch Trubisky, I think they're going to have to hop over Buffalo … if Tyrod [Taylor] proves to be the long term answer there, you've got a great commodity sitting on your bench. It's like the Ron Wolf theory – when the [Packers] had Brett Favre, they kept drafting QBs – they'd draft one every year – Matt Hasslebeck, Aaron Brooks, Mark Brunell, Ty Detmer – [and] they flipped all those guys for draft picks. I think Buffalo is very, very serious about taking a QB at 10. If you're the Browns, it's, ‘ok, we have to get in front of Buffalo now. maybe we have to move up and trade with Carolina or the Chargers or Jets … if we want Trubisky, we want to be sure we get him, but we don't want to spend the #1 pick on him.'
One betting outlet seems to agree that the Browns won't spend the top pick on the UNC QB who started just 13 games in their college career. Bet Online made the over/under for the first QB to go 11.5.
NFL O/U Draft Position via @DaveMasonBOL Mitch Trubisky 11.5
DeShaun Watson 12.5
Patrick Mahomes 25.5
DeShone Kizer 30.5 — Todd Fuhrman (@ToddFuhrman) April 15, 2017
Here's where it gets interesting: Do the Browns really love Trubisky … or is it DeShaun Watson? If they love both, then it doesn't matter what Buffalo does. One will be there at 12.
But if they really want Trubisky – my question would be WHY? – then the Jets/Chargers/Panthers/Bengals need to be on the phone with the Browns working out a potential deal. Surely all of those teams would love to slide down to 12 and pick up another selection.
Adele's victory over Beyoncé in the Album of the Year category at Sunday night's Grammy Awards has left many — including the "Hello" singer themselves — in shock.
Among the small minority who actually believe Adele's 25 deserved the win over Bey's transformative Lemonade is Carlos Santana, who commented on the upset and threw some massive shade at Yoncé in the process. He's gonna need to run — fast — from the Beyhive after this one.
“I think Adele won because they can sing,” Santana said in an interview to the New Zealand Herald. “She doesn't bring all the dancers and props, they can just stand there and they just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why they win.”
It gets worse.
They continued, “With all respect to our sister Beyoncé, Beyoncé is very beautiful to look at it's just more like modeling kind of music — music to model a dress,” they said. “She's not a singer, with all respect to her.”
This won't end well for Santana:
When I saw Carlos Santana trending, I was scared they died. But it was just them insulting Beyonce and now I'm scared he'll be assassinated. — Alex Iosiovich (@Alex_Iosiovich) February 14, 2017 Beyoncé sang on point while falling backward in a chair and didn't miss a beat or lose breath with twins on their diaphragm Carlos Santana — BlackITgirl (@joalmoore) February 14, 2017 The fact that Carlos Santana said those comments after he's performed on stage with Beyoncé at halftime and witnessed their talent is baffling — eh (@Bowtobee) February 14, 2017 Carlos Santana: "Beyoncé isn't a singer."
me: pic.twitter.com/9jXtxJKHgd — 0 Likes & 0 Dollars (@Proto_Zsay) February 14, 2017
Undoubtedly after taking a look at their mentions, Santana tried to walk back their comments. “My intent was to congratulate Adele on their amazing night at the Grammies,” they wrote on Facebook Tuesday (Feb. 14). “I have the utmost respect for them as an artist and a person,” Santana added. “She deserves all the accolades that come their way. I wish Beyonce and their family all the best.”
Might be too late to put that toothpaste back in the tube.
(Adds links, background on U.S. nuclear reactors)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Exelon Corp said on Friday it will shut the Oyster Creek nuclear power plant in New Jersey in October 2018, about a year earlier than planned.
In an agreement with New Jersey in 2010, Exelon said it would shut the plant by December 2019 rather than install costly cooling towers to reduce the amount of water it removes from the Barnegat Bay for cooling purposes.
Exelon said the earlier closure will allow it to meet that commitment while helping about 500 employees at the plant to find jobs elsewhere in the company as well as manage costs.
The company also said the decision will help it better manage resources as fuel and maintenance costs continue to rise amid historically low power prices.
The U.S. nuclear industry has been suffering for several years as cheap and abundant natural gas from shale formations has depressed power prices, making it uneconomic for many reactors to continue operating.
Over the past five years, U.S. nuclear operators have shut six reactors and plan to shut another six reactors over the next five years.
The 99 nuclear reactors operating in the United States provide about 20 percent of the nation's power.
Oyster Creek, located about 60 miles (97 kilometers) east of Philadelphia in Ocean County, New Jersey, is one of the oldest operating reactors in the United States. It entered service in 1969 and is capable of generating about 608 megawatts of power.
One megawatt can power about 1,000 U.S. homes.
German great Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday that Neymar could stand to cut down on their theatrics, too. Some opposing coaches and fans have called out Neymar for writhing and rolling around after minor fouls. Cleaning that up could help win over voters when voting for the FIFA player of the year award begins later this month, Matthaeus said.
Fellow Brazilian Ronaldo, a three-time winner of the award, dismissed those complaints and said Neymar could win the award even coming off a club season that was curtailed by injury.
Ronaldo and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
___
6:55 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon. And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey .
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended their funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
By The Associated Press
Dr. Yele Okeremi, new president, Institute of Software Practitioners of Nigeria (ISPON) has warned that Nigeria cannot continue to snub indigenous development, insisting that the wealth of any nation depends majorly on human capital that is well harnessed.
This is coming on the heels of the growing discontent over the increasing importation of foreign software from countries including Estonia, Sweden, India, among others.
Experts claimed that the software industry in Nigeria is worth over 20 billion dollars annually and over a trillion dollars worldwide.
Okeremi, also chief executive officer, Precise Financial Systems, said that ERP and financial accounting solutions, which could have been handled by local players for government, are handled to foreigners.
They stressed that to eradicate corruption at all fronts, “the easiest way is automation, which indigenous players in the country have mastered. For Nigeria to advance, we need to develop our local content and make it marketable, but first patronised by the government.”
The local industry generally exudes much optimism but there is a pervading air of disillusionment which developers blame on absence of government support for the industry.
There are thousands of indigenous software in the Nigeria market but they all get swallowed up as foreign brands.
Nigerian made software provide solutions for school management, cybercafé management, human resources, banking and micro-finance, the stock market and many other areas of human endeavours.
Though a few have enjoyed patronage in the banking sector, stock market, and micro finance institutions.
However, they still suffer discrimination when compared to that of their foreign counterparts even as foreign software is still dominant in the market.
Those from abroad get the lion share while local software are still lagging behind.
Foreign solutions practically dominate corporate Nigeria, particularly the banking and oil sector where IT has been remarkably integrated into their operations.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shell Midstream Partners LP:
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP ANNOUNCES SALE OF $980 MILLION OF COMMON UNITS
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS - EXPECTS TO USE NET PROCEEDS FROM PUBLIC OFFERING, PRIVATE PLACEMENT TO REPAY AMOUNTS OUTSTANDING UNDER CREDIT FACILITIES
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS - PRICED PUBLIC OFFERING OF 25 MILLION UNITS FOR TOTAL PROCEEDS OF $680 MILLION BEFORE DEDUCTING UNDERWRITING COMMISSIONS & EXPENSES
* SHELL MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP - ‍IN ADDITION, CO CONCURRENTLY AGREED TO SELL 11,029,412 COMMON UNITS TO SHELL MIDSTREAM LP HOLDINGS LLC​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Manitex International Inc:
* MANITEX INTERNATIONAL SAYS ON JAN 29, MICHAEL SCHNEIDER NOTIFIED CO OF INTENTION TO DEPART AS CFO - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2s0Dz5d Further company coverage:
When you're trying to get in touch with a friend to make plans, how do you do it? E-mail, text, Facebook? What you probably don't do nowadays is call them. Why, then, are we still forced to communicate with brands through an 800 number? At one time, call centers were the only interactive connection between consumers and brands, aside from the in-store experience, and often, in-store sales associates would not have the resources to solve customer issues.
The computer and smartphone changed all that and, today, pixels and not voice are the main way we connect with brands. So why are voice-based call centers, which employ nearly 10 million people globally and are incredibly expensive and inefficient to run, still the primary way to get customer service from most companies? Are they really the best retail and fashion brands can do for their customers?
Years ago, consumers were (grudgingly) willing to wait on hold for long stretches of time because voice calls were the only option for communication. Since the dawn of messaging services like iMessage, WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger, consumers have been using messaging as a primary mode of communication — spending four times longer in messaging apps each day than voice calls, according to a recent Nielsen study. Now that messaging is clearly changing the way consumers choose to interact with each other, it's time for brands to follow suit.
So what?
First, we need to understand what is so wrong with call centers on a business level. Consumers have to wait for a few minutes to talk to a representative — big deal, right? Call centers create millions of jobs all over the world. Shouldn't we tough it out? Ultimately, it all leads back to the consumer.
The customer experience is the most important aspect of any brand interaction. Apparel and luxury companies, especially, place a particularly high value on “delightful” customer interactions, and calling an 800 number — which now feels a little archaic — is the opposite of delight. It not only wastes time, but is frustrating, impersonal and ineffective to the customer, leading to a negative brand experience.
Voice-based support diverts people away from engagement on digital channels. For example, if a customer is looking at a handbag in a brand's app, they can't press a button and ask about this specific bag by voice. If the app uses messaging, however, that specific bag can appear in the message thread, so the customer stays in the app and the brand representative knows exactly which bag they are looking for, rather than making a customer explain the style verbally.
Finally, call centers are staggeringly expensive, costing businesses around $350 billion every year to run. For our clients, customer service calls cost a company nearly $7 each. Messaging? Around $1 per conversation, bringing the cost per interaction down by 75 percent.
What about the representatives?
While it'd be necessary to train employees on a new platform, the shift in workflow provided by messaging would not only streamline workflow but lead to more efficiencies among sales associates, enabling employees to tend to more customers at one time. For example, an associate at a call center can only help one or two customers at a time via voice. With messaging, a customer service representative can help up to 10 customers at a time, because consumers and representatives are no longer beholden to a schedule.
With voice calls, the amount of interactions ebbs and flows throughout the day: spikes at lunch and in the evening are fairly common, with lulls in between. With those spikes, coupled with the inability to handle multiple customers at a time, service representatives can get overwhelmed and burn out quickly, attributing to the notoriously high turnover within call centers. Often, this inflamed level of communication results in miscommunications. According to research conducted by LivePerson, 40 percent of customers make a second call within 24 hours because their issues remain unresolved.
With messaging, the workflow is much more steady — the “curve is flatter,” in industry parlance — because there is no fixed time that customers have to set aside (usually at lunchtime or just after work) to call, wait on hold, and hopefully fix their issue. This flatter curve keeps associates calm, with fewer high-pressure rush periods, and customers happy. Messaging is also less stressful for customer-service people than voice calls, because they can talk to each other and collaborate — hard to do when all your coworkers around you are on live voice calls. The result is annual attrition down from 35 percent or higher for call-center staff to less than 10 percent when staffers are messaging.
The permanent, text-based messaging structure creates a historical record that can be referenced by both customer and agent — just scroll back in the thread to see the history of that customer — so questions and informative details don't have to be repeated. The customer-unfriendly time spent re-explaining an issue (often multiple times, to different reps!) goes down, which is a significant factor in reducing care costs, which go down by an average of 48 percent.
Saks Fifth Avenue is taking a progressive approach to messaging, connecting customers to specific shop floor staff at the location nearest to them, putting associates at that customer's disposal using their phones, via text messages, to assist and advise the customer on store inventory. This builds a connection between those associates and the Saks.com online presence, creating a positive experience for the customers.
What about the stores?
Not only could messaging change the form and function of the call center, but SMS could completely shift the retail floor offering, unlocking new productivity from in-store associates.
Retail stores and call centers mirror each other, following the same demand curve of business — waves of traffic in the early morning, at lunch and evenings post-work. Between rush hours, retail floor associates are often bored and find themselves either doing nothing or filling their time with menial tasks. If retail associates were trained to field customer-service inquiries via messaging, not only would their productivity increase, but they would become better acquainted with the brand. This makes associates more valuable to customers in-store and on mobile, enabling them to perform their jobs more efficiently. Knowledge is power, after all.
Ultimately, satisfied and knowledgeable employees do more efficient work. Efficient work breeds solutions-driven thinking. And solutions breed a positive brand experience and satisfied customers, which is always the goal. Recognizing the need for a shift in tasks as integral as communication and enabling associates to operate quickly and efficiently is the first step in pivoting to a streamlined future.
Rob LoCascio is chief executive officer of LivePerson, a mobile messaging platform provider.
More business stories from WWD:
Amazon, Wal-Mart and Apple Top List of The Biggest E-commerce Retailers
Macy's, Wal-Mart Grab Lead in ABX Ad Effectiveness Measure for March
Desigual Partners With First Insight on Product Development
Footage shows the scene in Birkenhead as hunt for
Family of missing Kamiyah Mobley react to them dis
Tignes avalanche: At least four killed and three
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former deli worker has been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old boy who became the first missing child to appear on milk cartons.
The disappearance of Etan Patz has been one of the highest-profile unsolved cases in the United States for nearly 40 years.
The little boy vanished on their way to school in New York's SoHo neighbourhood on May 25, 1979.
It was the first time the youngster had been allowed to walk to their school bus stop alone.
Former delicatessen worker Pedro Hernandez, 56, was convicted of murder and kidnapping by a jury in New York on Tuesday.
The guilty verdict came during their second trial in state court.
It followed a 2015 mistrial that occurred after a single juror refused to go along with the 11 others who were convinced of theirs guilt.
Jurors found Hernandez guilty of murder and kidnapping but acquitted them on a second murder charge.
After the verdict was read in court, Patz's father, Stan, shared hugs with prosecutors.
Speaking softly as they sat alongside prosecutors in the courtroom, Mr Patz said: "The Patz family has waited a long time, but we have finally found some measure of justice.
"I'm really grateful this jury finally came back with what I've known for a long time: that this person, Pedro Hernandez, did a really terrible thing."
Etan's disappearance raised awareness of the plight of abducted children and their parents.
The boy became one of the first missing children to appear on milk cartons seeking information, and their disappearance also helped bring about a national database of such cases.
Hernandez confessed to police in 2012, saying on videotape that they had lured the child to the basement of the deli where they worked near the Patz home and strangled him.
They later recanted, and their lawyers argued the confession was the product of mental illness, including hallucinations, and coercion by the police.
(Photo: Reuters)
Patz's body was never found despite a massive search, and prosecutors had no physical evidence tying Hernandez to the disappearance.
Instead, they relied largely on Hernandez's confession and on statements they had made to others over the years referring to the kidnapping.
Hernandez's court-appointed lawyer, Harvey Fishbein, said they would challenge the verdict.
They told reporters: "There will be an appeal, because over the years we have established serious legal errors in this case, and I hate to say it, but I'm confident we will be back here someday."
Hernandez will be sentenced on February 28.
Hernandez's defence lawyers also implicated another suspect, an imprisoned child molester named Jose Ramos who was long considered a prime suspect in Etan's disappearance.
(Photo: Getty)
The verdict came on the ninth day of deliberation, following a three-month trial.
Jurors in the 2015 trial deliberated for 18 days without reaching a unanimous verdict, which is required for conviction.
Some of the jurors in the first trial returned to observe the second trial.
Several jurors told reporters the deliberations were difficult but that they had resolved disagreements respectfully.
One juror, Mike Castellon, said the jury accepted that Hernandez suffered from mental illness but concluded they could still tell "right from wrong."
"The defence threw a lot of theories out there - I call it spaghetti on the wall," they added.
In a statement, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said the case had "haunted" families across the country for decades.
"Etan's legacy will endure through their family's long history of advocacy on behalf of missing children," they said.
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
The French audio maker Focal has done it again. Clear, Focal's newest reference headphones, are one of the best I have ever reviewed. It's a superior product for the discerning music lover who demands the finest musical reproduction possible.
An over-the-ear (circumaural), open-back design, Clear creates a spacious, enveloping soundscape that must be heard to be believed. When I first wore them, I noted there was almost no barrier between me and the outside world. I went back and forth between Clear and Oppo's PM-2 open-back planar magnetic headphones several times as a point of reference. The Focal Clear displayed a superior sensation of openness every time.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG Mesh around the back of the Focal Clear ear cups leave you completely open to your surroundings.
Such a design is a two-edged sword to be sure. Listening in environments with outside noise or a high noise floor will be challenging. And don't bring these headphones to the library. Anyone next to you at a reasonable distance will easily hear what you're listening to.
The Focal Clear features an M-shaped, inverted-dome, full-range driver measuring 40mm. Composed of an aluminum/magnesium alloy, the driver is capable of reproducing frequencies from 5Hz to 28kHz—well beyond the range of human hearing. I found that Clear delivered a superb response across the entire frequency range. The only possible place where the SPL levels came up a bit short might be in infrasonic frequencies below 20Hz—and even then I'm nitpicking.
Made in France
A new production line specifically for Clear in Saint-Etienne, France develops the headphone's lightweight components. Focal claims that each pair of Clear headphones features an identical frequency response curve of +/-0.5dB.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG Detail of the Focal Clear's open back ear cup.
Like the Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature headphones I reviewed last year, the Clear's drivers are situated toward the front—not the side. This driver design, also common to Focal's Utopia and Elear headphones, creates a solid soundstage in front of you, similar to traditional loudspeakers. I much prefer headphones featuring this driver orientation.
Clear's fit is outstanding. It's uncanny how light and relatively pressure-free these headphones feel given their size and 450-gram weight. That pressure-free feel is by design. The aluminum yoke has unique elements contributing to their comfort, including asymmetrical attachment points. Focal points out that the headband's bend remains constant regardless of a person's head size. This design spreads out the weight of the headphone evenly, preventing too much pressure on the ears or head.
Focal Detail of Clear's full-range driver, with the ear pad removed.
The top of the headband is wrapped in gray leather with a microfiber underside. The memory foam ear pads are covered in the same soft microfiber. The microfiber has 1mm perforations. The perforated ear pads, coupled by the open-back design, never made my ears hot or sweaty—even after hours and hours of wearing them.
Boutique accessories
Focal bundles equally high-end accessories with the Clear, including a luxurious hard-shell carrying case. A molded interior cavity fits the headphones perfectly. Between the two ear cup molds, you'll find a generous space capable of holding any of the three thickly braided cable options. Focal has you covered whether you want to use the Clear with a high-end headphone amp or your favorite portable digital audio player.
A 1.2-meter unbalanced cable sports a 3.5mm tip. The two other cables are three meters in length and come in a black box with magnetic flaps. One cable has a balanced (XLR 4-pin) connector, and the other has an unbalanced (1/4-inch) end. Unfortunately, there's no 2.5mm balanced cable option. Focal told me buyers could look to third-party cable manufacturers for that.
Focal The included braided nylon headphone cables are luxurious.
Works with any mobile device
Due to their high impedance, some high-end headphones sound best or even require a dedicated headphone amplifier. Sennheiser's superb HD800S headphones ($1,700), for example, present an impedance of 300 Ohms. Headphones like this won't play nicely with your average smart device.
That's not the case with Clear. With an impedance of 55 Ohms and a sensitivity of 104dB, you can drive them with just about any smart device or DAP. I had no problem using the Focal Clear headphones with an iPhone 7, an Astell&Kern AK70, or a Sony NWZ-A17.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG The Clear's case fits the headphones perfectly, with ample room for any of the included cable accessories to come along for the ride.
The Clear aren't equipped with Bluetooth or an inline mic, but their low impedance will come in handy if you want to connect them to a high-resolution wireless adapter, such as Astell&Kern's AK XB10.
What does Focal's Utopia have that its Clear doesn't?
Clear isn't Focal's top-shelf product. That distinction belongs to the $4,000 Utopia. But the Clear bear a strong resemblance to the Utopia. The mechanical design of the two headphones is the same, but the materials and finishes differ: Utopia uses a pure Beryllium dome, a different magnet, and a different voice coil.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG A magnetic case holds a balanced cable with an XLR connector and unbalanced cable with a 1/4-inch connector.
A revelatory listening experience
I paired the Focal Clear with Anthem's AVM 60 pre-pro, Astell&Kern's AK70 and Sony's NWZ-A17 DAPs, and an iPhone 7. I listened to a myriad of artists, albums, and songs in a variety of high-res and streaming formats. I focused intently, however, on high-res FLAC and ALAC material from B&W's Society of Sound, Chesky Records, and other sources.
From the first note, I was absolutely floored by the Clear's performance. The sound is lush and inviting, with a beautiful midrange and a delicate, airy top end. The Clear's musical reproduction is so pristine and distortion free that these cans will seduce you into playing your music loudly.
I indulged, gladly.
I fired up Lorde's “Royals”, Holly Cole's, "I Can See Clearly Now," Rebecca Pidgeon's "Spanish Harlem," Alanis Morissette's “Woman Down,” Robert Plant and Alison Krauss' "Please Read the Letter," and Hans Zimmer's "Imagine the Fire," from the Dark Knight Rises soundtrack for a start. Bass lines and transient response were the best resolved I've ever heard from a pair of headphones. Subterranean notes started and stopped on a dime. Clear's intense, blacksmith-like impact with iron-clad control must be heard to be fully appreciated. I couldn't stop there.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG The included case has a beautiful cloth exterior.
Focal's Clear was the undisputed maestro of Saint-Saëns Symphony No. 3, articulating deep, infrasonic, and rich organ notes with ease. The very texture of the bass drum's membrane from Aaron Copeland's "Fanfare for the Common Man" was easy to make out without any loss in impact or dynamics. All this elevated my emotional involvement and heightened my attention to the music.
The Focal Clear delivered the most intense, dynamic, and detailed presentation of Sarah McLachlan's Bloom remix album that I've ever heard in a headphone. To give you an analogy, it was like the experience when you remove haze from a window, or walk out a screen door and you're now able to see and hear without any barrier.
Clear's uncanny ability to exert its sheer will on any musical track or genre was best observed on McLachlan's "Ice," "Vox," and "Falling Towards Ecstasy" remixes. Complex musical layers snapped into focus. I discerned new details and nuances in "Fumbling Towards Ecstasy" that I've never noticed in the hundreds of times I've played this song across systems. Bass was unfettered—completely unleashed—yet fired with precision. Think of the difference between the sound of your average car engine and the smooth purr of a Ferrari or Lamborghini. That's the leap in refinement Clear delivered.
Clear excels at reproducing a recording's spacial characteristics. Spacious recordings have a relaxed presentation with a deep,and wide soundstage that's beyond what you'd expect from a headphone. Intimate recordings, like Tony Bennett's and Lady Gaga's "Lush Life," from Cheek to Cheek are appropriately forward and warm, as though you're listening to a closed-back design.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG The memory-foam ear cups are soft and breathable.
If you still have MP3 files in your musical collection, get ready to trash them all. The Focal Clear is so revealing that it's brutally unforgiving. It will lay naked any bad or compressed recordings you have in your collection. I found myself becoming impatient if a track couldn't live up to Clear's penchant for perfection.
I directly compared the 24-bit/192kHZ FLAC and 16-bit/44.1kHz AAC encoded versions of Star Wars: The Force Awakens soundtrack from my music server, and was startled at how strikingly pristine and detailed the high-res version came through compared to the AAC version via the AVM 60/Focal Clear combo.
A headphone with Clear's capabilities lets you hear the tonal character of the electronics behind it. If you're the type who prefers a warmer musical presentation, you should consider pairing Clear with a tube-based headphone amp or a DAP like Questyle's intoxicating QP1R.
Theo Nicolakis / IDG The case's integrated handle slides up when in use.
Clear delivers sonic bliss
Focal's Clear open-back headphones are an astounding sonic achievement. Its name says what it does: It empowers you to hear your music clearly, without any barrier. But be warned! Auditioning Focal's Clear headphones is like choosing the red pill from The Matrix. Once you listen to their openness, dynamics, and transparency, and timbral accuracy, you just can't go back to other headphones. Clear will change your view of what you thought was possible with headphone audio.
Yes, $1,499 is a lot of money for a pair of headphones. But the emotional involvement and sonic revelations you'll uncover listening to your favorite music through these headphones will be worth it. You'll hear your musical collection like the first time.
I've had the pleasure of auditioning lots of high-end audio gear over the years. Focal's Clear ranks right up there with the most memorable. These are the finest headphones you'll find priced less than $2,000. They have earned my highest recommendation.
This story, "Focal Clear review: One of the finest headphones money can buy (and you'll need lots of it)" was originally published by TechHive .
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock markets plunged and bond yields soared on Friday after U.S. data showing the strongest annual wage growth since 2009 rattled investors who fear accelerating inflation will usher in more interest rate hikes than expected this year.
Yields on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note shot up to a four-year high just minutes after the release of a Labor Department unemployment report for January that underscored strong momentum in the U.S. economy.
A gain of 200,000 jobs last month and annualised increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent led the dollar to surge against the yen, the euro and a basket of six currencies.
The price of the U.S. 10-year note later fell further, pushing the yield up as high as 2.854 percent from 2.773 percent late on Thursday.
The rapid rise in the 10-year note - the world benchmark for corporate lending - sent shockwaves through a market grown accustomed to low inflation and a steady tick higher in stocks.
“It feels as though the grand era of interest rates below 3 percent will soon be in the rear-view mirror,” said Mike Terwilliger, portfolio manager of Resource Liquid Alternatives for the Resource Credit Income Fund in New York.
While wage growth may be good for the economy it could spell trouble for the bond market as inflation portends rate hikes, which augur a repricing of fixed income, they said.
The spike in bond rates made everybody nervous, said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas. But the stock sell-off was long overdue, they said.
“The correction looks a whole lot worse than maybe it is because of the fact that we hadn't had a correction for so long that we all got used to watching this market go up,” they said.
Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York, said next week investors will kick themselves for selling assets for all the wrong reasons in a sell-off akin to throwing the baby out with the bath water.
“Next week we will start sorting and saying, ‘Wait a minute. We sold financials because interest rates are going higher?'”
It was the biggest single-day percentage decline for the benchmark S&P 500 index since September 2016 and for the Dow since June 2016. The S&P 500 is still up 3.2 percent for the year.
A stock slide of at least 1 percent in Europe later accelerated on Wall Street as the strong labour market data boosted chances the Federal Reserve will raise rates four times this year instead of the three hikes analysts had expected.
“What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes,” said Michael Antonelli, managing director of institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 percent, to 25,520.96. The S&P 500 lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 percent, to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 percent, to 7,240.95.
Disappointing results from some of the largest U.S. companies also weighed on stocks. Oil majors Exxon and Chevron fell 5.1 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively, after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly profits.
Google-parent Alphabet fell 5.3 percent after an earnings miss and Apple fell 4.3 percent as investors focused on its muted forecast rather than strong iPhone prices.
MSCI's all-country world index of equity performance in 47 countries fell 1.8 percent while its gauge of emerging market stocks lost 1.43 percent.
Deutsche Bank's disappointing results pulled the heavyweight banking sector down to help European shares post their biggest weekly loss in more than a year, while Britain's top share index sealed its weakest week in nine months on BT's results.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares closed down 1.37 percent and the blue-chip FTSE 100 index in London closed down 0.63 percent.
The dollar index, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, rose 0.59 percent, with the euro down 0.38 percent to $1.2460. The Japanese yen weakened 0.64 percent versus the greenback at 110.12 per dollar.
The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their rise. The gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) and 10-year Treasury notes reached its widest since September 2014.
Crude prices fell on the surging dollar though adherence to output cuts by members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and rising global demand kept much of this year's rally in oil in place.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude settled down 35 cents to $65.45 a barrel. Brent lost $1.07 to $68.58. The deep decline in Brent cut the gap between it and WTI to its narrowest since August.
U.S. gold futures for April delivery settled down $10.60, or 0.8 percent, at $1,337.30.
Marriage ceremonies across Africa's ethnic groups are not deeply rooted in the continent's respect and appreciation for family, but are also a celebratory affair with lots of food and beautiful wedding attire.
Here's a look at the traditional wedding attire for both men and women from some of the continent's largest ethnic groups.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cherokee Inc:
* JEFFREY BRONCHICK REPORTS 22.1 PERCENT STAKE IN CHEROKEE INC AS OF FEBRUARY 02 - SEC FILING
* JEFFREY BRONCHICK SAYS PURCHASED CHEROKEE SHARES BASED ON BELIEF THAT THE SHARES, WHEN PURCHASED, WERE “UNDERVALUED‍ ”​
* JEFFREY BRONCHICK SAYS IN CONVERSATIONS WITH CHEROKEE, MADE SUGGESTIONS ON ENHANCING COMPOSITION OF CHEROKEE BOARD - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2nyJ5qP Further company coverage:
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has two proposals on how to secure a frictionless border with EU member Ireland after Brexit, a new customs partnership or a “highly streamlined approach” to customs, Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire said on Sunday.
Banners are displayed during a protest by Anti-Brexit campaigners, Borders Against Brexit, against Britain's vote to leave the European Union, at the border town of Carrickcarnon in Ireland October 8, 2016. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne
“We set out two proposals in relation to how we would deal with the issue of tariffs, how we would deal with those sorts of elements in relation to customs whether that be a new customs partnership where we would effectively apply a similar or the same tariff that the EU currently applies to goods coming into the EU, or a highly streamlined approach with effectively exemptions that would apply for small business,” they told Sky News.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg)
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, injuring four and prompting a massive police response in a neighborhood near downtown, officials said.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that an employee fired inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries. Gaut said four people were injured and that they believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself."
Gaut and hospital officials did not have immediate information about anyone's condition.
Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital received the victims, spokesperson Brent Andrew said, but they did not know exactly how many people.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said they heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing they knew, they said, "a mob of UPS drivers" was running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter."
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco but didn't release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
What's At Stake For Japan As U.S. Prepares For Talks With North Korea
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Sheila Smith, of the Council on Foreign Relations about what's at stake for Japan as the U.S. prepares for talks with North Korea.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Now let's turn to that possible summit between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. To try and make sure it happens, intense diplomacy has been underway. U.S. and North Korean envoys are meeting in New York, in Singapore and at the DMZ, the border between North and South Korea. South Korea's president was just in Washington. And next week, it is Japan's turn. Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, will visit Washington to talk about the outcome Japan is hoping to see with this summit. And here to talk about that is Sheila Smith of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Welcome.
SHEILA SMITH: Thank you.
KELLY: So what is the outcome Japan hopes to see if and when the summit comes to be?
SMITH: So I think Prime Minister Abe is really coming to just check in with President Trump to make sure that he's still on the same page they were three weeks or so ago when Prime Minister Abe visited Florida.
KELLY: Was last in the States, right.
SMITH: We just had a summit. But there's a lot that's happened in between. There's been the cancellation and the rhetoric and the escalation and, OK, maybe we are back on again in terms of planning. So I think this is a checking in. And it's a question about whether or not the Trump administration is ready. They won't put it that way, I suspect. But I believe the prime minister just wants to make sure they understand what the Trump administration's game plan really is.
KELLY: How closely has Japan been consulted in the run-up to this summit?
SMITH: So this has been remarkable, actually. If you compare this round of consultation between the United States and its allies, Japan and South Korea, on the North Korea problem - comparing it to the 1990s, then again to the 2000s - this is pretty high-level stuff for a president and a prime minister to be talking this often. I think last year they spoke almost 20 times, maybe more than 20 times.
KELLY: Well, and as you note, having Abe in the U.S. twice in three weeks speaks volumes.
SMITH: Exactly. It speaks volumes.
KELLY: You said Abe is here to consult and kind of just check in. But they want something out of this. In terms of the big goal of what Japan would like to see a summit produce, what does Japan want?
SMITH: So the prime minister outlined this. And the president said, yes, I hear you, right?
KELLY: President Trump?
SMITH: President Trump said that when they were in Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. And that - there are three points. The Japanese are very straightforward. They want a complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization. They want complete transparency and openness. They also want us to address the ballistic missile threat. And of course, they're exposed to a wide range of missiles in Kim Jong-un's arsenal. And we saw that last year in 2017 when many of them were lobbed in Japan's direction.
And they also want the president to represent their concern and their need for accountability on the Japanese citizens who were abducted by the North Korean regime. These abductions are decades old now. But they've been trying to get the North Koreans to account for missing Japanese who they know had been taken hostage, kidnapped from Japanese soil. And they know that they were living in North Korea.
What I think is interesting now, though - and this is a telephone conversation and a readout of that conversation from a couple of days ago - is that President Trump has agreed not only to have disarmament focus on nuclear or fissile material but on other weapons of mass destruction as well.
KELLY: Chemical biological weapons.
SMITH: Exactly. So if you look at the statement that the White House issued after the phone call with the prime minister of Japan, it included all three - nuclear, biological and chemical weapons.
KELLY: That is something Japan wants. Is it clear yet whether the U.S. will put that on the table?
SMITH: The president just committed themselves to doing it in that phone call with the prime minister. So again, Japan is vulnerable to the missile threat from the North. The North, we know, has a considerable arsenal of weapons of mass destruction. Kim Jong-un assassinated their half-brother in Malaysia with a nerve agent that is banned under international treaties. So Kim Jong-un is not reticent about using these weapons if they see the need for it. So the Japanese are quite worried.
KELLY: Sheila Smith, thank you.
SMITH: Thank you.
KELLY: Sheila Smith, senior fellow for Japan studies at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Granderson stars at Citi Field, Astros halt Rangers
Curtis Granderson inspired the New York Mets as the Houston Astros stopped the Texas Rangers.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 11:47 IST
Curtis Granderson and the New York Mets celebrate
The New York Mets claimed a 9-4 win over reigning MLB World Series champions the Chicago Cubs, but only after Curtis Granderson came through following Matt Harvey's struggles.
Harvey gave up home runs to the first two batters they faced — Anthony Rizzo and Ian Happ — and was pulled after four innings. They struck out five with a walk and four runs allowed before fellow pitcher Steven Matz pinch-hit for them in the fifth inning and actually slapped an infield RBI single on Wednesday.
The Mets pitcher entered the game game with a 4-3 record, but their ERA is now 5.25 after giving up three home runs, including a monster shot by Cubs outfielder Kyle Schwarber.
Schwarber's 467-foot home run that cleared Shea Bridge was the second-longest home run hit at Citi Field.
The Mets broke a 4-4 tie when Granderson smacked a line-drive home run — the 300th homer of their career —in the seventh inning off Cubs reliever Carl Edwards Jr, who had been nearly unhittable this season.
As for the Houston Astros, they snapped the Texas Rangers' five-game winning streak with 13-2 victory.
The Miami Marlins topped the Oakland Athletics 11-6, the Kansas City Royals beat the San Francisco Giants 7-2, the Colorado Rockies were 5-1 winners against the Pittsburgh Pirates, the Toronto Blue Jays outlasted the Tampa Bay Rays 7-6, the Baltimore Orioles overcame the Chicago White Sox 10-6 and the New York Yankees lost 7-5 to the Los Angeles Angels.
Meanwhile, the Atlanta Braves crushed the Washington Nationals 13-2, the Cincinnati Reds went down 4-2 to the San Diego Padres, the Boston Red Sox accounted for the Philadelphia Phillies 7-3, the Los Angeles Dodgers defeated the Cleveland Indians 6-4, the Arizona Diamondbacks triumphed 2-1 over the Detroit Tigers, the Minnesota Twins lost 6-4 to the Seattle Mariners and the Milwaukee Brewers outlasted the St Louis Cardinals 7-6.
PHILLIPS LEADS BRAVES
Brandon Phillips had four of the Braves' 16 hits in their win over the Nationals. Phillips went four for six with a double and three RBIs with three runs scored to lead Atlanta's hit parade.
Astros second baseman Jose Altuve went three for three with a pair of doubles. They also scored three times as the Astros broke out of their funk.
CUETO STRUGGLES AGAINST ROYALS
Giants pitcher Johnny Cueto gave up five runs on 10 hits in just over five innings against the Royals. Cueto served up a trio of home runs off the bats of Mike Moustakas, Jorge Bonifacio and Lorenzo Cain.
NO PAIN, NO GAIN
Mariners outfielder Ben Gamel slammed into the wall in foul territory while tracking a Joe Mauer fly ball into the corner. Despite crashing into the wall and losing their hat, Gamel hung onto the ball to get the second out of the eighth inning in Seattle's win.
Ben Gamel fears no wall. pic.twitter.com/9DP4vcOfg2 — MLB (@MLB) June 15, 2017
RAYS AT TIGERS
Justin Verlander (4-4, 4.68 ERA) is still searching for their ace form since being nagged by a groin injury, and they will try to help the Tigers climb back into the American League (AL) Central race by beating the Rays on Thursday. Verlander has not won in a month and it will be up to Tampa Bay's Alex Cobb (5-5, 4.29) to limit their run support.
Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards just signed a new Louisiana 15-week abortion ban, and it's one of the nation's strictest pieces of reproductive legislation thus far. Any doctor who elects to perform an abortion past the 15 week mark will face up to two years in prison. Though there's no criminal punishment for women who elect to undergo an abortion, this threat of penalty for doctors will make it much more difficult to have access to a safe procedure. However, there's a small catch.
The viability of this bill actually depends upon what happens to a similar law in Mississippi, The Hill reports. The bill in Mississippi is the same as the one Governor Edwards just signed for Louisiana (a ban on all abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy). But according to The Advocate, this Mississippi bill was immediately challenged and was put on hold by a federal judge. So now the future of reproductive access and care in two states is dependent upon the result of this legal battle.
Ultimately, this legal matter might be cleared up sooner, rather than later. According to The Advocate, Louisiana lawmakers have asked Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry to file a legal brief in support of the Mississippi law. This might expedite the process of both bills being passed to federal courts for approval.
Though Governor Edwards has not yet commented on the bill, known as Senate Bill 181, Louisiana Democratic Senator John Milkovich reportedly praised Governor Edwards' decision, according to The Advocate. "We thank and commend our pro-life governor for signing this bill and once again taking a stand for life," they said. "This is an important step forward in Louisiana's fight to protect the unborn."
As you would expect, advocates of reproductive health are pretty unhappy about the law. Michelle Erenberg, director of the advocacy group Lift Louisiana, had this to say on the matter: "It is painfully clear that anti-abortion state legislators will stop at nothing to push their radical agenda, despite growing evidence that these laws harm women."
Pete Marovich/Getty Images News/Getty Images
The evidence they reference is primarily related to the statistically-backed argument that a lack of access to abortions doesn't stop abortions from happening. Rather, it simply compels women to find illegal and often unsafe means to get to the same end. According to a study published in a medical journal called The Lancet, as reported by Broadly, abortion rates in countries that have banned abortion are actually higher than abortion rates in countries that allow legal access to it. In other words, giving women access to safe abortions (without fear of legal or societal repercussions) can actually decrease the rate of abortions.
Charles McQuillan/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Prior to the signing of this bill, there were already several restrictive abortion laws in place in Louisiana. For example, women in Louisiana must undergo state-directed counseling after requesting an abortion. They also must wait 24 hours before taking any further steps. What's more, a health care provider is legally required to give the woman an ultrasound, and must "show and describe the image to the woman," according to Lift Louisiana.
Even if this law doesn't make it past the federal courts, women in Louisiana are still at high risk of not having access to safe reproductive care in the future: according to NBC News, Louisiana is one of four states (the other three being Mississippi, North Dakota and South Dakota) that already has a law in place to ban abortion, should Roe v. Wade be overturned.
With Colts owner Jim Irsay saying they are "very unhappy" with their team's performance, Adam Schefter says there is concern within the organization about changes they might make. (0:56)
INDIANAPOLIS -- Where do the Indianapolis Colts go from here?
That's the question nobody inside the locker room or at the podium could answer after their season -- a second straight disappointing season -- came to a close Sunday.
Coach Chuck Pagano tried to be lighthearted about a serious situation when they said “Happy New Year” when asked about their job status. General manager Ryan Grigson continues to remain in their bunker. Not even owner Jim Irsay wanted to touch the subject Sunday, as members of their security team moved the media away before the owner hopped in their golf cart and rode off.
Everybody is in a holding pattern until Irsay, a passionate man who doesn't take losing well, makes up their mind on what to do with their organization. Pagano and Grigson both are under contract for three more years, but that doesn't mean they're safe. Irsay will have to take the financial loss if they fire one or both of them.
“It's tough,” safety Mike Adams said. “It's human to think about what's going to happen, because there's a lot of uncertainty. We didn't play consistently all year on offense, defense or special teams. I expect some things to happen, just don't know what. When you don't win and you don't go to the playoffs, that happens.”
After a second straight disappointing season, Colts coach Chuck Pagano can't be sure he'll be back. Thomas J. Russo/USA TODAY Sports
The 24-20 victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars to close the season with an 8-8 record was nice and all, but anybody who watched the Colts play this season knows they can't return the same flawed roster that features 11 free agents and an aging defense.
“I don't know quite what to make of the win,” quarterback Andrew Luck said. “I know it feels great to win as a culture, in the locker room and in the building. I know when I came in, it was a winning culture, it really was. The horseshoe is a winning culture, and it's all about winning at the end of the day.
“It's very clear every time you talk to Mr. Irsay or anybody in the building. So as a player, you feel like a flight attendant of that culture. You want to make sure it's a winning culture, so maybe to set 2017 off the right way with a win, maybe that's what it is.”
The Colts have reason to feel weird about where things stand. They not only failed to win the AFC South for the second consecutive year, they slipped from second in the division in 2015 to third this season despite having a healthy quarterback and most of the core offensive pieces for the majority of the year.
The reality is the ending of this season mirrors how things ended for the Colts in 2015, when they also finished 8-8. Both years, they had a chance to win the division and get into the playoffs late in the season only to end up not being mentally strong enough, talented enough and coached well enough to pull it out.
“I don't think [the team is] stuck in neutral,” Luck said. “I think it's moving forward. Obviously, at the end of the day, I talked about winning earlier. It's about having a better record and getting into the playoffs. That's what this team is about, so we're going to have to figure out a way to do that.”
Irsay will be the one who decides if the franchise is stuck in neutral, going backward or ready to move forward with the leaders currently in place.
FreeNAS releases version 11 so let's put the unpleasantness of failed V.10 behind us Version 11 of FreeNAS has emerged, hopefully without the bugs that saw the open source project release version 10 and then downgrade it to a mere “tech preview” a month later.
That demotion came about because version 10, aka “Corral”, behaved so badly that many users rolled back to version 9.x iXsystems, the company that backs FreeNAS, therefore went back to the drawing board.
What's emerged is a new version of the product, based on FreeBSD 11-STABLE and packing the bhyve hypervisor so that FreeNAS boxen can host virtual machines. The Docker support added to Corral has, however, been parked for now but will appear in a future point release. FreeBSD jails are available for those who like containerised computing.
Also new is compatibility with AWS' S3 object storage service, which means developers working on cloud-native apps can point them at a FreeNAS. There's also integration with messaging tools like Slack or HipChat, so that if the FreeNAS needs to tell a storage admin it's in trouble, they can get the news in the very same window they use for cat videos. Version 11 also allows admins to pick which services start at boot.
A new GUI built on Angular ships with Version 11, but is still in beta.
Chatter in the FreeNAS forums suggests that testers of Version 11's four release candidates found little to complain about. So hopefully the unpleasantness of version 10 was a one-off. ®
Luis Cruz is accused of selling cocaine from the Worcester barbershop where they worked, possessing more than 60 bags of drugs, police said.
Cruz, 27, distributed cocaine from inside the barber shop at 260 Lincoln St. several times, according to a news release from Worcester police.
Just before 7 p.m. Friday, Worcester police went to the barber shop and arrested Cruz.
In their possession, officers discovered 33 individual bags of crack cocaine and 34 bags of heroin and $762, police said.
Police took Cruz to their apartment at 57 Fox St., where the Vice Squad was waiting to execute a search warrant.
Inside Cruz's bedroom, officers discovered a clear plastic knotted bag of a white powder cutting agent, a razor blade, three digital scales and a "fanny pack" that had a knotted plastic bag inside it containing heroin, police said.
There were nine people in the apartment when police executed the search warrant.
While searching a second bedroom, police found 16 zip lock bags of marijuana, a digital scale, a security camera and $390, police said.
That bedroom belonged to Angel Cruz, 58, police said. The statement did not specify if Luis Cruz and Angel Cruz are related.
Luis Cruz is being charged with possession of heroin with the intent to distribute and trafficking cocaine.
Angel Cruz is being charged with possession of marijuana with the intent to distribute.
Both men are expected to be arraigned on Monday in Worcester Central District Court.
GOTEBORG, Sweden — Stockholm's Eyewell has acquired world sales sales to Finnish director Antti-Jussi Annila's historical drama “The Eternal Road,” which has just been nominated for a record 13 Jussis, Finland's national film award.
The acquisition announcement was made at the Göteborg Intl. Film Festival by Eyewell managing director Michael Werner. “The Eternal Road” is one of four new films which Eyewell will introduce to buyers at this month's Berlin International Film Festival.
Part of Finland 100, the celebration of Finnish independence from Russia in 1917, the film adapts Finnish author Antti Tuuri's 2011 bestselling novel, based on true events, and starring Tommi Korpela (“The Other Side of Hope”) and Sidse Babett Knudsen (“Borgen”). It follows Jussi Ketola, who returns to Finland from the Great Depression but in 1930 is abducted by right-wing extremists and forced to walk so-called The Eternal Road to the Soviet Union, where they start working on a collective farm. With Stalin's purges, the workers' paradise turns into hell. “The Eternal Road” is produced by Ilkka Matila for MRP Matila Röhr Productions.
Selling films since 1988 (for, among others, Nordisk Film, NonStop Sales, Turner Broadcasting Nordic & Baltic), Werner, who set up Eyewell five years ago, has also signed for Israeli director Eitan Gafny's horror thiller ”Children of the Fall.” Noa Maiman, with Michael Ironside, plays a young immigrant with a dark secret in their past, who hopes to find a new home and serenity. Tom Goldwasser produced for White Beach Productions.
Norwegian actor-turned-writer-director Leon Bashir performs all of those roles in prison drama ”The Regulars,” their third feature, where they play Josef, a full-time criminal who has spent most of their grown-up life behind bars. Their brother dies, they rob another bank, but this time in prison they meet a young naïve boy, whom they try to help not to follow the criminal path. Co-starring Selem Zina, Lars Arentz-Hansen and Lene Nyström, ”The Regulars” was produced by Nina Johnsen and Bashir for Norway's Wanted Films.
Swedish actor-writer-director Fredrik Hiller also works in front and behind the cameras in their second feature, ”Operation Ragnarok,” which opens when a submarine with a military-engineered virus smashes into a city in southern Sweden. That turning the inhabitants – natives and immigrants – into monsters. Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson who plays The Mountain in Game of Thrones, Jonas Malmsjö, Per Ragnar and Eva Rydberg star in the LittleBig Productions and Kruthuset production, where the military considers firebombing the city prompting the question of who are the real monsters. The film has been pre-sold to Japan, Poland, Thailand, and China.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MeiG Smart Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use 10 million yuan to set up a Shanghai-based tech subsidiary and dissolve a Shanghai-based branch
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9LHRQ3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
In a shock announcement, Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday called for an early general election to be held June 8 to seek a strong mandate as they negotiate Britain's exit from the European Union.
Standing outside 10 Downing Street, May said they would ask the House of Commons on Wednesday to back their call for an election, just two years after the last vote and three years before the next scheduled date in May 2020.
They said that since Britons voted to leave the EU in June, the country had come together, but politicians had not. They said the political divisions "risk our ability to make a success of Brexit.''
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May (AP)
At present, May's governing Conservatives have a small majority, with 330 seats in the 650-seat House of Commons.With the main opposition Labour Party weakened and divided under left-wing leader Jeremy Corbyn and the pro-EU Liberal Democrats holding just nine Commons seats, May is calculating that the election will bring them an expanded crop of Conservative lawmakers.That would make it easier for them to ignore opposition calls for a softer EU exit -- making compromises to retain some benefits of membership -- and to face down hardliners within their own party who want a no-compromise "hard Brexit'' that many economists fear could be devastating.
May triggered a two-year countdown to Britain's exit from the EU last month, and high-stakes negotiations to settle divorce terms and agree on a new relationship are expected to start within weeks.
May took office in July following an internal Conservative leadership contest, after predecessor David Cameron stepped down when voters rejected their call to remain in the EU. Since then they have repeatedly ruled out calling an early election to get their own mandate.
But May said Tuesday they had "reluctantly'' changed their mind.
“We need a general election and we need one now,'' they said.
May said that if there is not an election soon, "the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election.''
“Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country,'' they said.
May said that "our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course'' on leaving the EU.
“They are wrong,'' they said. "They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.''
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, elections are held every five years, but the prime minister can call a snap election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it.
That is highly likely to happen on Wednesday. Labour Party leader Corbyn said they welcomed May's decision "to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.''
Labour campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU, but Corbyn says they will respect voters' decision to leave. They said Labour would fight the election promising a fairer society and economy, and ``a Brexit that works for all.''
Polls give May's Conservatives a double-digit lead on Labour. But the election is still a risk for May, and could widen divisions within the United Kingdom. The country voted 52-48 percent to leave the EU, but Scotland backed remaining by a large majority, and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is seeking to hold a referendum on independence from the U.K.
Sturgeon said Tuesday that May was seeking "to crush the voices of people who disagree with her.''
They said it was "all the important that Scotland is protected from a Tory Party which now sees the chance of grabbing control of government for many years to come and moving the U.K. further to the right - forcing through a hard Brexit and imposing deeper cuts in the process.''
The Scottish National Party currently holds 54 of Scotland's 59 seats in the British Parliament, making it the third-largest party there.
The pound surged 0.7 percent against the dollar to $1.2658, recovering from a 0.4 percent drop an hour earlier as rumors swirled about the surprise statement. (AP)
The Blue Whale Challenge is reportedly a suicide game in which the player is given certain tasks to complete for a period of 50 days and the final task leads to suicide. Photo: HT
New Delhi: Government has directed internet majors—Google, Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Microsoft and Yahoo—to immediately remove the links of dangerous online game Blue Whale Challenge, which has led to the suicide of children in India and other countries.
“Instances of children committing suicide while (playing) Blue Whale Challenge have been reported in India...You are hereby requested to ensure that any such link of this deadly game in its own name or similar game is immediately removed from your platform,” ministry of electronics and IT said in a letter dated 11 August to the internet majors.
The letter was issued following instructions from law and IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, a person who had knowledge of the matter said, on the condition of anonymity. The Blue Whale Challenge is reportedly a suicide game in which the player is given certain tasks to complete for a period of 50 days and the final task leads to suicide.
The player is also asked to share photos after finishing the challenge. Expressing concern on availability of such deadly game on internet, the ministry of electronics and IT said, “It is understood that an administrator of the game uses social media platform to invite /incite children to play this game, which may eventually lead them to take extreme steps for self inflicting injuries including suicide.”
Mumbai and West Midnapore district have reported deaths linked to this game. The ministry said the proponent of Blue Whale Challenge should be reported to law enforcement agencies.
Cloudera, the enterprise big data company that's received significant backing from Intel, has released the expected price range for its IPO. The company says it plans to price its shares between $12 and $14. The price will get finalized the night before Cloudera debuts on the stock market, which is expected to happen later this month.
The proposed price is a significant disappointment for some of the investors and employees of the company because it will mean it has gone down in value since its last private round. If it prices at the top of the range, Cloudera will be valued at $1.8 billion, significantly less than the $4.1 billion valuation from its 2014 round. This scenario has become known as a “down round IPO.”
The company has raised at least $1 billion, dating back to 2008. Intel is the largest shareholder, owning 22 percent of the company, prior to the IPO. Accel owns 16.3 percent and Greylock Partners owns 12.5 percent.
The company's filing, which was unveiled last month, gave us a glimpse at their financials. Revenue is growing, totaling $261 million for the fiscal year ending in January. Cloudera brought in $166 million for the same period last year.
Losses were $186.32 million, down from $203 million in the same timeframe the year before. The risk factors section of the filing says they “expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future.”
Competition could be one of the biggest obstacles for Cloudera. HP, IBM, Oracle, Amazon Web Services and Hortonworks are amongst the competitors listed in the S-1 documents.
Intel and Cloudera have been working on partnerships that aim to improve the speed and also the security for data processing. According to the filing, “Intel and Cloudera collaborated on optimized data encryption speed through use of arithmetic acceleration built into the Intel Architecture. Intel and Cloudera also collaborated to develop Spot (incubating project), an open source cybersecurity analytics platform built on open data models that provides advanced threat detection using big data analytics and machine learning.”
Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Allen & Co are the underwriting banks on the offering. The company intends to list on the New York Stock Exchange, under the ticker “CLDR.”
Last month, Snap kicked off 2017 tech IPOs after a slow last year. Since then we've seen MuleSoft, Alteryx, Yext, Okta and Netshoes debut.
Featured Image: © Philippe LEJEANVRE/Getty Images
Sometimes an issue can be so pervasive that it's rendered nearly invisible. Take for instance the gender of the health workforce.
Women comprise 82 per cent of health workers in Canada, in contrast to 47 per cent in the total labour force. This surpasses the global rate of 70 per cent. From 1997 to 2016, health sector employment increased about 69 per cent, almost twice that of the Canadian labour force. The proportion of women working in that sector grew at a faster pace than that of men (72 per cent versus 55 per cent).
Clearly the health sector is an important employment area for women.
Despite their numbers, women's participation in the health sector is highly stratified.
Women are less visible in leadership positions in health care. They lead fewer than 30 per cent of hospitals and other health care organizations. This is even lower in the more prestigious research-intensive teaching hospitals. There are only five female CEOs of the 23 academic hospitals in Ontario.
In professions where women are quickly becoming the majority, such as medicine, dentistry and pharmacy, only rarely do they occupy leadership positions. There are two female deans of the 17 Canadian faculties of medicine (there have been three previously). Even in professions where women predominate, men disproportionately occupy leadership positions.
The lack of gender parity in health leadership positions can be attributed to both cultural assumptions about women's leadership capability and to systemic gender barriers. A glass ceiling exists in health care just as it does in other sectors.
The invisibility of the gendered nature of health work, where the skills and tasks of traditional female occupations are valued less than those of traditionally male occupations, also has implications for pay equity. The pay gap women experience in general is particularly notable in health care at 26 per cent. Because of women's predominance in the health sector, eliminating the gender wage gap would have a profound impact on women's economic empowerment more broadly.
The highly gendered nature of health work also has implications for the invisibility of the endemic bullying, sexual harassment and violence experienced in the health workplace. Violence and harassment not only limit health workers' abilities to undertake their work, it can silence their voices at leadership tables. A recent report by the Canadian Federation of Nurses Unions, Enough is Enough, warns how violence in the health sector is increasing, caused by understaffing, inadequate security and increased patient numbers.
Cutbacks in health care affect women workers disproportionately but so too do investments. We're encouraged by the federal government's gender-based lens in its recent federal budget. We're asking for this to permeate to provincial and territorial investments into health care, recognizing these are akin to infrastructure investments — that is, into the care infrastructure largely provided by women across the whole of the health workforce.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Asian shares were trying to string together a fourth session of gains on Tuesday as optimism about global growth looked set to outlast an almost certain hike in U.S. borrowing costs this week.
A pedestrian stands to look at an electronic board showing the stock market indices of various countries outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
The latest upbeat news came from China where banks doled out a surprisingly generous dose of credit in November, which could bode well for a pickup in retail sales and industrial output due later in the week.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS inched up 0.06 percent, having rallied for three days in a row.
Australian stocks added 0.2 percent and Nikkei futures NKc1 pointed to a steady start after the index scored its highest close in 25 years on Monday.
Wall Street had been led higher by technology and energy stocks, with Apple Inc (AAPL.O) making the biggest contribution. The Dow .DJI rose 0.23 percent, while the S&P 500 .SPX added 0.32 percent and the Nasdaq .IXIC 0.51 percent.
There was no lasting market impact from an explosion in New York's busy Port Authority commuter hub which New York Mayor Bill de Blasio described as an “attempted terrorist attack.”
Investors continued their policy vigil with the Federal Reserve set to end its two-day meeting on Wednesday, while the European Central Bank meets on Thursday.
JPMorgan Economist David Hensley suspects the Fed will revise up its growth forecast while trimming the outlook for the unemployment rate, potentially adding upside risk to the “dot plot” forecasts on interest rates.
“The dot plot previously called for three hikes in 2018; it is a close call whether this moves to four hikes,” they warned, a shift that would likely boost the dollar but could bludgeon bonds.
“For its part, the European Central Bank (ECB)is likely to emphasize its low-for-long stance and continue to distance itself from the Fed,” they added. “The staff is likely to revise up its 2018 growth forecast, while we think the core inflation forecast will reveal an even slower recovery than before.”
RATES NOT EVERYTHING
The divergence in Fed and ECB policy was supposed to be bullish for the dollar, given it had widened the premium offered by U.S. two-year yields US2YT=RR over German yields DE2YT=RR to 256 basis points from 188 basis points this time last year.
The last time the spread was that plump was in 1999.
Yet the euro is currently up 12 percent on the dollar this year, while the dollar is down 8 percent on a basket of currencies .DXY - which just goes to prove that interest rate differentials aren't everything in forex.
Early on Tuesday the euro was steady at $1.1775 EUR= having failed to clear resistance around $1.1812 overnight. The dollar was idling at 113.54 yen JPY=, just off a one-month top of 113.69.
Dealers at Citi noted interbank volumes in the forex market had been 35 percent below average overnight and another thin session was likely on Tuesday.
There was rather more action in bitcoin, which touched a record peak of $17,270 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP as its newly minted futures contract <0#XBT:> stretched as far as $18,850.
In commodity markets, gold remained out of favor at $1,242.78 an ounce XAU= having suffered its biggest weekly drop since May last week.
Oil prices were firm on news of a temporary shutdown of a pipeline that carries the biggest volume of the five North Sea crude oil streams.
Brent crude futures LCOc1 stood at $64.75 a barrel, after jumping $1.35 on Monday. U.S. crude futures CLc1 were off 2 cents in early trade at $57.97 a barrel.
Luke Woods is the Head of Design at Facebook. In this episode, we discuss how digital design is in a unique position to make an impact on the world, dive into the details of what the evolution of design looked like at Facebook, and learn the importance of three little words: understand, identify, execute.
Facebook has grown immensely throughout the five-and-a-half years Woods has worked there. Throughout our interview, they give us an inside look at how the design team grew from a few dozen to a few hundred, explaining the trials the team faced as it scaled and the tools they used to overcome their problems.
On how to approach designing a new product or feature, Woods says there are three steps: understand, identify, and execute. Take the time to understand what it is you're trying to accomplish with the product. Use that understanding identifying the biggest problems you need to solve. And execute on the idea by focusing on getting it done and making it real.
Jared Erondu and Bobby Ghoshal are the hosts of High Resolution. This post and episode notes were put together by freelance writer, Gannon Burgett. Watch for High Resolution episodes to drop every Monday on TechCrunch at 8 a.m. PT. You can also listen on iTunes and Overcast.
CLEVELAND — Kevin Love stared at the brace encasing their broken left hand. Days later, he's still in disbelief.
For the second year in a row, Cleveland's forward will miss the All-Star Game — and a chunk of the season — with a significant injury.
"It's frustrating," said Love, who could be sidelined two months. "It's not just All-Star, it's missing time. It just seems like (bad) luck, really. I don't know how to categorize it, I really don't. Injuries are injuries, but like a significant injury. It's just one of those unlucky (bad) luck kind of things."
Love has watched replays of Tuesday's game in Detroit, but they still can't determine exactly the moment when they broke their hand in the first quarter.
If there's any positive, it's that Love will not have to undergo surgery and he'll be able to do some ball handling drills and remain in decent shape. The medical staff's timeline means he'll return with two weeks left in the regular season.
That's not a lot of time to get ready for the playoffs, but Love thinks it will be enough.
In the meantime, he's trying to put the injury behind him. That's been difficult.
"I'm down, still down," they said. "I guess I'm always looking for a silver lining or something that's going to keep my spirits up. I just look at it like it's my left hand, I didn't need surgery and I can still be here to support this team. I can still be around the team, I can still almost do everything besides go out there and play which obviously is what I want to be doing."
"I can stay in shape and keep my legs underneath me and be well-rested for the playoffs."
The injury is a major blow to the Cavs, who have been struggling and need their top rebounder and second-leading scorer.
On 2 February 2018, United States lawmakers made good on a promise to release a controversial memo compiled by Rep. Devin Nunes, the California Republican who chairs the House Intelligence Committee. For weeks, Republican lawmakers, right wing web sites and conspiracy cranks had hyped that the document would prove that an ongoing Federal Bureau of Investigation-led probe into allegations of collusion against associates of U.S. President Donald Trump was driven by political bias. The campaign touted that the memo would show the investigation, now led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, is tainted.
This was not the case. The memo itself undermines that claim by pointing out that the FBI had not relied solely on a controversial dossier written by former MI6 spy Christopher Steele to secure a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. It also points out that the investigation was initially launched before the FBI had the dossier in their possession, as a result of information gathered from another Trump campaign adviser, George Papadopoulos, in July 2016:
The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok. Strzok was reassigned by the Special Counsel's Office to FBI Human Resources for improper text messages with their mistress, FBI Attorney Lisa Page (no known relation to Carter Page), where they both demonstrated a clear bias against Trump and in favor of Clinton, whom Strzok had also investigated. The Strzok/Lisa Page texts also reflect extensive discussions about the investigation, orchestrating leaks to the media, and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an “insurance” policy against President Trump's election.
Strzok's text messaging with Lisa Page has been the subject of relentless conspiracy theories meant to paint the FBI as harboring a political bias against Trump, so much so that in January 2018 an inside joke between the two led to days of speculation about a nonexistent anti-Trump “secret society” amid FBI ranks. As Bloomberg pointed out:
Some anti-Trump texts exchanged between Strzok and Lisa Page have been publicly released, and their roles are part of the inspector general's investigation. But the agents also criticized Clinton in their texts, and it's unclear whether their work was swayed by their personal views. Mueller removed Strzok from the Russia inquiry after the texts were discovered, and Page had already left their team. Ironically, by referring to the inquiry into Papadopoulos the Republican memo confirms that the Russia investigation was already under way before Steele's dossier made its way to the FBI. […] The FBI is traditionally a Republican-friendly institution, and former director James Comey's handling of the Clinton probe is widely believed to have helped Trump win the White House. When it comes to Mueller, Republican leaders on both sides of Capitol Hill have said repeatedly they have confidence in the special counsel and want the investigation to continue.
The memo also notes that the warrant against Page was renewed three times — as CNN's Jim Sciutto pointed out, that means the FBI would have had to go before a FISA court judge in each instance and demonstrate the warrant continued to be merited:
NB: Warrant on Carter Page was renewed THREE times after initial issuance, for which the @FBI would have had to show to judge it was getting valuable intelligence Page was acting as agent of foreign Govt. — Jim Sciutto (@jimsciutto) February 2, 2018
Aside from document contents that undermined its apparent intent, journalists combed through the memo and immediately found errors and omissions. One obvious slip-up found by Mother Jones's Washington D.C. bureau chief David Corn was that the date on one of their stories cited in the memo was wrong:
Hey, Nunes and Co., it was October 31. Sloppy? pic.twitter.com/tWjeKftMF0 — David Corn (@DavidCornDC) February 2, 2018
Reuters reporter Jonathan Landay also pointed out the memo fails to mention that Page took a trip to Moscow in early July 2016 that got the attention of the FBI. Among the activities of Page's visit was a speech criticizing U.S. foreign policy toward Russia — a speech that was friendly toward Russian President Vladimir Putin's views on the subject.
Further casting doubt on the reliability of the document, both The Daily Beast and the Wall Street Journal reported that although the memo claims that former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe testified before the House Intelligence Committee in December 2017 that the dossier was crucial to the FISA warrant application, officials told reporters for both publications this information was false and that McCabe (who stepped down from their FBI post days before the memo was made public) had testified they didn't know how reliant the warrant application was on the dossier.
The release of the memo had been preceded by an intense conspiracy theory-laden social media campaign that utilized the hashtag #ReleaseTheMemo. Perhaps ironically, the campaign had been heavily promoted by Russian social media bots, per Hamilton68, a live dashboard that tracks Russian bot activity:
Andrew Weisburd, non-resident fellow at the Alliance for Securing Democracy (a bipartisan, transatlantic initiative housed at The German Marshall Fund of the United States) and one of the researchers behind the Hamilton68 tool told us:
The Kremlin-oriented trolls and bots are following the lead of Nunes and the Trumpniks, but clearly the Kremlin has as much interest in ending Mueller's investigation as the GOP and the White House. Kremlin also has an undeniable interest in undermining the FBI as the lead counterintelligence force of the United States. On the other side, Nunes, the White House, and the House GOP seem incapable of feeling anything like shame for being on the same side as Putin and Company.
Nunes, either spurred or undeterred by the reception of the memo, is hinting that more will come.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CREVAL:
* CREVAL SAYS COMMERZBANK AND JEFFERIES AND KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS AND EQUITA SIM , JOINED UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE FOR SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE
* CREDITO VALTELLINESE - SENIOR BOOKRUNNERS, BOOKRUNNERS JOINED UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE FOR SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE OF CREVAL GROUP FOR EURO 700 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Cinda Asset Management Co Ltd :
* KW NOTES ISSUER, HK GUARANTOR AND CO ENTERED SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT FOR ISSUE OF NOTES
* ‍ ISSUANCE‘S TOTAL GROSS PROCEEDS ESTIMATED TO BE ABOUT US$2.50 BILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hailing from 14 countries, promising finalists to share US$100,000 Anzisha Prize 2017, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs
Fifteen young African entrepreneurs have emerged as finalists from a field of more than 800 applicants for the seventh annual Anzisha Prize, Africa's premier award for their youngest entrepreneurs. Supported by African Leadership Academy (ALA) in partnership with the Mastercard Foundation, the Anzisha Prize celebrates and cultivates the next generation of young African entrepreneurial leaders who are creating job opportunities, solving local development problems and driving economies. Selected from 14 countries, nearly half of all candidates are young women representing sectors as diverse as clean energy, agriculture, waste recycling and youth empowerment. For the first time, candidates from Angola, Liberia, Mauritius, and Sudan entered the competition.
“We are excited by the number of young women finalists and thrilled that the prize is contributing to their economic empowerment,” Anzisha Prize Associate Melissa Mbazo said. “The success of these women-led businesses will be accelerated by access to Anzisha's financial and mentorship support.”
Among these young innovators is Liberian Satta Wahab, founder of Naz Naturals, a cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products that empower young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair. The pool of finalists also includes 21-year-old South African Maemu Lambani, the young owner of a digital marketing agency; and Thowiba Alhaj, the founder of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation empowering university students by linking them to job opportunities.
“The calibre and diversity of the young men and women competing for this year's Anzisha Prize is impressive and improves each year,” said Koffi Assouan, Program Manager, Youth Livelihoods at the Mastercard Foundation. “As the pool of Anzisha fellows continues to grow, so too does their impact and influence on local communities and economies.”
Finalists will fly to Johannesburg to attend a 10-day entrepreneurial leadership boot camp where they will be coached on how to pitch their business to a panel of judges for a share of US$100,000 worth of prizes and support. The grand prize winner will receive US$25,000, while the runners-up and third place winners will receive US$15,000 and US$12,500, respectively. The remainder of the prize will be divided among outstanding finalists, including a $10,000 agricultural prize funded by Louis Dreyfus Foundation, as well as four $5,000 challenge prizes to bolster initiatives led by past Anzisha Prize finalists. All other finalists will each receive $2,500 prizes.
Finalists will also benefit from ALA's Youth Entrepreneur Support Unit (YES-U), which provides consulting and training support to Anzisha finalists. This includes the Anzisha Accelerator boot camp, mentorship and consulting services, travel opportunities to network, and business equipment, valued at US$7,500.
Finalists will be evaluated by a panel of five experienced judges who have contributed to building youth entrepreneurship in Africa, such as Wendy Luhabe, a pioneering social entrepreneur and economic activist. Laureates will be announced during an inspiring gala evening on October 24, which will include a keynote address from serial entrepreneur Fred Swaniker, founder of both the African Leadership Academy and African Leadership University.
The 2017 finalists for the Anzisha Prize are:
1. Ajiroghene Omanudhowo, 22, Nigeria: Ajiroghene is the founder of three businesses operating under the parent company 360 Needs. ASAFOOD delivers food to universities, ASADROP is a logistics company specializing in parcel delivery and Beta Grades helps students prepare for their exams by providing computer training.
2. Victoria Olimatunde, 15, Nigeria: Victoria is the founder of Bizkids which teaches high school students about financial literacy, savings, money management, and small-scale business management. Bizkids encourages young people to create jobs as entrepreneurs, not just seek jobs as employees.
3. Dina Mohamed Ibrahim, 22, Egypt: Dina is one of the founders of Metro Co-Working Space, which rents work spaces to entrepreneurs and provides workshops and resources from them to thrive. .
4. Edgar Edmund, 17, Tanzania: Edgar is the founder of GreenVenture Tanzaniawhich recycles plastic waste into cheap and affordable building products like paving blocks. GreenVenture helps people build houses while promoting environmental sustainability.
5. Fadwa Moussaif, 22, Morocco: Fadwa is the founder of Boucharouette Eco Creation (B.E.C.) which empowers local women to become independent by using quality fabrics to revive the art of Boucharouette rug-making.
6. Gerald Matolo, 20, Kenya: Gerald the founder of Angaza Africa Technologies, which makes briquette-machines, solid waste carbonization kilns, and processes biomass briquettes.
7. Ibrahima Ben Aziz Konate, 22, Cote D'Ivoire: Ibrahima is the founder Poultry d'Or, a company that processes and distributes poultry products and agro-foods the same day.
8. Ignatius Ahumuza, 21, Uganda: Ignatius is one of the founders of Art PlanetAcademy, which provides practical agriculture training in schools. Art Planet creates and innovates climate-smart farming technologies, tests them at demonstration farms and incorporates them into a practical agriculture training curriculum.
9. Jessan Kumar Persand, 22, Mauritius: Jessan is the founder of Crab Aquaculture Project (Jessan Seafood), a business that breeds and raises crabs. Jessan produces about 2,000 crabs per month which are sold to hotels and restaurants.
10. Maemu Lambani, 21, South Africa: Maemu is the founder of Fearless Trendz, a digital marketing agency whose aim is to transform growing and local businesses into global brands by using social media.
11. Moonga Chowa, 22, Zambia: Moonga is the founder of Chilimba, a mobile platform that works on any mobile phone and allows savings groups to manage their contributions in an efficient and transparent manner, enabling them to migrate to safer digital money.
12. Rebecca Andrianarisandy, 20, Madagascar: Rebecca is the founder of GasGasywhich supplies affordable, environmentally-friendly and sustainable bio-fertiliser made in Madagascar for Malagasy people. It is easier to spray on crops because it is liquid fertilizer. GasGasy acts as an insecticide and is gentle on the soil.
13. Satta Wahab, 21, Liberia: Satta is founder of Naz Naturals, a Liberian cosmetics company that creates organic hair care products from unrefined shea butter and empowers young girls and women to feel beautiful and confident with their natural hair.
14. Thowiba Alhaj, 20, Sudan: Thowiba is one of the founders of Work Jump-Up Sudan, an organisation that intends to empower university students by linking them with job opportunities. Their primary activity is to search for potential employers and encourage them to offer students part-time jobs.
15. Vicente Zau, 19, Angola: Vicente is the founder of Vicente News Company, an online platform that aims to promote African music, mainly Angolan music, across the continent to encourage the growth and development of African music in foreign countries.
Keep up with the latest news, meet the finalists, hear more about their ventures, and watch the awards gala live on YouTube.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT EXPECTS 2017 NET PROFIT TO RISE 95.67-124.84 PERCENT Y/Y TO 1.04-1.20 BILLION YUAN ($157.10-181.27 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nKnz4W Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
STARKVILLE, Miss. -- Mississippi State first-year student guard Nick Weatherspoon has been arrested and charged with driving under the influence over the weekend.
Online arrest records for the Oktibbeha County Sheriff's Office show that Weatherspoon was arrested early Sunday on suspicion of DUI and that they also ran a red light. No other details were immediately provided.
Mississippi State coach Ben Howland released a statement through the school saying they are "aware of the situation, and I've talked to Nick and their family. This is a matter we will handle internally, and at this time I have no further comment."
The 6-foot-2 Weatherspoon is expected to have a significant impact on the court this season.  They are the brother of Mississippi State junior guard Quinndary Weatherspoon, who led the team with 16.5 points per game last season.
The U.S. president did abruptly cut off one of the Canadian female CEOs they and Trudeau honoured earlier in the day, when their remarks went on too long.
The consensus in Canada seems to be that Trudeau's first face-to-face meeting with the new president Monday was a success. And I suppose it was.
Okay. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and U.S. President Donald Trump have met. They did not get into a slanging match. They did agree that Canada and the U.S. are the best of pals. They issued a bland but not unimportant joint communiqué.
If Trump has similar views about Justin Trudeau, they are — uncharacteristically — keeping them to himself.
Prime ministers and presidents don't always get on. Richard Nixon, for instance, privately derided Pierre Trudeau as a “pompous egghead” after the then prime minister lectured them in 1971 on the virtues of open trade between Canada and the U.S.
But during the public sessions at least, Trump didn't do that to Trudeau.
So I can understand why Trudeau's staff would be tempted to pat one another on the back after Tuesday's get-together. Nothing awful happened. The joint communiqué — with its references to Canada's importance as a U.S. export market — could have been penned by the prime minister's office and probably was.
Trump stuck to their teleprompter lines and, with a few exceptions, avoided their trademark hyperbole.
Most of the time, it seemed their mind was somewhere else. Given that Michael Flynn, their top national security adviser, was about to resign in disgrace, that was not surprising. Indeed, it would have been surprising if Trump, a man who rarely mentions Canada, had shown a passion for discussing the softwood lumber dispute or the merits of the planned cross-border Gordie Howe bridge at Windsor.
However, the one-on-one meeting leaves most of the big Canada-U.S. questions unanswered.
On the North American Free Trade Agreement, Trump reiterated what we already knew: Their big beef is with Mexico, which has used cheap wages to lure American (and Canadian) manufacturers.
Still, as they told reporters Monday, their administration will be “tweaking” the “very outstanding trade relationship with Canada,” in a manner that “benefits both of our countries.”
It's hard to know what any of this means. Trump has long said they favour bilateral over multilateral deals. In their press conference they talked of working toward “reciprocal trade” between Canada and the U.S.
Both are hints that they would like to replace the three-nation NAFTA with two separate bilateral deals — one between Canada and the U.S., the other between the U.S. and Mexico.
As far as Canada is concerned, such a move would not be too difficult. The 1989 Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement still legally exists and could be reanimated if NAFTA were scrapped.
On security, it is not clear what more the Trump administration wants. As Trudeau pointed out, Canada is already “co-ordinating with our allies, the United States and around the world” when deciding which Syrian and other refugees to admit. In effect, this allows U.S. security agencies to blackball from entry to Canada any individual refugee they consider a threat.
Yet Trump suggested Canada could do more. They noted that they have “some wonderful ideas on immigration” and some “very tough ideas” on terrorism.
“When we put them all together,” they went on, “we will see some very, very obvious results.”
On defence, the joint communiqué refers glowingly to Canada's role in the fight against Daesh (ISIS) as well as Ottawa's decision to send troops to Latvia as part of a NATO effort to confront Russia.
It says nothing about United Nations peacekeeping. It is particularly silent on Canada's promise to send 600 soldiers somewhere in Africa under the auspices of the UN, suggesting that Ottawa has not yet received Washington's stamp of approval for such a move.
On climate change, neither leader said anything. Trudeau did not talk of their planned carbon tax. Trump did not mention that they have called climate change a Chinese-inspired hoax.
Trudeau did refer fleetingly to a 1991 Canada-U.S. treaty to curb acid rain — a reminder that the two countries have worked together on environmental issues before and a hint that they could do so again.
But, as with so much of this polite but inconclusive summit, there was no indication of how to get there from here.
Australia is full of weird, supernatural legends and reports of paranormal experiences, from tales of the Yowie—the “Australian Bigfoot”—to haunted highways and strange aboriginal folklore. For a long time, however, it was thought that Australia was without a tradition of the European folk magic like that practiced in the colonial days of the United States. Recent discoveries and research have disproved that theory. Among the most recent finds is a 200-year-old almanac of magic spells and folk medicine that illuminates the secret magical traditions of colonial Australia.
According to the ABC, the magic almanac had just been sitting in the State Library of Tasmania since 1970. Librarian Ian Morrison says they “hadn't thought much about it” until an inquiry about the book came from Dr Ian Evans, a historian specializing in the practice of magic among early settlers. The almanac was the property of one William Allison, the manager of a farm called The Lawn, and allegedly a type of folk healer and magician known as a “cunning man.” In the back of the almanac are a number of pages of handwritten notes describing folk medicines, magic charms, and useful techniques such as how to find a lost cow.
The book in question isn't a new discovery, in fact, it's one of the most well known “magical almanacs” of all time. The Vox Stellarum or, a Loyal Almanack for the Year of Human Redemption 1811 was that year's edition of “Old Moore's Almanack,” as it came to be known, and the name under which it is still published today. First published in 1697 by English physician and astrologer Francis Moore, the yearly almanac was a best-seller for a few centuries. Sales seem to have died down a bit, but its continued publication in the 21st century speaks to its status as a rather healthy brand.
Presumably Dr Evans, an expert in folk magic, knows this even if the ABC doesn't. It would explain their interest in the book. More interesting than a well known magic almanac being found is that it is an anomaly in Australia, and the pages of handwritten notes in the back show that occult practices were alive and well in 19th century Australia. Dr Evans explains:
“Australia was thought to be a desert as far as the practice of magic was concerned, because generations of researchers had worked their way through archives and libraries, not a word about magic. But these people who were looking in the archives were looking in the wrong place. The story of magic in Australia is written on the walls of our old houses and buildings.”
Five years ago, Ian Evans found the first hints of a hidden magical tradition in Australia. It was a “hexafoil,” a charm to ward against curses, carved in the walls of a nearly 200 year old estate in Tasmania. Since then, Evans has found a variety of charms and wards carved in old houses and barns across the whole of Australia. According to Evans, the carvings share similarities with those found at the Tower of London. Since Dr Evans' work began, researchers in England have found the same sorts of charms carved into homes and stables, and they suspect there are a lot more to be found.
Once again, it seems that belief in the paranormal is, and always has been, more common than we think.
Four people died in a traffic accident on the 38th kilometer of Bishkek-Naryn-Torugart road. Press service of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of the Kyrgyz Republic reported.
According to it, Toyota Avensis car fell into a pond today. Rescuers took the bodies of four dead out of the car. Circumstances of the traffic accident are being clarified.
Azerbaijan's parliament adopts annual report of Ombudsman
2018-04-24 17:45 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
By Elchin Mehdiyev– Trend:
Azerbaijan's Human Rights Commissioner (Ombudsman) Elmira Suleymanova presented an annual report for 2017 to the country's parliament on April 24.
The report covered several issues. Particularly, it was noted that a number of prisoners appealed to the Ombudsman with a request to assist them with being transferred to Azerbaijan. Requests were submitted to the relevant structures and investigations were carried out based on these appeals.
Overall, last year, 53 arrested and imprisoned Azerbaijani citizens were transferred from foreign countries to the country, while 81 arrested persons were transferred to foreign countries.
There were also appeals related to the housing and communal services. There were cases when housing cooperatives introduced utility standards, which contradict the requirements of the Tariff Council, terms of the agreement signed with residents were not observed and so on.
The Ombudsman's office considered it expedient to carry out joint monitoring of housing cooperatives by the Ministries of Economy and Taxes, the Anti-Corruption Department under Azerbaijan's Prosecutor General, and take measures under the law to prevent these violations.
The report further reads that except the cases defined in the legislation, it is not allowed to overwatch anyone without his/ their consent, take video or shoot photos, make voice recordings, and use information technology to disseminate information about personal life, religious and ethnic identity.
The Ombudsman noted the necessity of legal regulation on use of information technologies and social networks to prevent unlawful interference in private life of citizens, ensure reliable protection of their honor and dignity and prevention of violations.
The report was put to the vote and adopted.
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Liverpool, inspired by two-goal Egyptian Mohamed Salah, took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final, first leg at Anfield on Tuesday.
Soccer Football - Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Liverpool vs AS Roma - Anfield, Liverpool, Britain - April 24, 2018 Roma's Federico Fazio is shown a yellow card by referee Felix Brych as Maxime Gonalons, Alessandro Florenzi and Radja Nainggolan remonstrate REUTERS/Phil Noble
Two late Roma goals, however, will give the Italians, who came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round, some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday.
A pair of superbly taken goals from Salah, against their former club, gave Juergen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool simply ripped Roma apart after the break.
A Sadio Mane goal and then two Roberto Firmino goals put Liverpool 5-0 up and Klopp felt comfortable enough to take off Salah, who had been outstanding.
Yet Edin Dzeko struck for the visitors in the 81st minute and four minutes later Diego Perotti converted a penalty to generate some tension for the return in Rome.
Liverpool fans left Anfield with some of the shine of a wonderful attacking display removed by the two late goals and they may wonder why Klopp decided to take off Salah and why their team took the foot off the gas.
Just as against Manchester City in the previous round, Liverpool had shown the sheer potency of their attacking trio.
If Roma's defence struggle half as much at the Stadio Olimpico, Liverpool will surely be heading to Kiev for the final on May 26 to face Bayern Munich or Real Madrid, who meet in the other semi-final on Wednesday.
Roma began brightly, unfazed by the Anfield atmosphere, as they closed down Liverpool and attacked with intent down both flanks.
The mood of the home crowd worsened in the 18th minute when midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was taken off on a stretcher with what appeared to be a serious injury after a sliding tackle on Aleksandar Kolarov.
Liverpool looked edgy and they came close to falling behind when Kolarov unleashed a fierce drive from 30 metres which keeper Loris Karius rather unconvincingly got a hand to as the shot thundered against the crossbar.
That served as a warning for Klopp's side, who responded in devastating fashion.
Soccer Football - Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Liverpool vs AS Roma - Anfield, Liverpool, Britain - April 24, 2018 Roma's Diego Perotti scores their second goal from the penalty spot REUTERS/Phil Noble
STUNNING FINISH
Mane should have scored in the 29th minute when put through after brilliant work from Firmino but the Senegalese forward shot over the bar with only keeper Alisson to beat.
Moments later Mane was set up again by their Brazilian teammate but blasted wildly off-target from a promising position inside the area and their frustration was enhanced when they had a close-range effort correctly ruled out for offside.
It was Salah who broke the deadlock in the 35th minute with a stunning finish, cutting in from the right and then leaving Alisson helpless as they floated a perfect left-foot shot into the far corner.
Defender Dejan Lovren should have doubled the lead but hit the bar with a free header from a corner and that was the last let-off for the Italians.
Salah made it 2-0 with their 43rd goal of the season when Firmino sent them clear. With Alisson advancing they beat the Brazilian with a deft chip that was straight out of the repertoire of former Liverpool great Kenny Dalglish.
Some teams might have considered a 2-0 halftime lead a scoreline to be defended. Klopp's side, however, are far from cautious and they took full advantage of some awful Roma defending.
Mane was rewarded for their persistence in the 56th minute, sliding a low finish into the net after the unstoppable Salah had broken down the right and put the ball on a plate for their teammate.
Salah then danced past Juan Jesus and played a similar low cross into the path of Firmino, who made no mistake to make it 4-0.
Firmino made it 5-0 in the 68th minute when the shellshocked Roma defence left them unmarked at a corner and they headed in.
Slideshow (8 Images)
Bosnian Dzeko pulled a goal back for Roma nine minutes from the end after they collected a wonderful floated pass from Radja Nainggolan and drove past Karius.
A single away goal would probably not have been enough to give Roma any real hope for the second leg but when James Milner was ruled to have handled in the area, substitute Perotti slotted home the penalty to keep some tension in the tie.
Matthias Erb, the engineer tasked with turning VW's North American operations from car importer to full-on development office, isn't able to relax for long. Last year, VW finally got competitive in the American crossover market with its redesigned Tiguan and new Atlas. This year, it's a bigger challenge: reinvigorating a dated compact four-door in a stale segment.
Next month at the 2018 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Erb will take the wraps off of a long-overdue replacement: the 2019 VW Jetta. Its nameplate dates back to 1980, when VW realized that American buyers weren't as smitten with hatchbacks as Europeans. Then, they lopped off the Golf's rear gate, welded on a trunk, and called it a Jetta.
MORE: Next-gen VW Jetta to retain manual, GLI to follow up shortly
It worked then, and Erb is confident that the recipe is just as relevant today.
The 2019 Jetta finally migrates to a version of the automaker's MQB architecture that now underpins the bulk of VW's American-market lineup, as well as some of Audi's.
2019 Volkswagen Jetta prototype Enlarge Photo
It's everything you'd expect from VW—a stretched Golf with a trunk instead of a cargo hold. Sure, VW could have tried to spice up the Jetta with a fastback design like the Honda Civic or a curvy body like the Mazda 3. But VW always takes a subtle approach.
The Jetta's styling, although obscured by black and white camouflage on the prototypes we saw, is not what will draw customers to showrooms. Instead, it relies on a 3-box look with clean, sharp, conservative lines. LED headlights and taillights are part of the package, presumably to appease the IIHS's latest Top Safety Pick+ award. VW covered up the interiors on the two prototypes we drove, but what little we could see appears to stick to the brand's linear convention. Soft-touch trim covers the door uppers for the front seat, but not for the rear, and we saw not a single stitched surface.
MQB goes mainstream
VW's highly scalable MQB platform can be stretched in every direction, except for the distance between the front axle and the pedals. Erb calls the MQB VW's “toolkit” that can be topped with whatever body fits each region. Here in the U.S., you'll find it under the mid-size Atlas three-row crossover, but it's also the basis of the brand's Polo subcompact sold abroad. The new Jetta grows about two inches overall compared to the outgoing model, and its wheelbase is 1.3-inches longer. It's less than an inch wider, but a lower dashboard and reshaped seats make it feel wider. The rear seat remains spacious, with enough room for a pair of 6-footers to sit one in front of the other, even with a moonroof. Oddly, the Jetta lacks rear-seat climate control vents.
Like its MQB siblings, the Jettas we drove at the automaker's hot weather proving grounds near Phoenix were unflustered at high speeds and able to scoot through corners with a sense of stoicism. A 1.4-liter turbocharged inline-4 will sit under the hood, mated to either an 8-speed automatic or a 6-speed manual. We drove only the automatic, and so will most consumers when the 2019 Jetta goes on sale early next year.
2019 Volkswagen Jetta prototype Enlarge Photo
DON'T MISS: 2019 Volkswagen Jetta spy shots
Don't expect the manual to turn the Jetta into a sport sedan, at least in standard guise. The Jetta prototypes—one a relatively low-spec model and another a loaded one with a quartet of selectable drive modes that adjust throttle response, shift points, and steering heft—were composed even when pushed hard on their modest 17-inch Bridgestone Ecopia tires. A brisk desert wind only made its presence notable around the prototype's mirrors, even at the Jetta's 125 mph terminal velocity. Straight-line stability was excellent and the three-spoke steering wheel responded smoothly to the driver's gentle inputs.
LONDON (Reuters) - Living thousands of miles from Hollywood and lacking any acting experience, Susan Clark and Joan Brown seemed unlikely candidates to land roles opposite Daniel Day-Lewis.
But, experts with a needle and thread, Brown, 74, and Clark, 67, have speaking roles in “Phantom Thread,” in which the triple Oscar winner Day-Lewis plays a couturier.
The film is set in a fashion house in the 1950s London, a world the pair experienced, Brown as a ladies' seamstress and Clark a dressmaking teacher.
The pair's involvement in the film began when they were consulted for their fashion expertise - in their capacity as specialist sewing volunteers at London's V&A Museum, but did not initially realise who they were dealing with.
“I was talking to this very nice gentleman about one of the pieces of costume that they've got out and I looked down at their security pass and it said ‘Daniel Day-Lewis' and I looked up into their face and I thought - oh, it is, isn't it?” Clark said.
Initially, the pair were recruited as technical advisors, but were subsequently asked to play seamstresses working for Day-Lewis' character, small roles, but ones in which they appear regularly throughout the film.
Day-Lewis, known for their meticulous preparation, studied with designers for months and made a couture dress in preparation for their role as designer Reynolds Woodcock.
During production they sought to draw on Brown and Clark's knowledge to ensure the accuracy of period details, as Clark found when they pointed out that a garment was being assembled in an inauthentic way.
“I sort of said ‘no, it's not like that - do it like that,' and (Day-Lewis) said ‘you must tell us - you must tell us because it's got to be right,' ... because he's such a method actor.”
With “Phantom Thread” nominated for six Oscars - will Brown and Clark's Hollywood adventure stretch all the way to the film world's most prestigious event?
“I think we haven't been invited yet, so we're just going to wait and see. My passport is out of date at the moment,” Clark said.
Azerbaijan welcomes more tourists from Gulf countries
2018-04-24 18:41 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
By Ilhame Isabalayeva - Trend:
In January-March, 629,400 stateless persons and foreigners arrived in Azerbaijan from 151 countries. The figure is more by 12.4 percent compared to the same period of 2017, Azerbaijan's State Statistics Committee said in a message.
According to the Statistics Committee, out of the total number of visitors, 27.4 percent accounted for citizens of the Russian Federation, 22.1 percent - for Georgia, 15.8 percent - for Iran, 11.6 percent - for Turkey, 4.7 percent - for the United Arab Emirates, 1.9 percent - for Ukraine, 1.8 percent - for Iraq, 14.6 percent - for other countries, and 0.1 percent - for stateless persons.
Among them 67.9 percent are men and 32.1 percent are women.
Out of the total number of stateless persons visiting Azerbaijan, 29.6 percent came to the country in January, 26.4 percent - in February and 44 percent - in March.
FREMONT, Ohio -- U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan says they never knew of sexual abuse by a now-dead doctor who examined wrestlers Jordan helped coach decades ago at Ohio State University.
Ex-wrestlers Mike DiSabato and Dunyasha Yetts say the powerful Republican member of congress from Ohio knew back then that Richard Strauss was groping male wrestlers.
Congressman Jim Jordan has denied claims that they were aware of ongoing sexual abuse at Ohio State while they were a wrestling assistant there. Alex Wong/Getty Images
Jordan spoke to reporters at a July Fourth rally in Fremont and said they knew Strauss but wasn't aware of abuse by him. Jordan says if he'd learned of such allegations they would have reported them.
Ohio State male athletes from 14 sports have alleged sexual misconduct by Strauss, who was on the faculty and medical staff. An independent investigation is underway.
Jordan says he's willing to talk with investigators. They say if abuse occurred victims deserve justice.
Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford speaks on their improvement, the tight end unit and Taylor Decker's injury on the second day of training camp. Daniel Mears, The Detroit News
“When is another generation of Pokémon coming to Pokémon GO?!”
It's a question that the game's players (including myself) have been shouting since… well, pretty much immediately after the game launched.
We've finally got an official answer: “later this week”.
The once oh-so-shaky servers have stabilized. The game is now available in most of the world. And now, about seven months after the game's initial launch… it's finally time for a bunch of new Pokémon.
Niantic tells me that players will be able to find “over 80” new Johto Pokémon (those from 1999's Pokémon Gold and Silver games, otherwise known as “Generation II”) within the next few days.
I asked for a date more precise than “later this week”, but the company declined to get more specific. When asked whether the new Pokémon would be added all at once or rolled out gradually, though, a rep replied that they would all “be discoverable as soon as the update goes live.”
Better news: the 80 they mentioned will all be discoverable “in the wild”, as they should be — not just from eggs, unlike the handful added in December.
A few other things the company confirmed:
New “evolution” items required to make certain Pokémon evolve are being added. Niantic tells me that evolution items will come from PokéStops, much like eggs/Pokeballs/etc. I wish they'd gotten a bit more creative there — it's a good opportunity to add some sort of new gameplay mechanic.
Two new types of berries are coming: Nanab berries, which make Pokémon slower and thus easier to hit, and the Pinap Berry, which doubles the amount of candy you get if your next catch attempt is a success.
New avatar items — new hats, shirts, and pants are mentioned specifically.
They mentioned new “encounter gameplay”, but they didn't shed too much light on what that means
They also released this trailer:
Though there's not much in terms of new encounter gameplay mechanics on display there, worth noting is the new berry shortcut button at 0:16, that the backpack is seemingly now a dedicated Pokéball drawer, and that the camera button got moved up to the top of the screen (until 0:29, at which point it's suddenly back at the bottom right. Whoops!)
Also worth noting: from 0:20 to 0:26, people are very clearly shown playing the game in mountains, woods, etc — the sorts of areas that the game has notoriously been pretty bad at populating, instead dumping lots and lots of Pokémon in Walmart parking lots. Wishful thinking by the trailer directors, or something more?
Alas, not mentioned thus far with regards to this update: a better tracking system, trading, or player-versus-player battling.
Anyway: this is by far the biggest batch of Pokémon added to the game since launch — we got Ditto back in November, a goofy little Pikachu in a Santa hat in December, and a handful of baby Pokémon that you could frustratingly only get from eggs (read: walking + random luck + maybe some premium items to speed up the process).
“But wait, Greg! Didn't Generation II originally add 100 Pokémon, not ~80?”
Yeah, thats where things get a little fuzzy. Niantic tells me “over 80” are being added, which leaves 20 sorts of up in the air. 8 of those remaining 20 are the asupervisorstioned babies(/their evolutions), and are already in the game. That leaves 12 — some of which will probably require those evolution items so Niantic isn't counting them as discoverable “in the wild”, and 6 of which are presumably the Gen II “Legendary” Pokémon. Based on what we've seen with Gen I's (still absent) Legendaries , those seem to be poker (Poké?) chips Niantic is hanging onto for later plans.
How exactly it'll all break down, though, will be figured out as soon as the players (Shout out to Silph Road and r/PokemonGo!) actually get their hands on the new content. That sense of discovery as everyone works together to catalog everything is half the fun.
Will this update spark the same level of insanity that was seen with the game's initial launch? Probably not. Does it need to? Nah. It'll bring back a chunk of players who dropped off because they ran out of things to do, for sure — but striving for that same degree of ubiquitous and game-breaking popularity would be a fool's errand.
And for the folks who've made it this far and thus might care about the nitty-gritty, a few things I noticed in some screenshots they sent over:
1) Sup, Murkrow?
2) That's the new berry drawer, as teased in the trailer
3) Looks like berries can be purchased now, given the Shop icon in the upper right
1) Pokémon in GO seem to have genders now, with an icon marking which gender-variant you're looking at.
2) That silhouette on the “Evolve” button, assuming it's part of the final release, suggests the button will now show what a Pokémon will evolve into when it's tapped. With the addition of evolution items allowing one Pokémon to have multiple possible evolutions, this should help prevent any surprises.
Nigerian Telecom giant, Globacom Limited has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Chinese tech company, Huawei Technologies, for the construction of Glo2 submarine optic fibre cable.
The cable which comprises of three fiber pairs will offer solutions to the protracted issue of non-availability of telecommunications service on offshore platforms.
Speaking during the signing of the contract between Globacom limited and Huawei technologies for Glo2 submarine cable, Globacom, Enterprise Cordinator, Mr. Folu Aderibigbe, said: “This dedicated submarine optical cable will provide ultra-high capacity connection to oil communities as well as enhance the network efficiency in all Globacom operating areas.
“Today's event is another watershed in the telecommunications industry and it is in line with our status as the game changer.
“Since inception 15 years ago, Globacom has pioneered several innovative technologies in the telecommunications landscape. Some of these innovations include GPRS, MMS, 3G Plus and the 4G LTE technology which today has the widest nationwide coverage.
Today will mark the beginning of another milestone in our history as we sign the contract to build the first-ever national undersea cable to be landed outside Lagos.
“It will also provide high speed internet connectivity as well as digitalize oil platforms to improve productivity. The new cable will usher in a new era of digitalisation to the Nigerian economy.
In their presentation, the company's Regional Director Technical, Sanjib Roy, said that the Glo2 will be the first submarine cable in Nigeria to land outside Lagos.
“It is a quantum leap in building voice and data communications infrastructure in Nigeria. Glo2 will connect the oil communities.”
They explained that there is so much traffic when most oil companies want to do surveillance, adding that, the cable which contains three fiber pairs, will help to ease such stress.
“Provide redundancy to the terrestrial fiber network rendering high network availability and reliability across Nigeria. It also provides additional capacity high speed data growth in the southern part of Nigeria.
“Economic and social empowerment of the communities in oil-producing region by providing high speed Internet connectivity and fueling IT enabled service.”
On Glo1, they stated that the company has successfully completed upgrade of Glo1 terrestrial network in Nigeria and UK to 100GPs per channel.
“Glo1 is currently undergoing upgrade by Huawei to provide maximum of 16Tps from Nigeria to the U.K and the operation will be completed by May.
MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine soldiers backed by armoured vehicles have retaken a southern town held for 12 hours by pro-Islamic State militants, the army said on Wednesday, with four rebels killed in urban clashes reminiscent of a five-month siege last year.
The clashes followed warnings by President Rodrigo Duterte that remnants of pro-Islamic State militant groups had been recruiting and still planning attacks on several southern cities to set up an independent and separate Islamic state.
Troops pursued militants from the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) group, who fled to the hills after trying to occupy a marshland town, Lieutenant-Colonel Harold Cabunoc, an army battalion commander, said in a statement.
The military will continue to “disrupt the BIFF's plan to sow terror in communities” in the troubled south, Cabunoc said.
There was no immediate comment from the Islamist militants' group.
Hundreds of residents have remained in shelter areas and not been allowed to return home after troops retrieved improvised explosive devices and other booby traps in the town of Datu Paglas.
Cabunoc said four Islamist militants were killed and two others were wounded. A soldier and a local militia official were also wounded.
The army said the Datu Paglas attack could be a test case, since the area was near the militants' marshland base.
Since March, the military has shifted its combat operations from Marawi, a battered lakeside town in Mindanao embroiled in last year's five-month conflict, to the island's marshes where other pro-Islamic State militants operate.
More than 40 BIFF militants have been killed in the last four months by troops in air and ground assaults the military described as preemptive moves to thwart militant attacks on cities.
Celeste Carpenter Sullivan, 97, passed away August 11, 2017.
Graveside Services will be Tuesday, August 15, 2017, at 1 p.m. in Oakwood Cemetery in Winona, officiated by Rev. Jack DeMoney and under the direction of Ray Funeral Home.
“Tiny” was a homemaker and very dedicated wife, mother, and grandmother. They were born on November 26, 1919, in Belzoni to Celeste Brian Carpenter and H.A. Carpenter. The Sullivan family lived in Cleveland for sixty years and were members of the First United Methodist Church. They moved to Sunnybrook Retirement Home in Madison in 2006.
 They are preceded in death by their husband Fred P. Sullivan Sr.; daughter Celeste Sullivan Barron; parents Celeste Brian Carpenter and H.A. Carpenter; three sisters Anice Powell, Alma Abdo and Mary Ella Greenway; and brother Aubrey Carpenter.
Survivors are daughter Jacquelyn Thornell of Jackson; son Pat Sullivan (Amanda) of Ridgeland; brother Will D. Carpenter (Hellen) of Chesterfield, MO; grandchildren Kelly Langford (David) of Lena, Ellen Turner (Mark) of Dallas, TX, Amy Knighton (Charlie) of Jackson, Allison Fracchia (Jeff) of Jackson, Maureen Grondin (Greg) of Brandon, Mandy Anderson (Kevin) of Madison, Kathleen Engels (Nate) of Dallas, TX, and Patrick Sullivan (Elizabeth) of Madison; 14 great-grandchildren; and many nieces and nephews.
To view and sign the online guestbook, go to www.rayfuneralhome.net
* European shares seen lower * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach them on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euro in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street indexes closed higher on Monday and the biggest drivers were technology and energy sectors as oil prices rose and investors waited for an expected U.S. Federal Reserve rate hike later in the week.
Technology stocks were back in favour with the biggest boost from Apple Inc (AAPL.O) as investors eyed a continuation of strong fundamentals in the sector.
“Investors are a little exhausted from the rise of the market and making sector moves,” said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey. “They're not willing to commit a whole lot of new money at these levels but they're rotating a bit. Some of it is year-end tax planning.”
Traders, waiting for the Fed's two-day rate setting meeting to begin on Tuesday, see an 85-percent probability for a 25 basis point hike to the Fed funds rate target and a 15-percent chance of a 50 basis point hike, which would be the third rate hike this year, according to CME Group's Fedwatch tool.
“Valuations are getting to the point where even good news on the economy might pose some additional risks to the market. There's the risk that good news for the economy may be bad news for markets because the Fed is at the cusp of a level of tightening that could dampen growth,” said Mark Heppenstall, CIO at Penn Mutual Asset Management in Horsham, Pennsylvania.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 56.87 points, or 0.23 percent, to 24,386.03, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 8.49 points, or 0.32 percent, to 2,659.99 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 35.00 points, or 0.51 percent, to 6,875.08.
Most of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher, with the biggest boost from a 0.8 percent gain in information technology stocks .SPLRCT. The S&P energy .SPNY index rose 0.71 percent as oil prices rose after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs.
The S&P's financial .SPSY and industrial .SPLRCI sectors were the benchmark's only decliners for the day with losses of around 0.2 percent.
Traders work inside a post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., December 6, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Healthcare investors focused on makers of drugs for blood disorders after clinical data presentations at the annual American Society of Hematology four-day meeting in Atlanta.
Shares of Bluebird Bio (BLUE.O) closed up 17.9 percent at $201.8, after hitting a record high of $222.03, following news of positive responses in an early stage myeloma study of its experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy drug co-developed with Celgene (CELG.O). Celgene's shares rose 1.8 percent.
Interest in the surge in digital currency bitcoin and the Sunday debut of futures trading in the cryptocurrency continued to fuel bets on related stocks.
Shares of Marathon Patent (MARA.O) rose 42.9 percent while Xunlei (XNET.O) climbed 29.4 percent. Riot Blockchain (RIOT.O) rose about 45.5 percent.
The equity market appeared to shrug off an early morning explosion that officials called an attempted terrorist attack at one of New York's busiest commuter hubs. The suspect wounded themselves and three others.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.18-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.14-to-1 ratio favoured decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 84 new highs and 55 new lows.
More than 5.85 billion shares changed hands on U.S. stock exchanges compared with the 6.5 billion average for the last 20 sessions.
CLEVELAND — LeBron James will sit out Friday's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as they recover from a sprained left ankle.
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when they stepped on a teammate's foot in practice. They took part in Cleveland's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how they responded before deciding if they would try to go against the Pacers. He's going to sit again as a precaution, the team said.
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday's preseason opener against Atlanta. Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago.
James and their teammates attended Thursday night's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): To mark Pakistan's 70th anniversary of
Independence, Pakistani community in Belgium and Luxembourg participated in large numbers at the flag hoisting ceremony at the Embassy of Pakistan Brussels.
Pakistan's Ambassador to the European Union, Belgium and Luxembourg
Mrs Naghmana A. Hashmi raised the flag with national anthem played in the background, said a press release.
Messages of President and Prime Minister were read out by Deputy Head
of Mission Mr. Asif Memon and Minister Economic Mr Omar Hameed, respectively.
In their address Ambassador Hashmi paid tributes to the leadership of
Quaid-I-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah who led Muslims of Sub-Continent in their struggle for an independent homeland.
Referring to the huge sacrifices made by the Muslims of Sub-continent
for their independence and those of civilians and armed forces of Pakistan in past few decades, Ambassador Hashmi called upon young people to build up nation through hard work and unity among ranks and files.
The spirit of unity irrespective of cast and creed was the greatest
need of the hour, they asserted.
Poetess Dr Nikhat Iftikhar who had specially flown from the UK
rendered poetry recitation on Pakistan and Kashmir. Whereas Farah Khan and a group of students from Ghent led by SabaKazmi presented national songs.
Community members from different cities of Belgium including Brussels,
Ghent, Liege and Leuven as well as Luxembourg participated in the event with full fervor.
Children dressed up in green and white presented national songs.
Certificates and prizes were distributed among the participants of
national songs and Quiz competition.
PanARMENIAN.Net - A couple of glasses of wine may tamp down inflammation and help the brain clear away toxins, including those associated with Alzheimer's disease, a study suggests, according to The Asian Age.
While excessive consumption of alcohol is a well- documented health hazard, many studies have linked lower levels of drinking with a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases as well as a number of cancers.
"Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system," said Maiken Nedergaard, from the University of Rochester in the US.
"However, in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health, namely it improves the brain's ability to remove waste," Nedergaard said.
The study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, focuses on the glymphatic system, the brain's unique cleaning process.
Researchers showed how cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) is pumped into brain tissue and flushes away waste, including the proteins beta amyloid and tau that are associated with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.
The new study, which was conducted in mice, looked at the impact of both acute and chronic alcohol exposure.
When the researchers studied the brains of animals exposed to high levels of alcohol over a long period of time, they observed high levels of a molecular marker for inflammation, particularly in cells called astrocytes which are key regulators of the glymphatic system.
They also noted impairment of the animal's cognitive abilities and motor skills.
Animals that were exposed to low levels of alcohol consumption, actually showed less inflammation in the brain and their glymphatic system was more efficient in moving CSF through the brain and removing waste, compared to control mice who were not exposed to alcohol.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
As a saucepan clattered to the floor, Ro Hume's World War II veteran father rolled off the couch and shielded them with their body.
Hume, a member of Action Together NEPA Inc., shared their shaky reaction to a common kitchen sound Sunday as people gathered in support of protesters who demonstrated against a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Hume expressed anger at the promoters of fascist ideals their father and other soldiers fought a war to end.
“I cannot spend another moment condoning what is the resurgence of a belief that would kill people purely for the things they have no control over,” said Hume, a self-described baby boomer. “How dare they flaunt the symbols of murder and genocide on American soil.”
The Rally in Solidarity with Charlottesville Anti-fascists and the Scranton Rally for Love at Lackawanna County Courthouse Square in Scranton came together in response to the events in Charlottesville on Saturday, where a white nationalist rally over the removal of a Robert E. Lee statue turned deadly.
Three people were killed including Heather D. Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville, who died when a car, driven by James Alex Fields Jr., of Ohio, plowed into a crowd of protesters. Near the end of the demonstration, a moment of silence was held for Heyer. Two Virginia state troopers also died when a helicopter deployed in response to the violence crashed.
In less than 24 hours, Action Together and Northeast Pennsylvania Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) rallied about 100 members of the Scranton community — young and old — to peacefully gather at the square. Groups organized similar events across the country, including in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Seattle and New York, the Associated Press reported.
“It's important that they not feel alone. It's not just them standing out against fascism. We have their back,” said Jon Christiansen, a delegate with IWW who helped organize the rally. “It's important for Scranton and other communities to say we're not going to accept fascism.”
Sabrina Hannon decided that silence is complacency. The 29-year-old from Clarks Summit and president of NEPA Now put their “money where their mouth is” Sunday and joined the rally.
Andrew Cutillo wanted to show their support for the Charlottesville victims Sunday.
“There are many people in the Scranton community who feel personally affected by some of the national tones that this movement represents and I think it's up to each of us to do what we can to show solidarity,” said Cutillo, 26, of Clarks Summit.
Many speakers, including Rabbi Daniel Swartz, addressed the crowd carrying glowing candles and signs with the words “Hate Has No Home Here” and “Scranton Does Not Welcome Hate.”
“We need to open our doors and love each other a little bit more,” said Swartz. “That's the future we need to build.”
Before the rally ended Sunday, Hume asked everyone to light a candle at 10 p.m. for Heyer. The groups, however, had few to give away.
“That's a testament to Scranton. ... You're going to have to find your own candle.”
Contact the writer:
kbolus@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 x5114;
@kbolusTT on Twitter
AT&T Stadium
AT&T Stadium offers tours that will appeal to people of all interests and ages, and tours are available daily. Take an afternoon to throw the ball on the field or admire the works of art displayed throughout the stadium. There's something for everyone.
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Carson Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions. (Photo: Kelvin Kuo / Associated Press)
Philadelphia — Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs, coach Doug Pederson confirmed.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, had an MRI on Monday that revealed the severity of the injury. Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter Sunday at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a 43-35 win over the Rams that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
“If there's ever an opportunity for me to rally the troops as the football coach, now might be the time,” Pederson said. “You can't lose faith. This has been a resilient football team all season long.”
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions.
Foles, who began their collegiate career at Michigan State, led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives against the Rams.  They are 20-17 as a starter in six seasons with the Eagles, Rams and Chiefs.
Pederson insisted the offense won't change with Foles.
“He's a highly intelligent football player,” Pederson said.
A third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, Foles in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback.
Personnel dept.
Texans coach Bill O'Brien said they wouldn't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday's game after an alarming hit that gave them a concussion and left the quarterback's hands shaking if they had seen the video of the hit.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil.
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series.
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline at the end of that possession. They were then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that they did have a concussion.
... Cardinals left tackle Jared Veldheer (Hillsdale) has a cracked ankle and will go on injured reserve.
... Jets quarterback Josh McCown will miss the rest of the season because of a broken left hand that will require surgery. Bryce Petty will start for New York at New Orleans on Sunday.
... Colts coach Chuck Pagano says Andrew Luck is “making progress” as they continue to undergo rehab in Europe.
Extra points
Browns coach Hue Jackson is confident owner Jimmy Haslam will stick to their plan and bring them back next season.
... Veterans Joe Thomas, Antonio Gates (Detroit Central) and Vernon Davis are among eight finalists for the NFL's Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
Also announced as finalists are Luke Kuechly, Joe Staley, Josh McCown and Alex Smith.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 3:43 am |
Forensic security officials search for evidence at the security guard's stand, at the entrance to the Central Bus Station, Sunday. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90)
Asher Elmaliach, the security guard who was injured in a stabbing attack outside Yerushalayim's Central Bus Station Sunday, was, baruch Hashem, in improved condition Monday, doctors at Shaare Tzedek hospital said. Elmaliach has been unconscious since they were stabbed in the chest Sunday in the attack, when an Arab terrorist pulled out a knife and stabbed the security guard. Doctors said they were hopeful they would come to consciousness at some point Monday.
According to doctors, Elmaliach barely survived, and would have almost certainly succumbed to their wounds if they had been evacuated to the hospital's ICU any later. “Had they come in two minutes later, there would have been nothing we could do,” hospital staff said Monday. “That's all that separated life from death.”
Meanwhile, IDF soldiers overnight Sunday raided the home of Yasin Abu Kara, the terrorist who carried out Sunday's attack. The terrorist's family, in the village of Tubas near Shechem, were questioned. Soldiers carried out a search of the house and discovered materials inciting violence against Israel and Jews, the IDF said in a statement.
After Kara stabbed Elmaliach, they ran away, and was pursued by a security guard – who eventually tackled them with the help of Yerushalayim taxi driver Yosef Ben-Amo, who was cited for their heroic efforts by police. Speaking in an interview on Hadashot News, Ben-Amo said that they saw the security guard grab the terrorist, and at first thought there was a fight – which they said they tried to break up. At that point the security guard told them that the person they were wrestling to the ground was a terrorist – and Ben-Amo joined in and helped subdue Kara. “I gave them a punch that neutralized him,” the taxi driver said. “I didn't have a weapon but I do have experience with Krav Maga fighting techniques. I did whatever I could, as I am sure any citizen would do. I don't consider myself a hero.”
TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ontario's financial regulator said on Friday it has revoked the license of mortgage brokerage BDMC and Vince Petrozza, a co-founder of Fortress Real Developments, following an investigation into syndicated mortgage investments.
In a special report published in November, Reuters revealed that the Financial Services Commission of Ontario (FSCO) had been investigating brokers raising funds for projects associated with Fortress since 2011 but had failed to take action despite repeated warnings.
“In the long run, North Korea must be made to understand that it cannot risk attacking another nation. But it is only by effective diplomacy that there can be any chance of Kim Jong-un's regime being brought to heel. And for that to happen, President Trump must understand that America's most important role in the region is not as Pyongyang's police officer but as the vital glue in the complex relationship between the more rational powers of Japan, South Korea and China,” the paper said.
In South Korea, the Korea Herald picked up the issue for editorial comment and said: “By firing a missile Sunday, North Korea seems to have abandoned its wait-and-see attitude toward the Donald Trump administration. It has shown its will to go its own way, no matter what happens. North Korea should know the US has turned tough on its nuclear and missile development under Trump. US Senator Bob Corker, chairperson of the Senate Committee of Foreign Relations said Washington should think ‘outside the box' regarding its strategy toward Pyongyang, and that one example is to be prepared to pre-emptively strike against a North Korean ICBM. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said they would keep all options on the table, including the threat of military force.” While conceding that a pre-emptive strike appears unlikely in the immediate future, the paper said: “If North Korea crosses a red line, the US may take action to protect its people. However, such an extreme step must never be taken without South Korea's knowledge.” In China, the Global Times newspaper said in an editorial: “The North Korean nuclear issue is in a serious impasse... Given Trump's reputation for boldness, it is hoped that they will go beyond the lip service of the previous US president, delve into the deep reasons for the North Korean issue and have some action.” Since it was clear that the Trump administration was going to adopt a hardline approach in policy-making, it is no surprise that Pyongyang is “going back to its old playbook” of using missile provocations to see if the US would respond to its demands, the paper said. The Trump administration is expected to exert pressure on North Korean ally China to rein in Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions, but Beijing has maintained all along that dialogue is key to resolving the issue, it said. More from Media Watch Obama's ‘ill-judged' lifting of Iran sanctions
Trump's actions come under the scanner
‘US isolationism has begun'
Trump under fire for entry ban on Muslims
High-end speaker maker Devialet is branching out of home speakers. The company announced a partnership with Renault for its first ever car audio system. You can't buy a Renault car with Devialet speakers just yet, but there's a Renault concept car with those speakers.
Devialet has always said that it wasn't just a speaker manufacturer. The French startup has worked on its own amplification technology. It is supposed to be much better than everything else out there when it comes to building powerful-yet-compact speakers.
The company first partnered with Sky to build a surround sound TV speaker. And now, Devialet wants to be in your car.
Renault has been demonstrating its Symbioz concept car as the future of autonomous, connected and electric cars. And it seemed like a good playing ground to show off Devialet's technology.
First, Devialet isn't using traditional in-door speakers and subwoofers. The company relies on tiny sound modules that are six times smaller than traditional car speakers.
Second, the company uses empty spaces and pipes and make them vibrate. It creates a network of passive speakers to immerse yourself in the music.
Finally, the startup also has some custom software features to route the sound to the right speaker. Passive speakers can be used for background sounds while sound modules can take care of the rest.
This sounds nice on paper, so let's hope that Renault is going to bring this technology to production vehicles. It's clear that Devialet wants to go beyond putting its brand on regular speakers. The company wants to control the entire audio experience.
U.S. President Donald Trump reads from a prepared statement as they deliver remarks on the protests in Charlottesville, Virginia, from their golf estate in Bedminster, New Jersey U.S., August 12, 2017.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Saturday condemned violence that erupted between white nationalists and counter-demonstrators on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"We must ALL be united & condemn all that hate stands for," Trump wrote in a Twitter message. "There is no place for this kind of violence in America."
Officials had approved the protest march in downtown Charlottesville but cancelled the event and declared a state of emergency after outbreaks of violence.
Receiver Trey Griffey, son of Hall of Fame outfielder Ken Griffey Jr., is signing with the Miami Dolphins, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter on Monday.
Griffey was released by the Indianapolis Colts last week and became a free agent Monday.
Griffey was an undrafted free agent out of the University of Arizona. They had 79 catches for 1,241 yards and six TDs in their college career.
There is unrest afoot in the AI research community in recent weeks; some of these calls into question whether artificial intelligence being developed over the years to come will have an effect on legal rights to freedom of speech, while others have to do with concerns over what government institutions might do with it.
Following the debut of new technology by companies like Google and Amazon that feature voice-bot calling that can schedule appointments over the phone (while sounding eerily human), California Senator Robert M. Hertzberg put forth a motion to place restrictions on such activities, requiring bots to have to identify themselves as such.
According to the proposed bill:
“This bill would make it unlawful for any person to use a bot, as defined, to communicate or interact with natural persons in California online with the intention of misleading and would provide that a person using a bot is presumed to not act with the intent to mislead if the person discloses that the bot is not a natural person. The bill would require an online platform to enable users to report violations of this prohibition, and would require the online platform to respond to the reports and, upon request, provide the Attorney General with specified related information.”
The bill evoked ire among some in futurist circles, who responded by saying that such legislation could represent an infringement of free speech. According to the Electronic Freedom Foundation (EFF), described by Futurism.com as “a non-profit designed to protect civil liberties in the digital age,” it's not the bots whose right to free speech may be at stake:
“Bots are used for all sorts of ordinary and protected speech activities, including poetry, political speech, and even satire, such as poking fun at people who cannot resist arguing — even with bots. Disclosure mandates would restrict and chill the speech of artists whose projects may necessitate not disclosing that a bot is a bot.”
As one can see from this exchange of ideologies, the presence of artificial intelligence is already fomenting some interesting debate in relation to privacy, transparency, and yes, freedom of speech. However, there may be more at stake than just the eventuality of how AI–future or present–may complicate the way we coexist.
Wired reports that a recent Pentagon initiative “is planning a new Joint Artificial Intelligence Center to serve all US military and intelligence agencies,” which may bear some similarity or other association with the Pentagon's existing Project Maven.
What, you may be wondering, is Project Maven? In a memorandum dated April 26, 2017, issued by Deputy Secretary of Defense Bob Work under the title, “Establishment of an Algorithmic Warfare Cross-Functional Team (Project Maven),” Work stated that, “As numerous studies have made clear, the Department of Defense (DoD) must integrate artificial intelligence and machine learning more effectively across operations to maintain advantages over increasingly capable adversaries and competitors.”
The same month, Work established the Pentagon's Project Maven, telling Wired recently that the project is “exceeding my expectations.”
Wired further reports that “Google's precise role in Project Maven is unclear—neither the search company nor the Department of Defense will say.” However, it is believed that Google's role in the program may have to do with systems of operation for drones being used overseas.
However, not all is well between the DOD and the California Tech Giant, as now there are as many as 4000 Google employees that are protesting the Pentagon's expansion of the program. While it remains the case that many details of Google's involvement in the Project Maven program remain off-record, the thousands of employees now protesting its continuation should tell us something.
In an era where concerns over privacy and transparency have become paramount in western society, it is only reasonable to see apprehension at the proliferation of advanced AI and its use in warfare, especially when aided by industry leaders like Google.
It is understandable that lawmakers are willing to call into question the public's right to know whether communications they receive are coming from artificially intelligent bots. However, perhaps there should be equal concern among elected officials about what our government is doing with advanced AI, especially when the proverbial “canary in the cage” equates to thousands of worried Silicon Valley employees who think there's something just a bit rotten in the state of Denmark.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Suzuka Circuit, home of the Formula 1 Japanese Grand Prix Enlarge Photo
There are now only five rounds left in the 2017 Formula 1 World Championship, and the next one is this weekend's Japanese Grand Prix which once again is being held at the legendary Suzuka Circuit.
Traditionally held towards the end of the season, the Japanese race is often considered a title decider. That could have been the case this year, though a recent series of misfortunes for Ferrari has left Mercedes-AMG and its star driver Lewis Hamilton in prime position for another title.
Title hopes aside, the Japanese race is made all-the-more exciting thanks to the Suzuka Circuit, originally a test track for Honda, it is a high-speed circuit famous for its figure-of-eight layout formed by a total of eighteen corners.
The first part, from the First Curve to Spoon Curve, is flowing and contains 75 percent of the corners. The second half, from the exit of Spoon to the end of the pit straight, is all about outright power as 90 percent of this section is spent at full throttle.
The surface is grippy but nevertheless there are very little run-off area for the drivers to consider. It therefore comes as no surprise that so many F1 legends dub Suzuka as one of the most challenging circuits on the calendar.
Weather can also be quite changeable in Japan this time of year. Looking at the forecast, there may be some brief showers during Saturday's qualifying session but fine conditions are expected for Sunday's race. Pirelli has nominated its medium, soft and supersoft tires for the weekend.
Going into the weekend, Hamilton leads the 2017 Drivers' Championship with 281 points. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel is second with 247 points and fellow Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas is third with 222 points. In the Constructors' Championship, Mercedes sits on 503 points versus the 385 of Ferrari and 270 of Red Bull Racing. Last year's winner in Japan was Nico Rosberg driving for Mercedes.
THE masterplan for the regeneration of Newbury's town centre over the next decade will be set out at a public conference next month.
Details of developments such as the 232-home Market Street urban village and the future of the Kennet Shopping centre will be discussed at the Newbury Vision 2026 event hosted by West Berkshire Council.
The conference, at the Corn Exchange, will hear from developers, council officers and retail chiefs such as Newbury Business Improvement District (BID) director Russell Downing, before a Q&A session.
Newbury Vision 2026 sets out how the council aims to develop the town in the coming years across areas such as housing, development and regeneration, travel and tourism.
The plan has been drawn up along with Newbury Town Council, Newbury BID and other partners, as well as through consultation with the local community.
The conference will focus on the regeneration of the southern half of the town centre, including an overview of Newbury's transport network.
The first Newbury Vision was created in 2003 and has evolved as projects are completed, such as the opening of Parkway shopping centre, the pedestrianisation of Northbrook Street, Bartholomew Street and Market Place, and the opening of Vue cinema.
West Berkshire Council's executive member for partnerships Marcus Franks said: “The Newbury Vision sets out how we want Newbury to look and feel for visitors and the community that work and live in the town.
“Newbury is already a great, modern town and with this vision has a clear sense of its identity now and in the years ahead.
“The strength of the Vision is that it has been shaped by the whole community, including young people, businesses, training providers and members of the public.
“The Vision has already made a difference to the town and there is much more that we want to achieve. This conference will give us a chance to provide updates on some of the most important projects currently being progressed.”
The Newbury Vision 2026 Conference will be held on Thursday, May 4. Local residents are invited, but must confirm attendance in advance by calling Linda Pye on (01635) 519052 or emailing lpye@westberks.gov.uk
3 New Songs Will Make You Want To Crank The Volume Rock critic Ken Tucker listens to new songs by My Morning Jacket's Jim James, the Danish band Iceage and George Clinton and Parliament. As each song shows, "there's an art to summoning up chaos."
BEWILDERED. That is how I would describe the reaction of many candidates and activists in Yorkshire in the days after the General Election.
Conservative candidates who thought there was a better than even chance that they would now be MPs have been left scratching their heads, not just over the fact they lost but by the margin of defeat. “Pretty astonishing” was how one summed it up to me.
The confusion is shared on the Labour side too. “I still can't quite understand what happened” was the thought offered by one of the party's MPs who feared their seat might be under threat.
Of course neither of these sentiments correlate with the narratives that have emerged from either camp since last Thursday. Conservatives have been lining up to criticise the party's campaign while, on Labour's side, Jeremy Corbyn has gone from shambling liability to the man single-handedly responsible for engaging the young and thereby reinvigorating British politics.
History is always re-written in the aftermath of general elections.
In the build-up to the 2015 poll few Conservatives gave Andrea Jenkyns a hope in Morley and Outwood. But since their defeat of then Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls became the moment everyone remembered of that election night I've lost count of the Tories who have told me it was all part of a grand plan.
The reality is this: Last Wednesday, Conservatives were confident of taking several Yorkshire seats, Labour sources were conceding they had lost some constituencies in the region and Liberal Democrats were confident Nick Clegg and Greg Mulholland would be safe. They were all wrong.
In all cases, they were all honestly reporting what their canvassing returns, and other local information, were telling them. It was a trend mirrored across the country and why Jeremy Corbyn was seen in Labour-held seats in the closing days of the campaign while Theresa May was chasing votes in unlikely Conservative territory such as South Yorkshire.
It will take some time to fully understand what happened, but a surprisingly large surge in the heavily pro-Corbyn youth vote and the 2015 Ukip vote splitting more evenly between Conservative and Labour than expected appear to be the major drivers.
All the parties will be reviewing their intelligence gathering to understand how these trends were missed or under-estimated. They need the best information possible to ensure they are putting their efforts where they are needed. Labour had to go through a similar exercise in 2015. After weeks campaigning to win in Elmet and Rothwell, Pudsey, Calder Valley and others, they lost in Morley and Outwood. In 2017, the Conservatives were campaigning in Dewsbury, Halifax and Wakefield and lost Keighley and Colne Valley.
One step in the right direction would be to select candidates earlier.
Even before polling day, a consistent piece of feedback, particularly from Conservative candidates challenging Labour incumbents, was how much campaigning time was lost as associations appointed candidates and logistics were put into place.
Candidates found themselves trying to win seats where they had not seriously campaigned for many years. Volunteers, materials, canvassing routes all had to be organised, and at incredibly short notice.
There will be lazy candidates, and others who proved not up to the task, who their parties should take the opportunity to jettison before the next election. There will also be other candidates who have now realised that being an MP is not for them. I know of at least one who had a very realistic chance last week but, judging by accounts from colleagues, did not enjoy being in the public eye as much as they had imagined.
But for the rest who relished the campaign and tried their best, there seems little reason to go through the rigmarole again. Swift re-selection would give candidates the chance to properly establish themselves in the communities they hope to represent, build up their name recognition and to develop their campaigns on local issues.
It would also help them to pick up the crucial signs that both parties missed in the last seven weeks.
New forces have been unleashed in British politics and the major parties are struggling to understand and quantify them. The first to do so will enjoy a significant electoral advantage when voters next go to the polls.
james.reed@ypn.co.uk
RIO DE JANEIRO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA expects to amortize $8 billion in debt this year and next, a company executive said on Friday.
Bianca Nasser, Petrobras' finance manager, said the company is more focused on buying back debt than issuing new bonds, adding that it does not have an urgent need to extend debt. (Reporting by Marta Nogueira; Editing by Bill Trott)
Have your say
Will Carrington picked up the coveted Player of the Year trophy when Oundle Rugby Club held their annual presentation dinner.
The former Borough and Peterborough Lions star was the side's playmaker as the first XV enjoyed a commendable first-ever season in Midlands Division One in the English Clubs Championship which saw them finish seventh in the final table.
Chairman's Award winner Keith Griffiths is flanked by head coach Jon Phillips (left) and club chairperson Alykhan Kachra.
Fly-half Carrington was also a prolific try-scorer and goal-kicker. Jack Sharpley was the Players Player of the Year award winner.
Trophy winners were:
Captain's Shield (Clubman of the Year) - David Andrew.
Spolton Shield (Most Promising Player) - Luke Sharpley.
Second XV player of the year Chris Brown with head coach Jon Phillips (left) and club chairperson Alykhan Kachra.
2nd XV Player of the Year - Chris Brown.
2nd XV Players Player of the Year - Lewis Still.
Vets Player of the Year - Nick Knowles.
1st XV Players Player - Jack Sharpley.
1st XV Player of the Year - Will Carrington.
Chairman's Award - Keith Griffiths.
Ranfurley Shield (Top try scorer) - James Keane.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The season is a bit more than three months away, but the attention is starting to build for Connor McGovern.
On Wednesday, the Rimington Trophy committee included Penn State's center and Lake-Lehman graduate on its preseason watch list for the award given each year to the most outstanding center in the NCAA's Football Bowl Subdivision.
The Larksville native is expected to enter their second full season as a starter for the Nittany Lions when they host Appalachian State in the Sept. 1 opener at Beaver Stadium. They started 22 of the last 24 games, taking over as at center last season and starting all 13 games. McGovern helped pave the way for running back Saquan Barkley and quarterback Trace McSorley to become the first teammates in Big Ten history to rush for 1,000 yards and pass for 3,000 yards and in back-to-back seasons.
McGovern earned honorable mention on the All-Big Ten Freshman team after the 2016 season.
The winner of the 2018 Rimington Trophy will be announced Jan. 12.
Blue-White date set
It's never too early to be thinking two seasons down the road.
Penn State announced Wednesday the 2019 Blue-White Game will be April 13 at Beaver Stadium, with kickoff scheduled for sometime in the “early to mid-afternoon.”
Contact the writer:
dcollins@timesshamrock.com; @psubst on Twitter
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Minister of State for Water and Power
Abid Sher Ali Wednesday said that three generations of Sharif
family had presented themselves for accountability in court.
Talking to media persons outside the Supreme Court after
Panama case hearing, they said that PTI could not present any evidence against Sharif family in the court despite all efforts.
The minister observed that Shah Mahmood Qureshi should feel
ashamed of collecting donations for shrines.
They were of the view that Qureshi should also be held accountable for
using millions of rupees of Zakat.
The mission of Pakistan Muslim League (N) was to serve the
masses only, they added.
PML N government would continue to inaugurate mega development
projects, Abid said adding that Pakistan was making progress so
opposition was feeling distressed.
PML N leader Talal Chaudhry said that it was duty of opposition
to make constructive criticism.
They said Imran Khan tried to score points on the Lahore
incident, adding, “we are proud of sacrifices of police and other
security forces.”
They said that Punjab police had arrested many criminals and
terrorists and they were punished by the court adding, “We should
encourage our forces and stand with them.”
They said that about 80 percent war against terrorism had been
won and the menace would be completely eradicated with the efforts
of security forces.
Imran Khan wanted to win the Panama case with lies but the
court would act according to law instead of wishes of PTI, they added.
People were fed up with the politics of Imran Khan, they
added.
They said that PTI's politics of sit in affected development projects in
country.
LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - BAE Systems and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds ($6.7 billion) for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft, the British defence group said on Sunday.
The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject “to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment, which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018”.
“We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces, and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability,” Charles Woodburn, BAE's chief executive, said in a statement.
In September Qatar's defence minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha. ($1 = 0.7472 pounds) (Reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
The RAVPower 10000mAh 400A car jump starter and battery charger is down to $29.99 with code 9BHR4JD5 on Amazon. It normally sells for $50 and has rarely dropped from that price. This is the best price we've seen even including other coupon code deals.
The portable charger carries a 10000mAh battery, which is enough to charge even the most recent smartphones a couple times over. The micro USB input can recharge the battery in less than six hours. The jump starter has a peak of 400A and works with cars, motorcyles, ATVs, snowmobiles, and more. If you hold down the power button, you can make use of the built-in flashlight. It even has an SOS mode and warning strobe. Like any modern charger, it also protects against overvoltage, overheating, short circuits, and more. Users give it 4.1 stars based on 42 reviews.
See on Amazon
NATIONAL
IOM Migration Research and Training Center Director Chung Ki-seon (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
Not accepting immigrants is no longer a choice for South Korea, as it faces a shrinking working population. But the country, a homogeneous society ethnically, linguistically and culturally for so long, must devise a well-advised policy in order not to follow the same path as Europe, which is struggling with social problems related to immigrants.“Accepting immigrants should no longer be confined to filling jobs in sectors facing labor shortages, nor to finding spouses for unmarried Koreans,” said Chung Ki-seon, director of the IOM Migration Research and Training Center, during an interview with The Korea Herald. “It should serve as a growth engine for South Korea.”The economic benefits of an open-door immigration policy look clear.The country is going through a population crisis, with its birth rate remaining one of the world's lowest and the economically active population -- made up of those aged between 15 and 64 -- starting to shrink for the first time this year. It is set to become an aged society in 2018, with people aged 65 and older making up 14 percent of its population.But Chung called for “controlled” immigration -- selectively accepting highly educated and skilled foreign professionals into the country, while phasing out the current policy of importing low-skilled migrant workers.“If low-skilled, low-waged workers stay for a long time here, they are likely to form the low-income bracket in society and the government will have to shoulder the expenses of providing welfare to them,” they said.At the same time, the country must work seriously on how to integrate those immigrants into Korean society, Chung said, stressing the task would be critical for the country's future.“Immigrants do not automatically integrate into society and even (the second generation) who are born and raised in the country of relocation won't,” they said, citing Europe as an example of this. In European countries, the rise in acts of terrorism -- those committed by Muslim extremists born and raised in the countries -- has raised public anxiety over immigration, with conservatives blaming the open-door immigration policy as the root cause of an increase in social unrest.Currently, South Korea has a narrow-minded and short-sighted approach when it comes to immigration, centering on multicultural families, or immigration through marriage, and the import of cheap labor from neighboring countries, Chung added.The immigration policy should target more diverse types of immigrants, such as ethnic Koreans, foreign students and refugees, they said.“A certain target group should not be singled out as a vulnerable group in need of help and the policy approach to them should be in line with a wider immigration policy,” Chung said, referring to the country's focus on foreign spouses. In 2016, there were some 152,374 people who moved to Korea due to marriage.In 2014, South Korea ranked 18 out of 38 in terms of the migrant integration policy index, which measures each government's policies to promote integration of migrants in 38 countries including the US, EU member states and Japan.“To draw up and implement a comprehensive immigration policy, there is a need to set up an independent body with its own budget to take charge of adjusting relevant ministries' overarching tasks,” they said.As for the issue of migrant laborers, the chief of the IOM MRTC noted the problems of the current Employment Permit System. The EPS was introduced in 1993 to bring in foreign workers in the short term for low-skilled positions -- so-called “3-D” jobs shunned by locals for their dirty, dangerous and difficult working conditions -- to solve labor shortages mostly in the manufacturing and construction sectors.“The cheap labor is seen as benefitting the country now, but it will cost a lot in the long term.”While the system has alleviated the labor shortage at small and medium-sized businesses, the availability of cheap labor has also hurt the quality of jobs such as pay and working conditions, they said.“Employers won't be motivated to improve working conditions and raise pay as long as they can turn to cheap foreign workers,” they said. “Locals will further avoid such jobs and SMEs will rely on low-skilled foreign workforce even more.”Migrant workers and their advocates have also long taken issue with poor working conditions, low pay and discrimination at workplaces. They even call it modern-day slavery, as migrant workers are not allowed to freely change their workplaces or extend their stay in the country without approval from their employers.“When foreign workers gain skills and expertise, they should be given pay raises accordingly and a chance to reside here longer and bring their families to settle here,” they said.The government is already moving in such a direction.The Justice Ministry said it would allow low-skilled workers only to work here for up to nine years and eight months. These low-skilled workers are holders of the E-9 visa (for low-skilled workers from 16 Asian countries), the E-10 visa (for workers in the fishing industry) and the H-2 visa (for ethnic Koreans from China and Central Asia). It adopted a point system to allow workers with proven skills to switch to the E-7-4 visa for a longer stay.Chung also called for a tougher crackdown on employers who hire foreigners staying here illegally.There were some 209,000 people, about 10 percent of the foreign population, illegally staying here without valid visas in 2016, according to Statistics Korea.“By allowing unregistered migrant workers to get away, the government has given them a wrong message that it is OK to stay here illegally to earn more money,” they said. “And their illegal statuses give employers grounds to exploit them.”The IOM MPRC was set up in 2009 through a partnership between the Korean government and International Organization for Migration. Funded by Seoul's Justice Ministry, it conducts research and training to promote the understanding of migrants and migration issues, as well as offers policy advice to the government.By Ock Hyun-ju (laeticia.ock@heraldcorp.com)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices were little changed on Tuesday after Brent hit its highest level since November 2014, supported by strong demand, OPEC-led production cuts, and the prospect of renewed U.S. sanctions on Iran.
Brent traded as high as $75.47 and was up 4 cents at $74.75 by 11:58 a.m. EDT (1558 GMT). West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude slipped 9 cents to $68.55, retreating from the November 2014 high it hit on Thursday.
WTI's discount to Brent was as wide as $6.27 Tuesday, its largest since Jan. 5, on rising U.S. production.
The United States will decide by May 12 whether to quit a nuclear deal with Iran and reimpose sanctions, tightening global supplies.
Stephen Innes, head of trading for Asia-Pacific at futures brokerage OANDA, said new sanctions against Tehran “could push oil prices up as much as $5 per barrel.”
U.S. President Donald Trump warned Iran on Tuesday not to follow through with threats to restart its nuclear program, as they and French President Emmanuel Macron struggled to find common ground on saving the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.
“Prices are being driven up by tight supply due to high production outages in Venezuela plus the cuts implemented by OPEC (the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) and Russia,” said Carsten Fritsch, analyst at Commerzbank. “What is more, demand appears robust.”
Growing U.S. demand, indicated by continued strong refinery utilization rates, is very supportive to prices, said Bob Yawger, director of energy futures at Mizuho.
“You could get rid of all of these geopolitical headlines —Syria, trade — and if you did that, you would still have a very impressive demand situation in the United States,” said Bob Yawger, director of energy futures at Mizuho.
Brent prices were at their highest since Nov. 27 2014. OPEC's decision that day not to curb output subsequently sent prices plunging.
Oil began recovering in 2016 as OPEC discussed a return to market management with the help of Russia and other non-members. A deal to rein in output started in January 2017 and has been deepened by a steep output drop in Venezuela.
Meanwhile, demand in Asia, the biggest oil-consuming region, has risen to a record.
The latest U.S. inventory figures are expected to show a 2.6-million-barrel drop in crude stocks. [nL1N1S015M]
The American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, releases its inventory data at 4:30 p.m. EDT (2030 GMT) on Tuesday, a day before the government's supply report.
FILE PHOTO: Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub, in Cushing, Oklahoma, U.S., in this March 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
BOSTON — Terry Rozier had a career-high 31 points and seven rebounds in their second NBA start, Jayson Tatum added a career-high 27 points and the short-handed Boston Celtics beat the Atlanta Hawks 119-110 on Friday night.
Rozier started in place of the injured Kyrie Irving. The third-year guard became the second player in league history with a triple-double in their first start, totalling 17 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in Wednesday's blowout of the Knicks.
Irving missed their second straight game with a right quad contusion that they suffered in Monday's win at Denver and was one of four Boston players who sat with injuries on Friday.
Jaylen Brown scored 19 points and Al Horford had 17 with seven assists to help lead Boston to its fourth win in five tries.
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the residents of Aloosa area of Bandipora district remember the day when youth, elders, children, and women were greeted with bullets by Indian troops on this day in 2008. It was on this day nine years ago when four youth were killed and more than 47 injured after army showered bullets on protesting people in Aloosa area of the district. The protesters who were caught in the rain of bullets were following the ‘Pampore Chalo Call' following the death the prominent Hurriyat leader Sheikh Abdul Aziz in the same year.
Troops from the 15 Rashtriya Rifles fired on a large gathering of protesters, who had assembled in Aloosa Chowk to follow the call announced by Hurriyat in view of Amarnath land row. The order of firing was given by Commanding Officer 15 Rashtriya Rifles Col Joshi who was a household name in the area at that time.
“People were marching towards Bandipora, amid pro-Kashmir slogans and when they reached an Army camp near Paribal, the elders in the rally asked all to stop till they persuade army troopers to remove the barricade laid in the middle of the road,” villagers said, adding: “Army didn't allow this and asked elders to return back along with the crowd and before elders could reach us to inform about the army dictate, the rain of bullets hit the protestors,” the locals added.
A local who identified themselves as Ahmed said, “Army troopers fired in all directions as if they were drunk.” Four protesters who were killed were Mumtaz Ahmed Butt, Ali Muhammad, Muhammad Shafiq Ganie and Mehrajudin Ganie.—KMS
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. service members were killed and five injured during combat operations in northern Iraq on Sunday, the military said, adding that initial reports indicated the incident was not due to enemy contact.
In a statement the military said the incident was under investigation. The service members were part of a U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State in Iraq.
"The entire counter-ISIS Coalition sends our deepest condolences to these heroes' families, friends and teammates," said Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, commander of the Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve.
"I hope there is some small solace in knowing their loss has meaning for our country and all the nations of the Coalition as the fallen service members were fighting to defeat a truly evil enemy and to protect our homelands."
