The market for SUVs and crossovers continues to expand and automakers from every corner of the industry are preparing to exploit the body style's success. That includes Lamborghini and even—believe or not—Ferrari. Naturally, Aston Martin wants in on the SUV game as well.
The British luxury and sports car brand previewed an electric SUV concept, dubbed the DBX, at the 2015 Geneva motor show, but now production plans are moving forward, according to a report from German publication Auto Bild.
The DBX Concept showcased an all-electric powertrain, but the latest report states Aston Martin will first offer gasoline engines before diving into an electric powertrain for its SUV. The engines should be familiar to any Aston Martin follower: a 5.2-liter twin-turbo V-12 and a 4.0-liter twin-turbo V-8 will both be offered when the SUV launches. The engines make 503 and 600 horsepower, respectively, and the V-8 is sourced from Mercedes-AMG.
Following the production DBX's launch, Aston Martin is then expected to offer either a plug-in hybrid or all-electric variant of the SUV.
However, even the first units will arrive with some non-traditional automotive technology. Aston Martin also plans to keep the DBX Concept's cameras, per the report. The cameras are put in place of traditional side mirrors and relay their images to screens positioned inside the vehicle. It's not too different from the setup we've seen on the brand's Valkyrie hypercar project.
The report pegs 2019 for the launch of the SUV with a price range of $195,000 to $260,000. Meanwhile, Rolls-Royce will also challenge the ultra-luxury segment with its Cullinan SUV. We'd expect Rolls-Royce to push its opulent high rider even more upmarket, while the Aston should be decidedly sportier.
Baton Rouge, La. — Rep. Steve Scalise, a member of the House Republican leadership, is known for their love of baseball and the late-night meals they often serve their colleagues in their office near the Capitol's ornate Statuary Hall.
Scalise, the No. 3 House Republican, was shot Wednesday along with several others during a GOP baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia. They were in critical condition following surgery, the hospital said.
An avid sports fan, Scalise distributed commemorative baseball bats to fellow House members when they ran for the leadership post in 2014. The Louisiana conservative was elected majority whip, the job of chief Republican vote counter.
Their campaign for the whip job had a Louisiana flair that included distribution of “Geaux Scalise” T-shirts and a Cajun dinner with sausage, oysters and gumbo.
A major supporter of the oil industry, Scalise also is known for hosting lawmakers on tours of offshore rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. One of their major legislative accomplishments was ensuring that penalties paid after the BP oil spill go to areas affected by the spill.
Scalise, 51, was first elected to the House in 2008 and served as chairperson of the Republican Study Committee, a group of conservatives, before becoming whip in the leadership shuffle that followed the surprise defeat of then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a Republican primary.
In their whip campaign, they boasted about their conservative credentials and pointed out that he'd be the only GOP leader from the South, which had a major role in giving Republicans their largest House majority in decades.
At the time of the shooting, the lawmakers were preparing for an annual congressional game scheduled for Thursday night.
Scalise, who was shot in the hip, was transported to MedStar Washington and underwent surgery.
“Prior to entering surgery, the whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone.  They are grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues,” their office said in a statement.
Scalise has forged a close relationship with President Donald Trump, working together on the House health care bill and a pending effort to overhaul the tax code.
Trump, in remarks from the White House, called Scalise “a very good friend” and said, “He's a patriot, and he's a fighter. They will recover from this assault.”
As the No. 3 House Republican, Scalise has a security detail assigned to them at all times. Lawmakers who were at the practice said the shootings could have been much worse if the security detail had not been there.
Scalise represents a district that includes some New Orleans suburbs and bayou parishes. Before entering Congress, they were a lawmaker in Louisiana for 12 years. Their signature legislation included a film industry tax credit program aimed at helping Louisiana become “Hollywood South” and a constitutional amendment outlawing gay marriage.
As a state lawmaker, Scalise built relationships with people of diverse views, even as they maintained a rock-solid conservative voting record. One of their closest friends remains Rep. Cedric Richmond, a New Orleans Democrat who leads the Congressional Black Caucus and befriended Scalise when the two were both in the state House.
Rep. Ralph Abraham, R-La., described Scalise as a great leader who is the go-to person for the state's congressional delegation.
“Any time we need anything, we go to Steve and they make it happen,” Abraham said.
Scalise has faced questions about some of their Louisiana ties. Six months after their election as whip, it came to light that they had spoken in 2002 to a white supremacist group founded by former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. Scalise apologized for the speech and said they were unaware of the group's racial philosophy when they agreed to speak as a state legislator.
“I reject bigotry of all forms,” Scalise said then.
A fun-loving, unabashed champion for Louisiana's culture and food, Scalise is known as someone who likes to have a good time just as much as they like rough-and-tumble politics. They return to the Louisiana legislature every year during session to revisit the House and Senate chambers where they once worked and mingle with their former colleagues, quick with hugs and handshakes.
Scalise is so unassuming and low-key that Louisiana politicians have often joked about their security detail.
“I've seen them a couple of times like in the Superdome and I often wondered, ‘Well, why in the hell did they have all those security people with him?” Louisiana Senate President John Alario said.
“I see why now,” Alario added. “It was an abundance of caution. I'm glad they did it.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2toqj6e
The civilians in their buses, mostly elderly, women and children, were guarded by "rebels" of Ahrar al Sham. They were hungry. Someone appeared on the scene and distributed crisps. When children flocked around the food distribution a blue car drove up and a very large explosion occurred. Four buses full of people and a number of cars were totally destroyed (Pics: 1, 2, 3)
127 of the civilians, only a mile or two from the safe government area, were killed in the suicide attack including 95 children. Many more were wounded. An unknown number of Ahrar al Sham "rebel" guards were also killed.
0:00 "Dozens of supporters of president Bashar al-Assad are the latest victim of Syria's brutal civil war."
0:47 "A lot of issues here involve a sectarian nature of violence, the Syrian regime being predominantly Shia with Shia supporters and the rebels being Sunni"
2:26 "Sunnis are leaving areas surrounded by Shias and Shias are leaving areas surrounded by Sunnis, the country is sort of splitting in two"
A heinous attack on children by anti-government fighters? Nope, just 'Assad supporters' killed in a 'war between Sunni and Shia'What really happened:These would be civilians from a small Shia enclave in Idlib under siege by Salafist jihadis. Being Shia, the Salafists rebels consider it their religious duty to murder and enslave them. (As "apostates" the option of "converting" is not open to them.)That evacuation actually happened was a small miracle in itself -- the last time it was attempted, the buses supposed to do it were burned on the way there. This time they were hit going back when they were full people.Nothing comparable has ever happened during government evacuations. (Moreover those who are not evacuated from rebel-held enclaves are not murdered and enslaved but amnestied and reintegrated.)What happened according to CNN:A short glimpse of the aftermath and we're off to a reporter who gives the absolutely false context for the attack as it being a part of a two-sided Sunni-Shia "sectarian violence". Then laments the evacuation of Shia civilians besieged by Salafist fanatics for "permanently changing the ethnic and demographic map" which has been a rebel talking point against evacuations even as they're set on changing the demographics by murdering and forcibly converting apostates and infidels.
Lawrenceville, Georgia defensive back Andrew Booth will have their pick from some college football's most tradition rich programs when they make their college commitment.
The 4-star corner was back in Knoxville last weekend, as Tennessee turns up their pursuit of the peach state product.
"Tennessee is up there," Booth said. "I see a lot of opportunity there. They are one of my top schools with Georgia, Clemson, Auburn, Florida State and Ohio State.
"Tennessee is a diverse place with the people. I like the relationships I have with they coach."
Booth took in the Orange & White Game. They got to see how the coaches and what Tennessee is working with in the backend of its defense. What they saw was plenty of playing for some incoming prospects.
"I really got to see they need some help," Booth said of the Tennessee secondary. "They need help if you know what I'm saying. I got to see that I could go out and play very soon. I like that."
So how does Booth weigh early playing time and a program trying to rise versus going to a school that has a tougher path to the field, but may win a little bit faster?
"It depends on what you are going for," Booth said. "If you want to win games or if you want to go in and make a name for yourself then you don't care about winning right away.
"I'm team guy so I always like winning, but I'm always going to get mine if you know what I'm talking about."
NEW YORK (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:36 pm |
Technology companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finished at new highs. Both indexes also hit record highs on Friday.
Solid gains by health care companies also helped lift the market, outweighing losses among banks and industrial stocks. Energy stocks rose with the price of crude oil.
Investors had their eye on bitcoin futures, which made their market debut. But traders were mostly looking ahead to the outcome of Wednesday's meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers.
The S&P 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99. The index has risen on a weekly basis the past three weeks. The Dow gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03. The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
The Fed is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. Economists expect the central bank to lift short-term rates by 0.25 percent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
Technology companies accounted for much of the market's gains Monday.
Symantec rose $1.24, or 4.4 percent, to $29.22. Apple gained up 1.9 percent after the website Apple Insider said the company is delivering new iPhones to customers at a faster pace. Apple also made news after it agreed to acquire the Shazam music-identification service for an undisclosed amount. The stock added $3.30 to $172.67.
Allergan led the gainers in the health care sector. The company climbed $4.96, or 3 percent, to $172.76.
Drugmaker Bluebird Bio surged 17.9 percent after it reported results from an early study of a cancer treatment that the company is developing with Celgene. Bluebird gained $30.65 to $201.80. Celgene added $1.91, or 1.8 percent, to $108.
Oil and gas prices rose, boosting energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy added 15 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $3.83.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London.
Shares in banks and other financial companies declined. Zions Bancorporation shed 99 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $49.94.
Several industrial companies also posted losses, including Verisk Analytics. The stock slid $1.84, or 1.9 percent, to $94.32.
In other energy futures trading, wholesale gasoline picked up 1 cent to $1.73 per gallon, while heating oil gained 2 cents to $1.95 per gallon. Natural gas rose 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $2.83 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold slipped $1.50 to settle at $1,246.90 per ounce, while silver fell 4 cents to $15.79 per ounce. Copper added 3 cents to $3.01 per pound.
Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held at 2.38 percent.
The dollar edged up to 113.52 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1786 from $1.1768.
Major stock indexes in Europe finished mostly lower. Germany's DAX and the CAC 40 in France each fell 0.2 percent, while Britain's FTSE 100 added 0.8 percent.
Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's in the running to win Celebrity Big Brother 2018 after reaching the final and surviving three weeks alongside celebrities including Ann Widdecombe, Amanda Barrie and Shane Lynch.
He's had a fun run in the house, where he's danced, laughed and drunk (responsibly) their way through their journey.
But although he's an accomplished performer and national treasure, many of the show's younger viewers have no idea who Wayne Sleep is.
To combat this, we've compiled everything you need to know about him.
Who is Wayne Sleep and where are they from?
The former dancer, now 69, was born in Plymouth in July 1948 and won a scholarship to the Royal Ballet School by the time they were just 13-years-old.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Celebrity Big Brother finalists CONFIRMED as Amanda Barrie becomes third housemate to be evicted during semi-final
Five years later, in 1966, they joined the Royal Ballet Company, where they made history by being the shortest-ever dancer in the company. He's just 5'2".
There, they became a star while working alongside the likes of Rudolf Nureyev, which made them a household name.
As their star ascended, so did their popularity among celebrities.
(Image: Chris Neill / Daily Mirror)
(Image: Channel 5 / PR Handout)
Their friendship with Princess Diana
A number of high-profile friendships were subsequently formed in the early 80s: most notably with Princess Diana, who was a big fan of their work.
They became close confidantes and famously danced together at the Friends of Covent Garden Christmas party, which took place at the Royal Opera House in 1985.
Around this time they formed their own West End dance company, Dash, which further enhanced their profile.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Big Brother UK/Youtube)
Celebrity Big Brother's Ann Widdecombe stomps off as Shane Jenek is given lap dance by male stripper
Other shows you'll know Wayne from
Since retiring from the stage in their thirties, he's carved-out an impressive CV with reality TV jobs.
These have included the BBC's The Real Marigold Hotel, Celebrity Masterchef, Come Dine With Me, I'm A Celeb and The Chase.
Their marriage and health problems
Openly bisexual and married to husband José Bergera, they once suffered prostate cancer and is now a patron for Prostate Cancer UK.
They also recently underwent a hip replacement operation.
They were awarded an OBE in 1998.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Education Secretary Betsy Devos met with St. Louis philanthropist, political donor and education advocate Rex Sinquefield, and their wife Jane Tuesday in Washington, D.C.
They discussed school choice programs, digital and distance learning and innovation grants.
Devos has received criticism for their support of charter and alternative schools.
Travis brown, the CEO Sinquefield's media organizations was also in the meeting.
Travis Brown adds that they support any platform that helps parents and children find a better pathway to their future.
Danica Patrick should have no problem racing for a new team in the Daytona 500. They have competed in stock cars for the past eight years, including the past six on a full-time basis.
But when they return to the Indianapolis 500 for the first time since 2011, they will find cars that are totally different from the ones they drove seven years ago.
They will have the benefit that no one has driven the new 2018 IndyCar at Indianapolis so in some ways she'll be on equal terms. And IndyCar drivers at the Rolex 24 indicated that Patrick should not have too much trouble adjusting.
"I wish their well," said 2008 Indy 500 winner and four-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon. "She should be in for a fun May, and I'm sure they will be just fine.
"There's no doubt they have a massive attraction with what they do and how well they do. It's going to be good to see, I think, for the sport."
Patrick finished in the top 10 in six of their seven Indianapolis 500s. Them third-place finish in 2009 is the highest finish of any female driver in the race, and they have led 29 laps at Indy.
Editor's Picks Danica gets ride with Premium for Daytona 500 Danica Patrick is teaming with Premium Motorsports for next month's Daytona 500, the final race of their NASCAR career.
Big reveal of Danica Patrick's Daytona 500 paint scheme For their final race as a NASCAR driver, Danica Patrick will be behind the wheel with a paint scheme many fans should recognize.
Power couple: Danica dating Aaron Rodgers Danica Patrick confirmed that they are dating Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers. 2 Related
They have always been fast at Indianapolis -- qualifying in the top 10 in each of their first five starts.
"If they get a good car, they can do decent," said two-time Indy 500 winner Juan Pablo Montoya. "She always ran well there. The oval experience in NASCAR will help. I think it makes them a much better oval driver."
But the fact they will retire after that race has Montoya questioning their resolve. Patrick will compete in the Daytona 500 and the Indianapolis 500 this year and then call it quits.
"It's tough -- I think when your mind is set to retire, it's hard to go and put it on the line," they said.
The two teams most mentioned as potential Patrick landing points for Indianapolis are Ed Carpenter Racing and Dreyer and Reinbold Racing.
ECR full-time driver Spencer Pigot said they were ready for Patrick to be their teammate if the deal comes through.
"Yeah, sure," Pigot said. "She's obviously had a very successful career and was very good at the speedway."
And that is what everyone remembers.
"I have no doubt that she's going to do a great job. ... She's always done a great job at Indianapolis," Graham Rahal said. "I think she'll be just fine. It certainly is a lot more competitive today than five years ago, but I think she'll be right in the hunt."
It will depend on the quality of the car, Sebastien Bourdais said.
"It's always a question of what car you're jumping in," Bourdais said. "If your car is really good, things are easier. If the car is a handful and if you're really struggling to feel it and it's a moving target ... and it's super inconsistent and all, everything becomes much harder."
Bourdais, though, has no doubt Patrick will have an impact.
Danica Patrick has a pretty solid record racing in IndyCar at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. They have finished in the top 10 in six of their seven Indianapolis 500s. AP Photo/Nick Wass, File
"Obviously they are great for the sport," Bourdais said. "There is no denying the fact that they attracted a whole lot of attention to IndyCar racing, and, when they went away, it was not a great thing for us, and NASCAR capitalized on it."
From the marketing side, it will be a big weekend with GoDaddy returning to sponsor Patrick. GoDaddy sponsored them during some of their greatest IndyCar moments as well as in their transition to NASCAR.
"It will be huge," said McLaren F1 boss Zak Brown, who has handled the marketing platforms for several companies in motorsports. "She will be big news. It's great to see GoDaddy supporting her, given they were a big contributor to their career.
"It will be much bigger news that they are in Indy than Daytona because she's been in Daytona the last 5-6-7-8 years. I think that's great."
Brown spearheaded Formula One driver Fernando Alonso's participation in the Indianapolis 500 last year.
"Coming out of the 100th [Indy 500], they got Fernando Alonso gift for 101 and now they've got the Danica Patrick gift for 102," Brown said. "So I think it will be good. They will be competitive."
If you smoke pot on the sidewalks of Lowell, it's going to cost you.
Public consumption of marijuana is already illegal in Massachusetts, but Lowell voted to impose stricter penalties intended to be on par with laws regarding drinking alcohol in public, according to the Lowell Sun.
The City Council voted 9-0 in favor of adopting an ordinance that will fine anyone caught smoking in public $100 for the first offense, $200 for the second offense and $300 for the third offense and for subsequent offenses.
Fox 25 Boston reported that the council also considered banning smoking pot in front and back yards, as well as driveways, but that language failed to gain traction.
The ordinance defines public places as streets, sidewalks, parks, playgrounds, plazas, bridges and more.
Now that marijuana is legal in Massachusetts, where can you smoke?
Source: ‘Grace probe suffers still birth' – NewsDay Zimbabwe April 17, 2017
A ZIMBABWE Human Rights Commission (ZHRC) probe into the brutal removal of villagers from Arnold Farm in Mazowe to allow for the expansion of First Lady Grace Mugabe's business empire, could suffer a still-birth, NewsDay has learnt.
BY RICHARD CHIDZA
The ZHRC last week sent two investigators after reports of police brutality in the forced removal of hundreds of villagers from the farm by baton wielding and gun-toting police officers.
ZHRC chairperson Elasto Mugwadi confirmed their investigators had failed to meet Provincial Affairs minister Martin Dinha, the officer-in charge at Mazowe Police Station and the provincial chief lands officer.
“After the reports by the NewsDay, Mugwadi seemed to have developed cold feet.
Initially they were willing to have a go at the First Lady's excesses but someone seemed to have ‘whispered' some not-so-nice message into their ear,” said a source close to the investigations.
“Although Mugwadi did not expressly withdraw the investigation, at least officially, their body language had changed and indicated they wanted the ‘dust to settle' before commencing. There is a danger it could actually be called off.”
Contacted for comment on Friday, Mugwadi curtly said: “I am in a conference”, before they hung up.
Dinha also denied reports they had refused to cooperate with the ZHRC investigating team.
“I would be willing to meet the investigating team. I have not snubbed anyone. It's just that I have been travelling a lot. In fact, I did not even know they wanted to meet me over the issue. I was in Dubai last week before travelling to Zambia. I am actually at Lusaka International Airport as we speak and would actually want to talk to Commissioner Mugwadi now,” Dinha said before asking for the ZHRC boss's mobile numbers.
But the villagers' lawyer, Moses Donsa Nkomo said they had written to Home Affairs minister Ignatius Chombo and Police Commissioner General Augustine Chihuri raising displeasure at the continued violation of a High Court order by the police.
In their letter to Chombo, dated April 10, Donsa Nkomo said: “Our clients advise that boom gates have been erected at all entry points into Arnold Farm and that armed police officers are manning the gates.
We are further in possession of evidence indicating that a police base manned by Support Unity personnel has been established at Arnold Farm, including one Assistant Inspector James Teta Force Number 045940J and Sergeant Zvinoitavamwe Tongovona, Force Number 0460405, and a team of about 16 other officers,” the letter read in part.
“The officers are actively participating in unlawful eviction of Arnold Farm residents in defiance of two High Court orders.”
Nkomo wants the police officers withdrawn from the farm and ordered to stop the eviction of the villagers.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Kwadwo Asamoah, Juventus midfielder
Italian Serie A giants AC Milan have joined the race to to sign want-away Juventus star Kwadwo Asamoah, according to reports.
Calciomercato claims the Ghana international has already bought a house in Milan and seemed destined to join Inter but the Rossoneri can hijack the deal.
Asamoah is reported to have rejected a contract extension at Juventus and has already reached an agreement in principle with Inter.
The 29-year-old joined Juventus in 2012 from Udinese and has spent their whole senior career in Italy.
A move to either Inter or AC Milan would be a big boost for both clubs as they have had their defensive struggles over the season.
We're four weeks into the 2017 NFL season which means it's time to hand out some quarter-season awards to Broncos players. Today we're presenting three candidates for Defensive MVP honors.
1. Von Miller, OLB
New season, same Miller. The seventh-year linebacker has recorded 14 tackles and four sacks so far but it's not just about the stats with Miller. Offenses are forced to gameplan around the five-time Pro Bowler and give them special attention, which makes life easier for the rest of the defense.
2. Domata Peko, NT
Peko has just seven tackles and no sacks through four games, so why is they on the list? Because he's a big reason why Denver ranks No. 1 against the run this season. The 6-3, 325-pounder clogs up the middle of the Broncos' defensive line and deserves more credit for the unit's success (just ask Miller).
3. Aqib Talib, CB
Talib and Chris Harris have both played extremely well at cornerback this season. Talib has recorded eight tackles and has broken up four passes so far. They also returned an interception 103 yards for a touchdown against the Cowboys.
Who do you think is the team's Defensive MVP through four weeks? Vote in our poll below! After that, vote for Offensive MVP here!
Mario Batali takes leave of absence, apologizes to those ‘I have mistreated and hurt'
By KELLY MCCARTHY and MICHAEL ROTHMANABC News – Famed chef Mario Batali was asked to step away from “The Chew” while ABC reviews sexual misconduct allegations against him.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from ‘The Chew' while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” a network spokesperson confirmed for ABC News on Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously, as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
Batali's leave of absence comes on the heels of a report from the blog Eater, in which multiple women alleged sexual harassment or misconduct by the chef.
The accusations, some from past employees, span almost 20 years and include alleged inappropriate touching or groping.
In a statement to ABC News, Batali did not deny the allegations but apologized to the people they have “mistreated and hurt,” their statement read. They said that in addition to their show, they will step away from the day-to-day operations of their restaurant group.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt,” Batali said in the statement. “Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong, and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
They continued, “I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed. For this reason, I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses. We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior. I won't make that mistake again. I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there.”
“I know my actions have disappointed many people. The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team. The failures are mine alone. To the people who have been at my side during this time – my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans – I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust. I will spend the next period of time trying to do that.”
Batali's international hospitality group includes 10 restaurants in New York, four in Las Vegas, four in California, two in Connecticut and two in Singapore. The group also has two Italian markets in New York, one in Chicago and another in Boston.
A spokesperson for the Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group told ABC News in a statement, “Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and they have already done so.”
“We have decided to take a further step beyond our current policies and practices to ensure all employees feel comfortable and empowered to report issues,” the statement continued. “If employees have claims they want to make against any corporate officers or owners specifically, they may now contact the outside corporate investigations firm T&M Protection Resources LLC, who has discretion to independently investigate complaints and report to outside counsel.”
Question of the Week, Aug 15
Do you support the idea of having Thunder in the Valley on Stamp Ave. for a third year?
Three buddies from Ashley Falls Elementary School in Carmel Valley are keeping their tradition alive with another great performance at the annual Carlsbad 5000 Junior. Kids come from all over California and surrounding states to compete, with 75-100 runners representing each age group. The boys gave it their best and brought home great times.
The 1 mile results: Lachlan Saam, 4th place in the 8-year-old division with a time of 6:44; Luca Caruso, 1st place in the 9-year-old division with a time of 5:42; Ian Saam, despite runner's cramps, still crossed the finish line strong with a time of 8:05 in the 10-year-old division. The boys would like to thank Ashley Falls PE teacher Desiree McBride for organizing “Mileage Club” every day before school which serves as the backbone of their training.
While the NHL All-Star break helped fantasy managers by aiding in the return of keystone players such as Filip Forsberg, Jaden Schwartz and Victor Hedman, this first week back in action hasn't been ideal in the injury universe.
While the combined value of Forsberg, Schwartz and Hedman trumps that of the lost value in Nathan MacKinnon, Joe Thornton and Jacob Trouba, the fantasy impact is still significant.
Nathan MacKinnon, C, Colorado Avalanche
The resurgent star is not droppable in any fantasy format, including any leagues in which you'd have to eat their injured spot on your active roster. The timetable for their shoulder ailment is only two to four weeks, so your roster can survive.
The Avalanche, however, will not be so well off without their superstar center. Gabriel Landeskog and Mikko Rantanen welcome rookie Alexander Kerfoot to the top line for the short term. Kerfoot hasn't scored in two games while playing up the depth chart, but they do have 32 points in 47 games this season while mostly performing in a supplementary role. This time in the spotlight should allow for increased fantasy value, and he's likely useful in leagues with more than 12 teams or deeper rosters.
The trickle-down effect for the entire roster without MacKinnon should mean more losses than wins on the horizon. Given that Semyon Varlamov is back to health for the Avalanche, this should render both goaltenders with little fantasy value for a spell. Jonathan Bernier did more than enough to kill Varlamov's status as the clear No. 1, but the waters are still muddy here. Both goalies should be on the bench for now (but rostered) with a hope that we have a clear stater by the time MacKinnon returns. If I had to pick one, I'd point out that they have identical playing time this season, and I'd go with the better overall stats in every fantasy category -- which belong to Bernier.
Editor's Picks Every team's post-All-Star break risers and fallers Who are trending upcoming out of the All-Star break? Who is on the decline? Victoria Matiash identifies risers and fallers for all 31 NHL teams and evaluates the fantasy spin.
Hot and cold second-half forwards to watch The stretch run is grueling for NHL players. Some tend to fade following the All-Star break, while others step it up in the season's final months. Matthew Coller evaluates career splits to identify a handful of hot and cold second-half forwards. 1 Related
Joe Thornton, C, San Jose Sharks
Though they have shared faceoffs since locking in as linemates in 2011-12, Joe Pavelski handles a lot of the center duties on most shifts. So, they don't really "shift" over to center with Thornton out for what could be the remainder of the regular season. Thornton's knee issue and corrective action is similar to that of Kevin Shattenkirk, but the difference is that Jumbo Joe is 38 years old. While Taylor Hall bounced back in less than a month from the same procedure last year, Hall is 12 years Thornton's junior.
What happens here? Pavelski loses six-plus seasons of familiarity on the ice, and that counts for a lot. It wouldn't be a surprise to see Pavelski's numbers take a nosedive with Thornton out of the mix. You can't replace the hockey sense of a Joe Thornton, regardless of the youth and enthusiasm of Mikkel Boedker and Chris Tierney.
What this could quickly turn into is Logan Couture taking advantage of the additional pressure to further cement their status as the go-forward No. 1 center for the Sharks. If that's the case, the subtle fantasy value should reside in Tomas Hertl and/or Kevin Labanc. Both players are having quality seasons and could see a boost in both minutes and counting stats while Thornton is out.
Jacob Trouba, D, Winnipeg Jets
If Trouba wasn't on a roster in your ESPN fantasy league before their injury, it's not because they didn't deserve to be. As measured by the ESPN Player Rater, Trouba's overall fantasy value this season still ranks better than Zach Werenski, Torey Krug, Rasmus Ristolainen, Erik Karlsson, Duncan Keith, Justin Faulk and Tyson Barrie, just to name a few defensemen. Trouba plays a lot of minutes and fires a lot of shots on goal, something the Jets will have to tangibly replace for the next six to eight weeks with Trouba on the shelf.
That brings us to Tyler Myers, who has been fighting for second-chair ranking with Trouba behind Dustin Byfuglien all season. But guess what? Back to the ESPN Player Rater, and we see that Myers is ranked 14th among all defensemen for fantasy value this season. That's better than Ryan Suter, Charlie McAvoy, Aaron Ekblad, Mikhail Sergachev and -- drum roll -- Byfuglien. If Myers is going to see an increase in responsibility and an increase in power-play time to what has already been a season worthy of status as a No. 2 fantasy defenseman, well, let's just say you should no longer hesitate and get on board with Myers. He's available in about one-third of ESPN leagues.
Fantasy Forecaster: Feb. 5-11
With 15 teams playing a four-game schedule and only two teams reduced to a two-game schedule, we have a busy NHL schedule after several slow weeks in January due to byes and the All-Star break. A busy week means minimal ways to take advantage of extra games, but maximum detriment from the two teams with light schedules.
The Florida Panthers and Montreal Canadiens are the two teams with only two games to play. It's probably not worth removing Aleksander Barkov, Jonathan Huberdeau or Vincent Trocheck from lineups unless you have a really good option on the bench, but it also puts a damper on picking up Denis Malgin, who has heated up on a new top line with Huberdeau and Trocheck. With the Habs, it's easier to relegate anyone to the bench, as the team has been a relative fantasy wasteland this season. Max Pacioretty might be the exception. There was some talk of Shea Weber returning sooner rather than later, but the latest is that he's just out of a walking boot and not skating yet.
For those new to the forecaster chart, here are some explanations: "O" (offense) and "D" (defense) matchup ratings are based upon a scale from 1 (poor matchup) to 10 (excellent matchup) and are calculated using a formula that evaluates the team's season-to-date statistics, their performance in home/road games depending on where the game is to be played, as well as their opponents' numbers in those categories. The "Ratings" column lists the cumulative rating from 1-10 of that week's offensive ("O") and defensive ("D") matchups.
Team Games Ratings Mon
2/5 Tue
2/6 Wed
2/7 Thu
2/8 Fri
2/9 Sat
2/10 Sun
2/11 4 7 7 @TOR 5 6 @BUF 8 8 OFF OFF EDM 6 7 OFF SJ 7 2 3 1 4 OFF @WPG 1 4 OFF @MIN 1 3 OFF PHI 2 6 OFF 4 8 10 OFF @DET 6 8 @NYR 7 7 OFF OFF BUF 8 9 @NJ 6 7 4 3 5 OFF ANA 3 5 OFF NYI 5 6 OFF @BOS 1 4 COL 1 3 4 6 9 OFF @CHI 5 8 OFF @NJ 5 6 @NYR 5 6 OFF @NYI 7 7 3 3 4 OFF PHI 3 6 OFF OFF VAN 4 5 Cols 2 3 OFF 3 2 4 OFF CGY 3 6 OFF DAL 3 6 OFF @MIN 1 3 OFF 4 10 8 OFF SJ 9 3 OFF @STL 7 5 OFF @CAR 9 8 @BUF 10 9 3 3 4 OFF WSH 3 4 OFF OFF @WSH 3 4 NJ 4 6 OFF 4 5 7 NYR 5 6 OFF OFF @CHI 5 8 PIT 3 3 OFF VAN 5 6 3 3 5 OFF BOS 2 5 OFF OFF @NYI 5 7 OFF @WSH 3 4 4 5 5 TB 5 5 OFF @LA 3 5 OFF @ANA 3 6 @SJ 5 2 OFF 2 3 1 OFF VAN 5 4 OFF OFF LA 5 4 OFF OFF 3 6 6 OFF OFF EDM 7 7 OFF @FLA 7 7 @TB 7 5 OFF 3 7 7 OFF @STL 6 5 OFF ARI 8 9 OFF CHI 8 8 OFF 2 4 1 OFF OFF @PHI 6 5 OFF NSH 5 2 OFF 4 10 8 @NYI 10 8 OFF @TOR 7 7 @OTT 9 6 OFF @MTL 9 5 OFF 4 6 7 OFF @OTT 6 6 OFF CGY 5 6 OFF @CLS 5 7 BOS 4 5 4 5 5 NSH 3 2 OFF OFF @BUF 6 6 DET 4 6 OFF CGY 3 4 4 5 6 @DAL 5 6 OFF BOS 4 4 OFF CGY 5 5 OFF @WPG 4 4 3 4 3 OFF NJ 6 5 OFF NSH 4 2 OFF @TOR 5 5 OFF 4 6 8 OFF @CAR 5 7 OFF MTL 6 5 OFF @ARI 5 9 @VGS 4 4 3 7 5 OFF VGS 9 5 OFF OFF @DAL 9 7 OFF @STL 8 5 4 10 5 OFF @COL 8 3 OFF VGS 9 3 OFF EDM 10 6 @ANA 9 5 4 6 6 OFF MIN 5 5 OFF COL 6 5 @WPG 5 6 OFF PIT 6 3 3 5 4 @EDM 7 6 OFF OFF VAN 6 5 OFF LA 6 4 OFF 3 4 4 ANA 4 6 OFF NSH 3 3 OFF OFF OTT 5 6 OFF 4 8 8 OFF @FLA 8 6 OFF @TB 7 5 @CAR 7 7 OFF @DAL 6 6 3 6 3 OFF @PIT 6 3 OFF @SJ 9 3 OFF OFF PHI 7 7 3 6 7 OFF @CLS 7 7 OFF OFF CLS 7 7 OFF DET 8 8 3 6 7 OFF ARI 7 9 OFF OFF STL 5 6 OFF NYR 7 7
In the notes -- team, goalie and player -- below, the focus every week will be mainly on players who are available for potential use. Being rostered in less than 50 percent of ESPN leagues is a good generalized cutoff, and I'll include players below 10 percent whenever possible to cater to deeper formats.
Team notes
Nashville Predators
With Forsberg back in action, the top trio from early this season of Forsberg, Ryan Johansen and Viktor Arvidsson were reunited. Despite being on pace for just under the 30-30 season they turned in last year, Arvidsson is rostered in only 76.3 percent of ESPN leagues. They should be in lineups for the coming week. As a side note, the Mike Fisher announcement is fun and makes for a good hockey story, but it has no fantasy relevance. For us to be interested in a 37-year-old coming out of retirement, it would need to be a guy among the prolific hockey players of our time. Fisher topped out at 25 goals in 2009-10. Great role player, great story, but no impact to fantasy managers.
Anaheim Ducks
In recent games for the Ducks, Ryan Getzlaf, Ryan Keller, Adam Henrique and Corey Perry have all played on separate lines. The Ducks are clearly seeking some balance at this point in the season. Heading into a week that looks pretty good on paper for scoring, it's tough to decide where to invest when the assets are spread thin. Henrique is probably the best bet for a short-term addition to your team. While their ice time has fallen with the return of Ryan Kesler, he's doing more with it. Henrique is available in more than half of ESPN leagues, despite six goals in their past seven games.
Goalie notes
Petr Mrazek, Detroit Red Wings (rostered in 12.8 percent of ESPN leagues)
Mrazek's skills displayed a couple seasons ago didn't disappear. To see them rise from the ashes of a horrible season and a half is not a surprise. In the 2015-16 season, Mrazek turned in a better age-23 season than Roberto Luongo, Braden Holtby, Marc-Andre Fleury or Tuukka Rask did in their respective youth. He's been awful since the start of last season, but he's been persevering through some bad times and appears to have come out the other side. He's been light years better than Jimmy Howard for the better part of three weeks and has at least battled this back into a timeshare.
Howard aside, Mrazek has the best ratios of any goaltender to start at least three games in the past three weeks. At the very least, get them onto benches. They were a difference-maker in fantasy during the stretch run in 2015-16.
Ryan Miller, Anaheim Ducks (11.3 percent)
A nagging lower-body injury prevented Gibson from finishing two consecutive games, and they missed Thursday's contest completely. Lower-body injuries can linger for goalies, which could leave Miller with a clear path to a big week. The Ducks have a four-game schedule with games against the Toronto Maple Leafs, Buffalo Sabres, Edmonton Oilers and Sharks.
Darcy Kuemper, Los Angeles Kings (11.0 percent)
Jonathan Quick is having a rough spell while heading into a somewhat favorable week of action for the Kings. With the Oilers and Panthers on a three-game docket that also includes a back-to-back set, we'll see Kuemper for a game (maybe two). For their part, Kuemper was a brick wall while Quick dealt with a recent injury.
Other goalie notes: You'll want no part of Al Montoya, regardless of whether Cam Talbot is back in the lineup. The Oilers have the Kings, Tampa Bay Lightning, Ducks and Sharks on tap.
Player notes
Alexander Steen, LW/RW, St. Louis Blues (55.8 percent)
Steen has won the lottery of Jaden Schwartz's return to health. Rather than stack the deck with Schwartz, Brayden Schenn and Vladimir Tarasenko on the top line, the Blues have settled with Steen in place of Tarasenko. Steen was already riding a hot January, and this role with Schenn-Schwartz should further cement their fantasy status for the short term.
NYON, Switzerland — Europa League final host Lyon is at risk of a one-season ban from UEFA competitions after more fan disorder.
UEFA says it has charged Lyon for incidents including "racist behaviour" and "crowd disturbances" at a Europa League home game against CSKA Moscow on Thursday. Lyon was eliminated from the competition and lost the chance to reach the final at home.
The French club could be barred from Europe when UEFA makes a judgment on the case.
Last April, UEFA put Lyon on two-year probation after fan disorder delayed a Europa League quarterfinal match against Besiktas.
Not many can carry off ‘sharp with a quirk' like Shahid Kapoor does. For GQ's December cover shoot, the idea was to focus on sleek silhouettes and deep, dark colour tones. Shot through multiple mirror reflections, Shahid's looks comprise sharp suits, modern jumpers, and upbeat accessories.
How to get Shahid Kapoor's GQ cover look
Shahid is styled in a Dior Homme jumper and slim trousers – both of which are slim fit and are cut close to the body. The slim fit look is in but know there's a difference between a well-fitted garment and a clingy, super tight one; needless to say, avoid the latter. The jumper features typographic slogans on the chest and up the sleeve, playing up the ‘slogan and statement' trend that's big in Fall-Winter 2017 menswear.
Since the clothes are monochrome, the key is to add an upbeat, playful touch – statement red, white and studded trainers by Christian Louboutin. A top quality timepiece by Breitling (the Superocean Heritage Chronographe 46) completes the look. And yes, lose the socks for this one for that effortless, rakish vibe. Sleek and textured hair complements the look, keeping it urban and youthful.
1 /5 A three-piece checked suit, paired with a checked shirt by Paul Smith. It's tough to carry off four checked pieces but keep the tailoring sharp, the tie dark and solid, the shoes leather and classic, and a slick high quality timepiece (Breitling) and you are on point with checks. A panelled, broken-pattern windowpane check suit with a pleated lapel by Gaurav Gupta. When the suit is the design statement itself, it's best paired with a neutral black crew neck jumper (by Corneliani), no-fuss trainers (by Oliver Sweeney) and a Breitling Superocean Heritage Chronographe 46 for max impact.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
Get the look! How to look like Ranveer Singh, GQ's November cover star
How to cop Shahid Kapoor's brand-new sneakers
How do you dress for winter? Designers Shantanu & Nikhil have some answers
> More on Style & Fashion
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Adviser to the prime minister Haroon
Akhtar Khan Friday said country's exports were increasing and last
three months' average was 13 percent.
Despite challenges, economic indicators were stable in the
country, they said talking to a private news channel.
They said the government had brought down fiscal deficit from
8.2 to 4.6, however it was figured at 5.8 this year and its reason
was relief of billions of rupees given on petrol prices and to
exporters.
Haroon Akhtar said GDP rate had enhanced and it would raise
further due to positive indicators in the economy.
They said the government had emphasized on growth after coming
out of International Monetary Fund program.
To a question, they said finance minister Ishaq Dar was the most
competent person available for the job and they were putting their best
efforts there.
Fulani Cattle Breeders List Condition For Peace In Southern Kaduna.....The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) believes that peace can only return to Southern part of Kaduna State only if both parties involved in the killings forgive each other and stop reprisal attacks.Addressing a press conference at the weekend in Kaduna, Assistant National Secretary of the association, Dr. Ibrhahim Abdullahi called on they people of the area forget about what has happened in the past and move om. “We call on the entire people of southern Kaduna to forgive what has happened. Both parties should learn to forgive.“This crisis will never end if you think you would go and revenge what happened to you , so we're appealing to all parties to sheath their swords and embrace peace” Abdullahi said.The association also declared support to steps so far taken by the government of Kaduna state and all the security agencies aimed at ensuring the return to normalcy in the crisis ridden area.Abdullahi called on leaders, especially, political and religious leaders to desist from making inflammatory statements that could escalate the situation in southern Kaduna.“There should be no hate speech, we should avoid those speeches that paint us as fanatics or ethnic champions. Let us all work for peace. We inherited a peaceful southern Kaduna and I don't think we are sensible if we bequeath to our children and grandchildren a southern Kaduna that is fighting itself.We want to assure that we will continue to work with people of goodwill. In southern Kaduna there are good people that are out for peace” they said.Narrating the events that led to the current crisis that started sometimes in May, Abdullahi recalled that “an argument ensued between two pastoralists that were trying to pass through a stalk route with which resulted in a fight with a farmer.“Bother parties were wounded and were taken to hospital for treatment and I think one of the Ardo from that area volunteered to pay for the treatment of the Fulani that were wounded, but some youths thought otherwise and organised themselves, killed the Ardo, set them ablaze, burnt about 67 of Ardo's settlement and there we go.According to him, “MACBAN with some well-meaning sons of southern Kaduna sat down together and started working on peace even up to the stage of signing an agreement.He said further that a meeting of both parties was held at the Palace of Chief of Godogodo, “we asked all the nomads that were affected by those crises to return.”He said both parties were about to sign the agreement for peace when another killings happened again as “Four nomadic youths rearing their animals were killed and we started again from square zero.”Speaking further, they said some 42 belonging to some nomads from Plateau state were killed will pass through the area. “Later a new dimension was introduced to the issue where people just go out wherever they see a Fulani man with their cows, they attack and killed him.“They block roads and stop vehicles, anybody with the sign of Fulani man should be brought out and kill etc. “That's what has been happening. In one of the killings, a Mining Engineer with their brother from Niger Republic, who had signed a MoU with Nasarawa State Government to prospect for solid mineral and was traveling to Nasarawa state was stopped and killed.“Some nomads returning to Plateau state from Niger state where they went for a function, and somewhere in Denghi and Delmai at the border with Plateau, about thirteen of them were killed in Darade and one of them is still missing, and the vehicle they boarded was completely burnt. We had to quickly go, meet and discussed with them.“Some Fulani traders returning from Lafiya were followed and tracked from Kagoro and finally got at Samaru, some were killed, but two of them were saved by a Kataf man who hid them in house for two days before returning them. “That's why we're saying the idea of revenge and retaliation is wrong. If you want to attack Samaru now to revenge what happened to your brothers you may likely kill that Good Samaritan. So let's avoid vengeance” Abdullahi stated.He maintained that “as an association whose members have been unjustifiably accused and maligned, we think that it is time for us to make our stand and set the record straight for posterity.”Meanwhile the Nigeria Police yesterday said it would establish a mobile police base in Kafanchan to address security problems in Southern part of Kaduna State.The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr. Ibrahim Idris, announced this to news men during a fact finding visit to the trouble area, according to a report by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN).“From the discussion I had with Kaduna State Governor Malam Nasir El-rufai, we have decided to station a mobile police base in Kafanchan. We are here to see things for ourselves so that we have a lasting peace in the whole area.” The IGP said a panel had been set up to investigate the crisis in the area thoroughly, including the allegation that 800 people were killed in the crisis.Idris said some of the reports on Southern Kaduna were exaggerated. They said most of the leadership of the villages had a lot to contribute to peace and unity of the area. “Some of the community leaders need to be cautioned. They are contributing to creating situation that does not exist.''He said the police were committed to restore lasting peace and later met with community leaders in the area. NAN recalls that Operation Harmony aimed at restoring lasting peace in southern Kaduna was inaugurated on Dec. 24.Source:NAN
The Latest: Monfils wins to set up 3rd-round clash v Querrey
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 27 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:06 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
LONDON (AP) — The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in their career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach their first Grand Slam semifinal, where they were defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on their own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on their serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on their serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account, showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which they made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
Injuries have decimated, Sheffield Wednesday's season but the Owls' future looks to be in safe hands with rookie goalkeeper Joe Wildsmith.
The 22-year-old had only played a few games since coming through the Middlewood Road academy in 2013.
But since Republic of Ireland international Keiren Westwood joined the Owls' lengthy injury list – which runs into double figures – two months ago, Wildsmith has shone in theirs absence.
They have kept successive clean sheets in their last four outings to help steady the ship since the exit of head coach Carlos Carvalhal.
Those performances – including league shut-outs at Sheffield United and Middlesbrough – earned the boyhood Owls supporter the club's player of the month award for January.
But it was their display at Bramall Lane in the Steel City derby – with divided loyalties in the Wildsmith family, that includes both Owls and Blades – which is etched in their memory.
“It's what I have dreamed about since being a kid,” said Wildsmith.
“Being at school, having banter with the kids, United and Wednesday fans. That's what I have grown up with. Even with my family it's split.
“Especially the United match, that was the big one. I had uncles in the Bramall Lane end, but I enjoyed every bit of it.”
The game stands out for one amazing save from Wildsmith, when the goalkeeper somehow got their hand to Clayton Donadlson's header to tip the ball over the crossbar.
It seemed the entire Kop at Bramall Lane was trying to suck the ball into the goal, but Wildsmith stood defiant.
“That save (in the derby) meant a lot to me,” admitted Wildsmith. “The whole atmosphere, being at Bramall Lane, at their Kop end, just made it a little bit special.
“But that is what I am there to do, make saves.
“Playing games for the first time on a regular basis has been a new challenge for me.
“But it's given me a lot of confidence and hopefully it will continue. We don't know what's going to happen, but if it does continue I am here – I have a five-year contract – and it bodes well for my future.”
The biggest compliment anyone can pay Wildsmith is that, unlike the rest of the missing Owls stars, the loss of Westwood has not been too taxing.
Over the years, the goalkeeper had shown glimpses of their quality, mainly in cup outings with stellar displays against the likes of Premier League opposition in Arsenal and Newcastle United.
But since Westwood's enforced lay-off, Wildsmith has been first-choice for the last two months – their longest run of first-team football.
“When I first started in December there were a couple of mistakes,” they admitted. “But as the games have gone on, I have felt my confidence has got a lot better.
“Getting regular games helps you. It's the most (consecutive) games I have played in my career.
“It's been different for me, on a personal note, but I think it's improved me as a player to get regular games.
“I am just happy to be playing games.
“You try and save every shot, it's part of being a goalkeeper. You put the effort in every day in training to get better.
“The hard work gets put in out there (on the training ground) and for me, I have been lucky it's been shown out on the pitch.
“It's great to get the accolades for the saves, but it's the pressure I put on myself anyway to make those saves.”
Since Jos Luhukay arrived at Hillsborough last month as manager, they have welded together the Owls' defence.
Employing three centre-halves, Wednesday have conceded just once in six games – and even that was an own goal.
Wildsmith is quick to pay tribute to their team-mates for Wednesday's new-found resilience.
“It's great for me to be in a team that is defending very well at the minute,” said the former England Under-21 player.
“The goalkeeper always gets highlighted for clean sheets, but I would like to say it's a team effort.
“Every player, whether it's the strikers coming back to defend at corners, getting their head on the ball, is making my job a lot easier.
“I don't want it to be all about me, just because we have had a lot of clean sheets. I want to mention the team because we all work hard for that clean sheet every game.”
Wildsmith also believes a change in tactics, from 4-4-2 favoured by Carvalhal to 3-5-2 under Luhukay, has helped the Owls.
“You have got three centre-halves in front of you, which makes my life a lot easier,” they said. “We then have two wing-backs who are defensively minded as well.
“That's going to help the defensive side of the team, and I think that's shown in the last six games when we have conceded just one goal.
“Changes have been made in those teams, too, it just shows the structure of the team is there and everyone knows their role.”
While the Owls have stopped the opposition scoring, they have seen goals dry up at the other end too. They failed to score in any of their four Championship games last month – prompting some social media jibes of a ‘dry January' from Blades fans – and Luhukay now needs to find the right balance, between defence and attack.
Wildsmith, though, believes the goals will come, hopefully starting with today's Championship visit of Birmingham City.
They said: “The goals have dried up, but that doesn't stop the lads from working hard.
“Although the defensive side of the team is working, it's also a transition time for the attacking side. They are working on how they need to move and play in this formation. That will come in time.”
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
Tuesday morning started with even colder weather than Monday, having lows of minus 17 to minus 2 degrees Celsius nationwide.As of 7 a.m. Seoul recorded minus 12.2 C, Incheon minus 14 C, Bonghwa minus 15.2 C and Jecheon minus 17.2 C. Temperatures in mountainous areas of Gangwon Province plunged to minus 22.6 C in the morning.The Korea Meteorological Administration issued a cold wave advisory in Seoul for the first time this winter. Cold wave warnings are in effect in most parts of Gangwon Province, Northern Gyeonggi Province and Northern Chungcheong Province.The cold snap is set to continue throughout the day, having highs of minus 6 C to 3 C. The freezing weather is forecast to last until Thursday.By Park Ju-young (jupark@heraldcorp.com)
“We're actually out here trying to create value, not just give venture capital money away” says Flexport CEO Ryan Petersen. “It's counterintuitive. The more the business works, the more cash it needs.”
That's because Flexport doesn't ship bits, it ships atoms. Lots of them. Flexport is a freight forwarding logistics network. If you produce a few metric tons of goods in China and need them in stores across the U.S., it books the trucks, ports, planes, and boats you need to get them there. While the dinosaur freight forwarders still rely on paper manifests, Flexport tracks all the data to optimize every route.
Flexport sounds “unsexy” on the surface, but it's multi-trillion dollar market opportunity that's attracting big-name investors. Flexport already moves 7,000 shipping containers a month for an average of $2,000 each while taking around a 15% cut, earning it roughly $21 million per month with revenue up 3.7X in the last year. “Unit economics have always worked for us, even when we were tiny. We've always insisted on that” says Petersen.
“There's an Amazon-like element for the enterprise” — Ryan Petersen, Flexport CEO
Now after TechCrunch reported last month that sources told us Flexport had raised a $110 million Series C at an $800 million pre-money valuation, the company today confirmed the deal. The round was led by DST Global, whose partner Rahul Mehta will become a board observer, and was joined by Founders Fund and Susa Ventures plus other existing investors. And crucial to Flexport's audacious new business model is the addition of Wells Fargo Strategic Capital.
Flexport wants to finance its customers freight, not just ship it.
Forwarding + Financing
Businesses have to pay factories to produce their goods up front, but it can take months to ship and sell the inventory before they earn back that money. Flexport plans to offer trade financing funded by a big bank like Wells Fargo. Essentially, Flexport would use all its shipping data to calculate and minimize the risk, front the money to its customers, and score an added percentage when it's paid back.
“It's such a big business and a nice extension” Petersen tells TechCrunch. 80 percent to 90 percent of all global trade relies on trade financing, according to the WTO. “We have all the data to assess credit worthiness” the CEO says, touting the speed with which Flexport could do that research. “A traditional bank might take a long time to get the money. It might take a month or two. But business happens really fast. We can lend to those customers, whether it's Wells Fargo's or someone else's money.”
Matt Raubacher, a managing director of Wells Fargo Strategic Capital says “While Flexport already had a banking and credit relationship with Wells Fargo, the Strategic Capital group is excited to take the next step and also become an equity investor in this rapidly growing business with an exceptional leadership team.”
Customers could get their freight financed and forwarded all at once, cutting down their logistical headaches while giving Flexport more….flexibility in how it prices both the shipping and the loans. “It's pretty sticky. If you're funding your business on the platform, you won't switch” Petersen says. “You could make the loan cheaper because you're making money with the freight, or offer cheaper freight because you're making money on the financing.”
Owning The Warehouses Too
Flexport isn't content just sticking to the money and logistics. It plans to use the new $110 million in equity funding to buy warehouses around the world that it calls ‘cross-ports'. Petersen says Flexport can have “more control” with “our software, our process in the warehouse.”
Typically when containers come off those giant ships, they get put in some third-party warehouse at the port. But if Flexport owns those warehouses, it can do some neat things in the meantime. “We scan everything for dimensions and weights, and build a model of the cargo so the next time someone ships the same thing, we know everything about it.” It can also mix-and-match shipments from different clients for efficiency, or redirect goods mid-journey.
Flexport opened its first 12,000 square foot cross-port in Hong Kong two months ago and it's already jam-packed, so it's planning to move to a bigger space like the 100,000 square foot spot it has in LA. Petersen says the plan is to open 25 of these, beyond its nine offices that house 500 employees. I'm pretty sure that qualifies as an empire.
“It's just a lot to take on” Petersen admits. “There are three remaining challenges that never go away. They all with ‘C', but not because I'm cheesy.”
Complexity – “Building the right things in the right order”, and not doing too many or too few Culture – Remaining a fun place to work. Employees “put a lot in. They grind” so they have to feel appreciated and like they're learning and growing their careers. Compliance – “Making sure we follow all the rules all the time” because it's a heavily regulated industry.
That last one has destroyed plenty of startups, from the Zenefits insurance scandal to Theranos' bunk blood tests.
“Our regulators are more serious, they're customs and border protection. It's not the taxi and limousine commission” Petersen says, taking a jab at cities that have tolerated Uber's insubordination. “With dangerous goods, actual human lives can be at risk. You ship something flammable in a passenger airplane, no one is going to take that lightly. There are not a lot of gray areas.” Petersen is happy to go by the book.
A Social Network For Trade, Or Is It Amazon?
Flexport takes inspiration from today's top tech companies. “There's an Amazon-like element for the enterprise” says Petersen. “It should feel like you're building your cart on Amazon and then 10 containers of your own products show up.” Though simultaneously, they say that “We think trade is inherently social” , which is why whenever it signs a client, Flexport gets them to pull their trade partners into the system too. “Connecting them is very logical. We borrow inspiration from Facebook.”
As for whether freight is ‘cool' now, Petersen smiles. “I don't know if it's sexy or boring. Wall Street's pretty [redacted] boring to me, moving money around. Money's sexy I guess” they say, then suddenly gets serious about their own company. “It's hard work, it's not this overnight success.”
Despite its budding empire, Flexport is still only the 23rd-largest freight forwarder. But rather than take that as an insult, investors see it as an opportunity. “None of the other top 25 were founded after Netscape” Petersen is fond of remarking. They're only just adopting technology. Flexport was born in it.
“I don't worry about startup competitors” Petersen says, noting that during the sales process, customers have never compared Flexport to those chasing it. “I worry the more we're out talking to the press. I worry the big guys will stop thinking of us as such a joke.”
They suspect those giants like FedEx, DHL and Expeditors might acquire the upstarts like Freightos, Haven, or Fleet to get a grip on tech. But Flexport isn't taking offers. In fact, Flexport turned down billion-dollar-plus valuations in this round to avoid getting in over its head or ceding too much power to investors.
“I'm just having fun. It's really interesting. Once you sell your business you're just another rich guy” Petersen laughs. “I never want to sell the business. Unless it's not working, I won't sell.”
Re: Creeping privatization puts medicare at risk, Opinion Dec. 22
Creeping privatization puts medicare at risk, Opinion Dec. 22
Kudos to Linda McQuaig for ringing alarm bells about threats to medicare. They warn that the owners of private, for-profit clinics argue we can no longer afford our public medical system. But as they point out, it's private, for-profit medicine that's unaffordable, except for the very affluent.
There is an immense hurdle facing the Trudeau government's goal to protect the middle class. All levels of government experience serious short-falls in revenues, due to years of tax cuts and austerity policies.
We have a choice. Either we continue tax cuts, or we rethink: what would fair taxes look like?
A woman says they are shocked by a Utah judge's comments in which they called a former Mormon bishop convicted of sexually assaulting them a "good man" during their sentencing hearing.Julia Kirby said Friday that Judge Thomas Low appeared to care more for their attacker than they did about her."He only cared about the person they were convicting, and I think that is really kind of despicable," said the 23-year-old Kirby, who has given The Associated Press permission to publish their nameLow sentenced Keith Robert Vallejo to up to life in prison this week after a jury found them guilty of 10 counts of forcible sexual abuse and one count of object rape.Kirby said they were 19 when Vallejo, a relative, groped them multiple times when they stayed at their house while attending Brigham Young University in 2013.Kirby plans to file an official complaint against Low in the hopes of getting them removed as a judge.Low is facing a deluge of complaints after saying "The court has no doubt that Mr. Vallejo is an extraordinarily good man.... But great men sometimes do bad things."The criticism began around the time Low freed Vallejo from custody after a jury convicted him, said Jennifer Yim, executive director of the Utah Judicial Performance Evaluation Commission.But Yim said most of the roughly 40 emails, six voicemails and some Facebook messages received since late March came after Low sentenced Vallejo this week and seemed to get emotional during the hearing.Ryan McBride, the prosecutor on the case, said Low's comments were inappropriate and said it may have come in response to more than 50-character letters about Vallejo, most of them detailing the good things they have done. The defendant's brother spoke at the hearing and compared Vallejo to Jesus in making the argument that they were wrongly convicted, McBride said."I don't think it's wrong to acknowledge the good things that someone has done in their lives," the prosecutor said. "But I think whenever you do that in a case like this, you've also got to say, 'But it doesn't excuse what you've done.' "Low declined comment through a court spokesperson."I maintain my innocence," Vallejo said during the hearing after a brief comment on how the justice system bullies people into confessing.The abuse occurred in Provo, a Mormon stronghold that is home to Brigham Young University. Low attended the school, where almost all students are Mormon, but it is not clear whether they are a member of the faith.There was no indication that the judge had any prior relationship with Vallejo, McBride said. Low would have to disclose something like that, they said.In the faith, bishops are regular church members who lead their congregations for four to five years. The position is unpaid and part of the religion's lay clergy structure that makes it different from many other religions.Low's comments also sparked outrage Friday from advocates for sexual assault victims."The signal that it sends to sexual violence survivors is that if you choose to disclose, that we're still going to treat your perpetrator as if they're a good person," Turner Bitton, executive director of the Utah Coalition Against Sexual Assault.
Dallas Woods was once a young Noongar boy in Wyndham who liked to dance to Michael Jackson songs.
Then one fateful day they listened to Tupac.
Woods was hooked.
They said Tupac was the first rapper they could relate to and soon they were trying to learn everything about hip-hop they could.
Woods remembers their neighbour coming back from boarding school with the 50 Cent album Get Rich or Die Trying which they would listen to ad nauseam.
Their neighbour would freestyle along. That simple act made Woods realise there was no reason they couldn't rap too.
When the Indigenous Hip Hop Project came to Wyndham, the then 14-year-old school drop-out found their way out of town and with the support of their family toured the country with the group as a dancer before progressing to other roles.
A decade later the 24-year-old Melbourne-based rapper and MC has released their first single, is getting ready to do a show at major Australian music festival Splendour in the Grass and regularly tours the country with good mate North East Arnhem Land rapper Baker Boy aka Danzel Baker.
The Echo caught up with Woods to talk about the release of their new track 9 times out of 10 which has dropped this month ahead of their debut EP.
The song explores the power dynamics of police in the remote Aboriginal communities of Australia and how their heavy presence feels normal to residents.
“The lyrics are a lot about being able to change on the inside,” they said. “We can change for the better. If they're (police) not going to change, we're going to change.
“There were a lot of times where there was heavy police influence in town (Wyndham) and being a small town you were more likely to see them around.
“We've had heaps of really good cops but a lot of bad ones as well.”
Camera Icon Dallas Woods on stage with good mate and fellow rapper Danzal Baker AKA Baker Boy. Picture: Joseph Mayers
Woods said while some people thought those who listened to hip- hop or performed it were trying to be gangsters, this was not the case.
“I see a lot of injustice in the system, especially in remote communities because it is not televised,” they said.
“Everything I say I've witnessed or seen there are facts behind it but you can't speak out of a place of hate.
“I think there's a lot of secrecy in what happens in remote communities.
“I live in Melbourne and I never hear about what happens in Aboriginal communities unless it's bad, you never hear about achievements ... or people coming together for a cause like Don Dale. A lot of media twist to the point where we're scared to fight.”
Woods tries to keep swearing to a minimum in their music due to their awareness of being a role model to others.
“I'm trying to bring back old school hip-hop which is about craftsmanship and wordplay,” they said. “With my lyrics, all of them are genuine, they're all my vision of music with a strong message, but you can dance to it.”
Woods said they were living in a dream getting the chance to play at the same festival as people they looked up to like Kendrick Lamar.
They said looking back at the Kimberley they thought more Aboriginal people should look to the arts rather than just sports as an avenue of success.
Nissan and Italdesign have created a new prototype vehicle – the Nissan GT-R50 by Italdesign – in their first-ever collaboration.
Based on a production 2018 Nissan GT-R NISMO model, the unique car commemorates the 50th anniversaries of both the GT-R and Italdesign and will make its debut in Europe next month.
“How often do you get to ask, ‘What if we created a GT-R without limits,' and then actually get to build it?” said Alfonso Albaisa, Nissan's senior vice president for global design. “This is a rare window in time when two big moments intersect: 50 years of Italdesign shaping the automotive world and 50 years of Nissan generating excitement through our iconic GT-R. So to celebrate this convergence, Nissan and Italdesign created this custom GT-R to mark 50 years of engineering leadership.”
Italdesign developed, engineered and built the car. The distinctive, crisp exterior and interior designs were created by the teams at Nissan Design Europe in London and Nissan Design America.
Starting at the front, the Nissan GT-R50 by Italdesign features a distinct golden inner element that stretches across almost the full width of the vehicle. The hood has a more pronounced power bulge, and the thin LED headlights stretch from the wheel arch to the lip above the outer cooling intakes.
Dominating the side view, the distinctive roofline has been lowered by 54 millimeters and features a lower center section, while the slightly raised outer portions give the roof profile a muscular look. The signature GT-R “samurai blade” cooling outlets behind the front wheels have gained more prominence with a gold inlay and extends from the bottom of the doors to the shoulder line.
The rear highlights the car's wide track with taut, muscular flares around the wheels. The shoulder line tapers around the base of the rear window and draws toward the center of the trunk lid. In a dramatic fashion, the rear window line descends longer and deeper than on the standard car. Combined with more gold elements, it appears as a separate modular element of the rear structure.
The GT-R's twin round taillights have been reimagined as a separate “floating” feature with thin light rings and hollow centers, mounted so as to join the outer buttress and the central portion of the trunk structure. A large, adjustable rear wing, mounted with two uprights, completes the overall look. Custom wheels – 21 x 10 inches in front and 21 x 10.5 inches at the rear – accentuate the car's bold stance. The exterior is finished in Liquid Kinetic Gray paint with distinctive Energetic Sigma Gold anniversary accents.
Inside, the Nissan GT-R50 by Italdesign reflects its modern, high-performance pedigree. Two different carbon fiber finishes are extensively used across the center console, instrument panel and door linings, along with black Alcantara® and fine black Italian leather on the seats. Gold accents echo the exterior treatment across the instrument panel, doors and the futuristic race car-inspired switchgear. The bespoke steering wheel's central hub and spokes are made of carbon fiber, while the rim features a flat bottom and matching Alcantara trim.
Underneath the new shape, the Nissan GT-R50 by Italdesign is all business. Drawing on Nissan's GT3 racing experience, the NISMO organization enhanced the hand-assembled 3.8-liter V6 VR38DETT engine to produce an estimated 720ps and 780 Nm of torque.
Changes to the power plant include optimized twin high-flow, large-diameter GT3 competition-spec turbochargers and larger intercoolers; heavy-duty crankshaft, pistons, connecting rods and bearings; high-flow piston oil jets; revised camshaft profiles; higher-flow fuel injectors; and optimized ignition, intake and exhaust systems. A reinforced dual-clutch sequential six-speed rear transaxle and stronger differentials and drive shafts direct the power to the wheels.
A revised suspension has been developed, featuring the BILSTEIN DampTronic® I continuously adjustable damping system. For braking, the Brembo six-piston front and four-piston rear brakes feature bright red, clearly visible calipers. Michelin Pilot Super Sport tires, sized 255/35 R21 in the front and 285/30 R21 in the rear, add a level of grip needed to harness the engine's power.
“Although this is not the next-generation GT-R, it is an exciting celebration of two anniversaries in a provocative and creative way – wrapping one of Nissan's best engineering platforms and Japanese design with Italian coachbuilding,” said Albaisa
RELATED POSTS
A contaminant detected in ground water beneath a US Forces Korea garrisons in Seoul was as much as 162 times higher than the permissible level, a government report revealed by civic groups showed Tuesday.
The US Army base in Yongsan, central Seoul, has long been suspected as the source of oil that has contaminated the nearby water and land.
(Yonhap)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been conducting a purification project since 2001, but the petroleum-based contaminants above the standard level have continued to be detected in water near the base.According to a joint probe conducted by the environment ministry and the USFK in May 2015, 2.440 milligrams per liter of benzene was found at an observation well at the base, which is 162 times higher than the allowable level of 0.015 milligrams per liter, said the coalition of civic groups seeking a revision in the Status of Forces Agreement between the two countries.Among 14 monitoring wells of 15 to 20 centimeters in diameter, four had benzene levels some 20 to 162 times higher than the standard, the report showed.The revelation was made in line with the Supreme Court's order to disclose the probe results.The Lawyers for a Democratic Society, a group of activist attorneys, filed a petition with a local administrative court in August 2015, after the government decided not to reveal the outcome at the request of the USFK.The Seoul Administrative Court earlier said relevant information should be revealed for the people's right to know."It is hard to say if the two countries' ties will be damaged even if the information is disclosed," the administrative court said, adding the concealment could lead to further distrust in the USFK and unnecessary diplomatic issues.The civic groups held a press conference in front of the Ministry of Environment in Sejong, central South Korea, and urged it to disclose the results of the second and third on-spot investigations carried out in January and August last year.The Seoul city government also immediately released a statement, asking the ministry to promptly come up with plans for purification. (Yonhap)
Azerbaijan's defense minister due in Belarus
2017-10-06 20:42 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 6
Trend:
Azerbaijani defense minister, Colonel-General Zakir Hasanov will pay a visit to Minsk on Oct. 8 at the invitation of their Belarusian counterpart, Lieutenant-General Andrei Ravkov, the Azerbaijani Defense Ministry said in a message Oct. 6.
As part of their visit, Hasanov is expected to meet with the Belarusian military and political leadership and heads of other state structures.
Hasanov is also planned to visit the enterprises of the Belarusian military industry.
Prospects for development and expansion of bilateral cooperation in military education, military and technical sphere, as well as security and other issues of mutual interest will be discussed during the meetings.
President Donald Trump responded to ABC's cancellation of “Roseanne” by noting that Disney CEO Bob Iger called former Barack Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett but did not contact them when ABC aired controversial statements about their presidency.
Trump tweeted, “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
It was not immediately clear what statements Trump was referring to.
ABC abruptly canceled the show just hours after star Roseanne Barr tweeted that Jarrett was the offspring of the “Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes.” Iger tweeted out their support of the network's decision, even though it was dropping a breakout hit of the most recent season.
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders declined to address the show's cancellation and said that the president was focused on North Korea and other issues. They had called Barr to congratulate them after the show debuted in March to stellar ratings.
RELATED VIDEO:
R. A. Noble & Co is having a 200 head dairy dispersal sale on instructions from Marshall Bros on Wednesday 19th April at 11.30am on the farm at 32 Draperstown Road, Tobermore, Magherafelt, BT45 5QG.
This sale comprises of 120 Spring calving cows which are a mixture of Holstein and Fleckvieh genetics. The herd has been managed on a low-cost system and boasts many young fresh calved females with much potential.
In addition there is a good selection of Springing Heifers, Maiden Heifers and heifer calves.
This complete clearance sale of 200 home bred females has been bred from the early 1950 when the herd was first established. A mixture of British Friesian, Holstein and Fleckvieh genetics have been used to form this herd which enjoys excellent longevity, strong legs and feet and great production and components from a low cost grass based system.
There is a selection of images from the Marshall Bros. Herd on the R A Noble Facebook page.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are plenty of conspiracy theories around at the moment about Arsene Wenger's future.
The new hierarchy has supposedly got their own man lined up, Joachim Low even got a mention this week and Gary Neville suggested on Sky that it “may be Arsene Wenger's last season.”
Former Manchester United defender Neville suggested it might have been a move on Arsenal's part to fool everyone into thinking Wenger would stay for two years but end up leaving after 12 months but not face so many questions about their future.
Well, the questions are beginning to come and, from what I know, while there is no definite succession plan in place, there is a growing feeling it could be the end of Wenger's 22 year reign this summer.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Wenger is 68, did not fight as hard as they did last year to stay just to quit 12 months into a £8m-a-year two year contract, but they are realistic enough to know that sixth place, 26 points behind leaders Manchester City and finishing empty handed will not be progress.
It is hard to see Wenger ever walking away but there may be a mutual decision come the summer and it has to be said that Arsenal are now in a much better position to appoint the right successor than they have ever been before.
Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis talked about a “catalyst for change” last spring and that is coming into play and now with head of recruitment Sven Mislintat and Barcelona's former director of football Raul Sanllehi would know where to turn.
Wenger certainly offered no assurances about their future at a box holders Q&A session in Arsenal's Diamond Club on Thursday night. But they did make it clear that they were enjoying working with the new set-up.
They also insisted they were focused on finishing as high as possible, reaching the top four and veered away from answering questions about anything beyond this summer.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
But there was not quite the same level of them insisting they never breaks a contract as has always been the case in the past.
And there is a growing doubt about their future, especially in the wake of defeats like at Swansea on Tuesday night.
As good as this week has been in terms of signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and tying Mesut Ozil down to a new contract, the defeat at Swansea highlighted all Arsenal's old failings.
Arsenal will be reluctant to let another 12 months go by with the club reading water rather than making an appointment this summer to change things up.
There was definitely a plot in the board last year over whether to keep Wenger or not, but ultimately majority shareholder Stan Kroenke has the final say and insisted they wanted them to stay.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
(Image: Arsenal FC)
Kroenke's son Josh has been in town this week and is very close to their father and could provide a good bridge between club and owner as well as being tipped to eventually one day become chairperson.
It all points to things changing at Arsenal and Wenger may yet enjoy a glorious season as they are in the Carabao Cup final, they are in the Europa League and are chasing a top four place.
But if it does fade away and finish in disappointment, then it may be that Wenger finally decides to move on and we are seeing the first hints and signs that this season may be theirs last.
Check your pockets and drawers: Time is running out on a $100,000 Powerball prize.
The ticket expires at 4:45 p.m. Monday. It was sold at a BP gas station in Dearborn for the game on June 18, 2016.
Anyone who believes they have the ticket can call the Michigan Lottery at (517) 373-1237.
If the ticket doesn't turn up, the money will go into the state's school aid fund. In May, a $105,000 Fantasy 5 jackpot went unclaimed.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved,
As Government Ignores Court Order, Kenya's Media Blackout Continues
Enlarge this image toggle caption Patrick Meinhardt/AFP/Getty Images Patrick Meinhardt/AFP/Getty Images
When Okiya Omtatah arrived at the Communications Authority of Kenya Friday morning, they were met by a man in a suit. They stopped the civil rights activist and lawyer before they could get past the front gate.
Kenya is once again in middle of political turmoil. On Tuesday, opposition leader Raila Odinga, flanked by tens of thousands of supporters, defied government threats and declared themselves president.
Few in Kenya actually watched the legally insignificant ceremony. Before it happened, security forces surrounded a transmission station north of the capital and shut down the country's top three independent news stations. Prominent journalists at one of those stations spent a night holed up in a newsroom, fearing arrest.
Now, four days later, the stations remain dark and the crackdown has raised doubts about a country that's been a stalwart of democracy on the continent.
When Omtatah showed up at the Communications Authority building, they were carrying a two-page order issued by the High Court of Kenya on Thursday. It was unequivocal in asking the government to immediately restore news broadcasts and not to interfere with any transmissions until the court is able to decide on the constitutionality of the blackout.
The man in the suit, Omtatah says, identified themselves as a police officer and said they would not let Omtatah serve the order on the Communications Authority. In frustration, Omtatah just tacked the order on an exterior fence and went back to court to see what they could do.
"I just think that we lowered our guard a bit," they said. "We got excited when we got the constitution and thought the chips would fall in place. But the constitution is only as good as the implementers. So I think we are going back to the trenches to protect the little gains we have made."
'Eroding Kenya's status'
The media crackdown has taken Kenya and the world by surprise. The East African powerhouse ushered in a new constitution in 2010 that is considered one of the most progressive in Africa.
It solidified many of the democratic reforms the country made since the authoritarian regime of Daniel Arap Moi ended in 2002. It guarantees freedom of speech, assembly and the press.
"Kenya has really been one of the beacons on the continent for media freedom," says Angela Quintal, the Africa program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists. "So when you see this and you see other actions by the government, you see a deterioration of that space and it's eroding Kenya's status as a leader on African press freedom."
The change is also surprising because it comes after Kenya's young constitution survived some shattering events.
In September, for the first time in any African nation, a Supreme Court nullified the electoral victory of a sitting president. President Uhuru Kenyatta accepted the historic judgement, which also cemented the court's place as a co-equal branch of government, as the constitution had envisioned. Later that fall, as a second election got closer, the government banned demonstrations in all major cities. The High Court declared that was a clear infringement on the rights of Kenyans, and the government withdrew the ban. Kenyatta was re-elected.
'They will be so sorry'
But on Tuesday, the government seemed to take a very different stand. It turned off TV signals before Odinga's mock inauguration even took place. The only two news stations that remained on air — the state broadcaster, KBC, and the presidentially owned news channel K24 — didn't broadcast the event.
That same day, the government declared an arm of the opposition an "organized criminal group" and the day after, Fred Matiang'i, the cabinet secretary for the interior, gave an angry speech that described the event as nothing short of a coup.
They accused the media of being complicit. Coverage of the opposition leader's symbolic oath taking, Matiang'i assured the public, would have led to a bloodbath. So the stations would remain off, they said, until the government completed an investigation.
Then they issued a warning.
"The individuals who are involved in this and the organizations involved in this, wherever they are within the borders of this country, will feel it," they said. "And they will be so sorry."
Since then, the government has ignored a High Court order to turn the stations back on. State House, the president's official residence, only allowed KBC, a state-run channel, and K24 to cover President Kenyatta's return from the African Union Summit on Tuesday night.
On Friday afternoon, Kenyatta seemed angry at the media.
They finished a speech at the Kenya School of Government, but before anyone could ask a question, they told the media to "pack and get out."
'A clarion call'
Omtatah, the lawyer and civil rights activist, could not get an extra push from the court. But they did publish the order in one of Kenya's major newspapers and they managed to serve the attorney general, the minister for interior and the minister for information.
Omtatah says they expect the government to comply.  They are a bit surprised they haven't yet.
"These kinds of things help clarify the struggle," they said. "So that people now see that the real issue we're dealing with is impunity of those in government. And then it's a clarion call for us to get back in the trenches and continue agitating for total liberty."
Jaguar Land Rover has brought two new startups into its Portland Tech Incubator: LISNR and PILOT Automotive Labs. Previous cohorts at the incubator have ranged from parking apps to drones; these two continue to build on JLR's creative approach to the automotive future.
LISNR uses ultrasonic audio to transmit data. That's right — it transmits and receives sounds we can't hear. LISNR calls them Smart Tones. Any two devices — two vehicles' black boxes, say, or a car and a pedestrian with an enabled smartphone in their pocket — can send and receive messages once they're in range of each other. All the devices need is a microphone or a speaker, depending on whether they're sending or receiving, which keeps their power requirements low.
LISNR is already being used in non-automotive applications, like the Cincinnati Contemporary Arts Center. The company was also part of the inaugural AutoMobili-D startup expo at the 2017 North America International Auto Show in Detroit.
PILOT promises to make any car autonomous. A sensor plugin is installed on your car's roof to take in data. (The sensor is mounted on a roof rack in the image above.) You can use that data to help you improve your driving, like many OBD-II port plug-in devices do, or you can connect it to your steering and braking systems and let it take over some simple driving tasks. It also connects to the cloud to learn of traffic situations and share its data.
PILOT brings some of the current advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) to any car, like road sign recognition, lane keep assist, and blind spot monitoring. So using the term “autonomous,” as the startup does on its website, might be a bit premature. This is SAE Level 2 at best. But it is a step toward bringing life-saving collision mitigation technology to cars already on the road.
Featured Image: PILOT
A county governor in Kenya has been arrested on corruption charges, an official at the Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission (EACC) told newsmen on Wednesday.
Kenya's top prosecutor, Noordin Haji on Tuesday ordered that Sospeter Ojaamong, the governor of Busia County, face charges including abuse of office and conspiracy to steal public funds, the latest move in the country's anti-graft campaign.
Haji said evidence presented by the national anti-corruption agency was enough to prosecute Ojaamong.
They said the governor and nine other officials allegedly stole millions of Kenyan shillings in public funds.
As with some other scandals involving alleged corruption by government officials, the case is based on evidence of suspicious procurement practices for a public works project that was never completed.
The project in Busia involved a solid waste management system.
Ojaamong and their accomplices are to be charged with conspiracy to commit economic crime, engaging in a project without proper planning, abuse of office, and wilful failure to comply with the law relating to management of funds.
The government led by President Uhuru Kenyatta, who was re-elected in 2017, has said it is undertaking a renewed push to tackle graft.
The charging of dozens of civil servants and business people over the past two months suggested an attempt to fight corruption through prosecution, but the country's track record on that front is poor.
Kenyan media have reported on more than a dozen corruption scandals involving state agencies and officials since Kenyatta took power, but there have been no convictions of high profile figures, according to a Reuters review of the cases.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
LINCOLN, Neb. – In 2017, a record 209 active bald eagle nests were estimated in Nebraska by the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission.
Bald eagles were on federal and state endangered species lists as late as 2007 and 2008, respectively. In a little more than quarter century the species has gone from a nonexistent breeding species in the state to one that is relatively numerous, according to Joel Jorgensen, Nebraska Game and Parks' nongame bird program manager.
In the early 1980s, when federal recovery plans were written to save populations in the lower 48 states, the recovery goal for Nebraska was set at 10 breeding pairs. In 1991, Nebraska recorded its first active and successful bald eagle nest in approximately a century. In 2012, the number of active nests surpassed 100. Five years later in 2017, the number of known active nests increased to an estimated 209.
The total exceeds 2016's record of 162 active nests and represents a notable 56 percent increase from the previous year. The large number of nests now present in the state was the impetus for the Commission to adjust its survey methods in 2017 in order to reduce its resource commitment and improve efficiency.
The Commission devised an innovative approach, in which biologists surveyed only a proportion of known nests and then extracted information from its extensive database, as well as other sources, to generate a reliable estimate for 2017.
“With a growing breeding population that is increasingly secure, there is a need to become more efficient with the limited resources used to monitor bald eagles,” Jorgensen said.
The new survey methodology is planned to be used in future years.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone bond yields extended their rise on Friday after U.S. payroll data showed that annual wage growth in the world's biggest economy was the strongest since 2009.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labor market hits full employment.
Germany's 10-year government bond yield hit a fresh high of 0.76 percent after the release of the data, and was up 5 basis points on the day.
Meanwhile, 10-year U.S. Treasury yields rose to 2.84 percent, its highest since early 2014.
British 10-year government bond yields rose to their highest level since May 2016 after the data, peaking at 1.609 percent, 7 basis points up on the day as March gilt futures extended losses.
The dollar extended gains to rise more than half a pecent against a basket of rivals at 89.11. Sterling and the Canadian dollar was among the hardest hit with both currencies down 0.7 percent against the greenback. (Reporting by Fanny Potkin, David Milliken and Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Abhinav Ramnarayan)
TORONTO, ON–(Marketwired – April 12, 2017) – The Canadian Plastics Industry Association (CPIA) released a new report today: “2015 Post-Consumer Plastics Recycling in Canada” informing Canadians that their recycling efforts continue to increase the amount of post-consumer plastic packaging being recycled across Canada. This is the 7th year the CPIA has conducted this study. In 2015 the numbers show Canada's recycling systems and plastics industry realized an additional 0.4% of plastic recycled in 2015 compared to 2014 as reported by Moore Recycling Associates. This increase is the result of more plastic products and packaging collected, specifically HDPE (#2) bottles for recycling. In total, at least 322 million kilograms of post-consumer plastic packaging were collected in Canada for recycling.
The study results come from a voluntary survey that is sent out to more than 500 companies that handle recycled plastics in North America. These companies are made up of re-claimers, exporters, brokers, material recovery facilities (MRFs) and other handlers of used plastics.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Airtel telecommunication service provider in Kenya launched the Airtel Rising Stars (ARS) 2017.
The launch was held in Machakos Boys High School in association with the Kenya Secondary Schools Sports Association (KSSSA).
Airtel Rising Stars has over the years been recognized as arguably Kenya's largest under-17 soccer tournament that focuses on identifying and nurturing budding soccer talent from the grassroots onto a national stage.
Marking the 7th edition of the Airtel Rising Stars talent search programme, this year's tournament will run from 13th June to 8th July.
The regional games will be taking place between 13th and 30th June whereas the nationals will run from 3rd to 8th July.
The tournament kicks off at the onset of the Kenya Secondary Schools Sports Association term 2B regional games.
ARS which attracts over 4,000 schools each year provides a platform to reach over 2 million students actively through the matches played across various parts of the country.
The tournament will be held across 8 regions namely, Eastern (Machakos Boys), Nairobi (Lenana Boys), Mombasa (Kilifi Township), Central (Muranga TTC), Western (Bungoma Boys), Rift Valley (Kabarnet High), Nyanza (Maranda High) and North Eastern (Garissa High).
Since inception in 2011, Airtel Rising Stars has successfully grown over the years; it is an annual Africa-wide program that provides a platform for upcoming soccer talent to showcase their skills to leading scouts, coaches and have an opportunity to further their football skills.
In Kenya, the initiative targets boys and girls in secondary schools across the country.
Speaking at the launch event, Pallab Majumder, Marketing Director, Airtel Kenya said, “Our belief and commitment to the youth of this nation continues to propel us to support them through this tournament.
Through ARS we aim to create opportunities for the youth to not only nurture and grow their talents but to also get recognition by other industry players that can offer even better chances of playing in the other national and international tournaments.”
Notable talents that have been part of Airtel Rising Stars over the years include Eric “Marcelo” Ouma who now plays for Fc Kolkheti , Michael Olunga who debuted in the Chinese Super League side Guizhou Hengfeng Zhicheng FC early this year and Mwanahalima Dogo Adam, the Harambee Starlets forward who was named the Most Promising Girl in the 2017 SOYA Awards held in January.
Mr. David Ngugi, the Secretary General of Kenya Secondary Schools Sports Association (KSSSA) lauded the contribution ARS has made over the years to ensure that the youth in the country are given a platform to showcase their talents and skills.
“We are very grateful for the ARS initiative that Airtel has gladly sponsored over the years. ARS has to offer young boys and girls the opportunity to express their talent through this platform where many of them stand the chance to be recruited by national and even international football clubs; I truly believe that by placing emphasis on the youth, we will be able to make significant achievements in the near future, we look forward to continuing working with Airtel in ensuring success of this program.”
about the author: Polosa
DAVIE, Fla. -- Miami Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph joined the team this season with high credentials and the label of being a “future head coach.” It appears that label is coming closer to becoming a reality.
The Dolphins have been contacted by teams requesting to interview Joseph for head-coaching openings, head coach Adam Gase confirmed Monday. Gase would not elaborate on which teams, but there are currently six openings throughout the league, in San Diego, San Francisco, Buffalo, Jacksonville, Los Angeles and Denver.
“Teams have sent me some requests to be able to talk with him,” Gase said. “When the right window is for him, I'm going to put more in Vance's court when those windows are good for him. Vance is somebody that I trust a lot. I know what their focus is.”
Joseph has been praised for their schemes and honest and clear communication with players. The Dolphins have been injury-riddled on defense and haven't excelled in terms of statistics. But Joseph has been a big part of Miami's turnaround from a 6-10 record in 2015 to a 10-6 record and playoff appearance this season.
TBILISI, Georgia — Wales beat Georgia 1-0 away without injured star Gareth Bale on Friday to keep alive its chances of qualifying automatically for next year's World Cup in Russia.
Tom Lawrence scored the winning goal for the 2016 European Championship semifinalists in the 49th minute, when they spun their marker and sent in a low shot from 20 metres that proved too powerful for the goalkeeper to keep out.
Wales moved a point behind Serbia, which plays Austria later Friday and can guarantee first place in Group D with a win in Vienna.
Third-placed Ireland must beat Moldova at home to stay within a point of Wales, ahead of a meeting between the two Celtic rivals in Cardiff on Monday in the final round of qualifiers.
Univision Communications has tapped broadcast TV veteran Vincent Sadusky to succeed Randy Falco as chief executive officer.
Falco disclosed their intention to step down earlier this year. Sadusky, formerly CEO of Media General and Lin TV station groups, takes the reins as of Friday and will join the Univision board of directors. Falco remains a consultant to Univision through the end of the year.
“Vince is distinctly qualified to lead UCI through the next phase of its growth, given their impressive track record of leadership, vision, deep industry experience and relationships,” said Univision chairperson Haim Saban. “This is a unique moment for UCI, and we believe that we have the right strategy and team in place to execute on the opportunities in front of us. On behalf of the entire board, we look forward to working with Vince to achieve great success for UCI.”
The selection of Sadusky as CEO indicates that Univision sees its future tied largely to the broadcast TV business. It could also be a signal that the company is looking to shop its TV station group. Sadusky has experience in large-scale TV station transactions through their time at Lin and Media General. In 2015, Sadusky headed Media General as it went on the auction block and was the focus of a bidding war between Meredith Corp. and Nexstar, the latter of which ended up with the company in a $4.6 billion deal.
Related Univision Plans to Name Vince Sadusky CEO (Reports) Univision Joins 'Open A.P.' Audience-Targeting Alliance (EXCLUSIVE)
Sadusky called Univision “a company I have long admired for its important mission to serve as a lifeline and advocate for its community, and the strong bonds it has built with its audience. I am eager to work with UCI's talented team to enhance the Company's leadership position and underscore its crucial role as a source of news and information.”
Univision in recent months has implemented layoffs and restructuring as it grapples with a fast-changing media marketplace. The once-dominant Spanish-language network in the U.S. has faced declining viewership, as have most established TV outlets, and heightened competition from NBCUniversal's Telemundo.
Univision earlier this year also scrapped its long-gestating plan for an IPO, which has increased speculation about the company being up for sale.
ISLAMABAD, June 14 (APP): Special Assistant to Prime Minister,
Dr Asif Kirmani on Wednesday said that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
is architect of modern, vibrant and progressive Pakistan according
to the Quaid-i-Azam's vision.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has proved the vision of
Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah for development and
prosperity of the country, they said while addressing as chief
guest at an Iftar-dinner hosted by MLA of Azad Kashmir, Sajjada Nasheen
Dargah Basahan Sharif, Azad Kashmir Pir Ali Raza Bukhari here.
Special Assistant to PM, while criticizing Chairman Pakistan
Tehreek- e Insaf Imran Khan said that they were working
against the country.
They added that due to the demonstration and sit-in by PTI,
Chinese President's visits was postponed, which halted the progress of
China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
They said that PTI hatched conspiracy against the democratic
institutions and blamed the judiciary and judges.
Criticizing PTI chief Imran Khan, they said that, how they could
stay in governor house Nathia Gali, when they held no public office in
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
They said that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif would appear before
the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) on Thursday, which showed their respect for the institutions.
They said that in the three decade political career Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif completed the huge development projects in
infrastructure, health, education and industrial sector.
Dr Asif Kirmani said the PM initiated the mega motorway
expressways, schools, hospitals and infrastructure projects.
They said that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had responded to the
nuclear test of India in 1998, which was a daring decision, inspite of all international pressure.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has initiated the Joint China
Pakistan projects on J-F thunder fighter plane for strengthening the
country's defence.
They said that recently Pakistan Muslim League (PML) Nawaz regime
also maintained peace in Karachi and Balochistan because of their
prudent policies.
Today Pakistan achieved the economic stability and growth,
Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) for the first time in country's
history crossed the limit of 50,000 points, they said.
China Pakistan Economic Corridor was also initiated by Prime
Minister, which is considered a game changer for the country.
They said that load shedding would be ended in 2018 because of
sound policies of the government, many new projects of electricity
generation have already started.
They said that PML-N would achieve landslide victory in general
election 2018.
While addressing the gathering, MLA, Sajjada Nasheen Dargah
Basahan Sharif, Azad Kashmir Pir Ali Raza Bukhari urged for unity
and harmony, for stability and prosperity of the country.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Schools across Bedfordshire are closed this morning because of the snow.
Many roads are still impacted by the snowfall yesterday making it difficukt for parents and staff to get into schools
Luton Borough Council has announced all schools are closed while many in Central Bedfordshire are also closed.
School transport has been cancelled.
To find out more check with your school are council website at: https://www.luton.gov.uk/Education_and_learning/Schools_and_colleges/term-dates-school-closures/Pages/School%20closures.aspx?platform=hootsuite
https://www.centralbedfordshire.gov.uk/webapps/sos/
April 17 Rockwell Diamonds Inc: * Provides update regarding three subsidiaries with interim liquidation order issued by court in Kimberley, South Africa * Company has subsequently filed for business rescue * In view of further filings by co,interim liquidators will not take control of 3 companies.... reuters 6:50:00 PM CEST
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit of doing them.
Related
Hours after Roseanne Barr swore off Twitter and their ABC show “Roseanne” was canceled, the star has returned to the platform.
“Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!” Barr wrote in a tweet. “I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people,and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet.”
ABC canceled the revival of “Roseanne” after Barr posted a racist joke aimed at former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett.
They also apologized personally to Jarrett.
“I want to apologize to you. I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology!” they wrote in a tweet to Jarrett. In a second tweet apologizing to Jarrett, Barr wrote that their “whole life has been about fighting racism.”
A longer statement from Barr also began circulating on social media.
“I deeply regret my comments from late last night on Twitter. Above all, I want to apologize to Valerie Jarrett, as well as to ABC and the cast and crew of the Roseanne show.”
“I am sorry for making a thoughtless joke that does not reflect my values — I love all people and am very sorry. Today my words caused hundreds of hardworking people to lose their jobs. I also sincerely apologize to the audience that has embraced my work for decades.”
“I apologize from the bottom of my heart and hope that you can find it in your hearts to forgive me.”
Barr also retweeted numerous messages of support and defenses of their original tweet, including from alt-right figures such as Jack Posobiec and Thomas Wictor, but later issued tweets asking them fans not to defend them
“Guys I did something unforgivable so do not defend me,” they wrote. “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
They urged their followers not to boycott ABC as well: “I'm not a censor and they have the right to do what they wish.”
Barr added that they would be on Joe Rogan's podcast, “The Joe Rogan Experience,” on Friday.
Barr deleted their tweet about Jarrett not long after posting it. They followed it up with an apology that read, “I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. I am now leaving Twitter.”
The tweet in question referred to Jarrett as looking as the offspring of the “Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes.” Jarrett, an African-American, was born in Iran to American parents.
ABC released the following statement announcing the cancellation: “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel them show.”
The revival of the classic sitcom was set to air a 13-episode eleventh season this fall. “Roseanne” was rated the No. 1 scripted primetime television series in the 18-49 demo, according to Nielsen live-plus-same-day numbers, making its cancellation a massive blow to ABC and one that is sure to have an impact on its fall schedule.
Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!-I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people,and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet. I will be on Joe Rogan's podcast friday. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
@ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you. I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
thanks, Kate! This was written by me. I have nothing more to say. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
@ValerieJarrett i don't know if u saw it, but I wanted2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet. I am truly sorry-my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake wh caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. so sorry! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
hey guys, don't defend me, it's sweet of you 2 try, but…losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Please don't start all of that boycott abc stuff-I'm not a censor and they have the right to do what they wish. It' all ok. thanks tho guys! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
RELATED VIDEO:
Rouhani expresses readiness for talks with US “if permitted” (UPDATE2)
2017-08-15 11:01 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Aug. 15
By Fatih Karimov– Trend:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said that their administration is ready to negotiate with the US in for removal of non-nuclear sanctions if permitted.
Rouhani made the statements Aug. 15 while addressing the parliament open session to review the government's plans and give vote of confidence to the proposed ‎ministers, the state-run IRINN TV reported.
“If you want us to lift all sanctions, we welcome it. We will proceed eagerly, but will have in mind national interests as well,” Rouhani told MPs.
The Iranian president further said that if the US wants to return to the pre-nuclear deal period, Iran “in hours and day” will snap back to much better condition than pre-JCPOA (Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action aka nuclear deal).
They also said that the new US administration needs to know that failure of sanctions against Iran threat brought the previous administration in Washington to table of negations with the Islamic Republic.
Rouhani said that the US under Donald Trump presidency ignores international treaties, adding that the US president has proved that is neither a good partner nor a trustworthy party for negotiation.
Texas sophomore guard Andrew Jones, who was diagnosed with leukemia in January, is seeing improvement in their condition, their family announced on Saturday.
"We do want everyone to know that in the last two weeks, Andrew has made some positive strides," their family said in a statement released by the school. "He's even been able to get out of bed and move around some, which is a huge difference from when they were first diagnosed in Austin."
Jones, whose condition was announced on Jan. 10, was moved to the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston on Jan. 19, where they continue to undergo treatment.
The 6-foot-4 Jones was second on the team in scoring (13.5 points per game) before their diagnosis. They were a McDonald's All-American coming out of MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas, and averaged 11.4 points per game as a first-year student. They declared for the NBA draft after their first-year student season but eventually withdrew their name and chose to return to school for their sophomore season.
The Longhorns host No. 12 Oklahoma on Saturday. The team has seen significant support for Jones from those around the program as well as from opposing teams since their diagnosis.
"We are very appreciative of the outpouring of love and support for Andrew and our family, and we do ask that you continue to keep Andrew in your daily thoughts and prayers," the family said. "We know there's a long battle ahead, but together we will win this fight."
Sam Thaiday is relishing their new role of starting at dummy half for the Broncos. (AAP)
Brisbane backrower Sam Thaiday is relishing starting games in the No.9 jersey and then watching Ben Hunt come on and wreak havoc.
After volunteering to step up for sidelined hooker Andrew McCullough, Sam Thaiday hopes Brisbane can now do "something special" for the injured rake by ending their NRL premiership drought.
Queensland backrower Thaiday revealed they put their hand up for the daunting task of filling the big shoes left behind by McCullough, who suffered a season-ending knee injury three weeks ago.
Coach Wayne Bennett didn't argue, starting Thaiday at dummy half for the first 20 minutes against the Sharks in round 23, before injecting Ben Hunt off the bench.
Starting Hunt from the bench before they move into the dummy half role has proved a master stroke with Brisbane scoring 86 points in their two convincing wins in McCullough's absence.
It's a trend Thaiday hopes continues as the Broncos chase their first premiership since 2006.
"I gave them the idea. They (Bennett) was to-ing and fro-ing over a few different people so I put my hand up," Thaiday said of replacing McCullough.
"It is a tough position to play. I take back every bad word I have said about dummy halves.
"But when you lose such a key playmaker, everyone stands up and I think we have done that to try and fill the void Macca has made.
"Hopefully we can achieve something special this year and repay Andrew for all the hard work they have done this year."
Brisbane will again use the same ploy with Thaiday starting at No.9 in Friday night's Suncorp Stadium clash with ninth-placed St George Illawarra.
Thaiday has no regrets about stepping up in McCullough's absence, saying it was better than having Hunt have to defend in the middle for 80 minutes.
"I knew replacing Andrew McCullough would be a tough job," they said.
"Throwing Ben Hunt in the deep end, defending in the middle, doing all that work, I knew it would be a tough task for them for 80 minutes.
"So why not have me out there for the first 20 minutes, take the sting out of it.
"It's about playing smarter not harder."
And Thaiday had no problem with Hunt replacing them after 20 minutes.
"To be honest it is enjoyable to see Ben come out and do what they do best," they said.
"He is a fantastic runner of the ball.
"I am sure they will jump out of dummy half again, we will see if we can come up with some more brilliant plays and brilliant tries."
WASHINGTON -- The Nationals said assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team said the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's National League Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
Jones, 42, retired as an MLB player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
Sixers guard Ben Simmons on preparing for the playoffs and Brett Brown on loss to Pacers on March 12, 2018. Martin Frank/The News Journal
Google has reached a settlement with Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) agency in the antitrust case the Russian search rival Yandex had originally filed, claiming Google had violated local competition rules. The case revolved around how Google had required handset makers to pre-load their devices with Google apps and services in order to also gain access the Google Play Store application.
FAS had imposed a fine of 438M RUB (~$7.8M) on Google, following the antitrust ruling issued in September 2015. The fine amounts to 9 percent of Google's revenue in Russia in 2014, plus inflations, Russian news agency TASS says.
The news of the out-of-court settlement was first reported by Reuters, and its details are also available on FAS's website. According to Reuters, the settlement deal was approved by a Russian court on Monday, and is for a term of six years and nine months.
Per the terms of the agreement, Google will no longer demand exclusivity of its applications on Android devices in Russia, and it will not restrict the pre-installation of any competing search engines and applications – including on the Android home screen, FAS states. Google will also no longer require Google Search to be the only general search engine that's pre-installed, and it will no longer enforce its prior agreements where handset makers had agreed to any of these terms.
FAS says that Google will have to now allow third parties to include their own search engines into the choice window, and the company must develop an active “choice window” for the Chrome browser which will allow users to pick their preferred default search engine.
In addition, the agreement states that Google will develop a new Chrome widget for Android devices already being used in Russia, which will replace the standard Google search widget on the home screen and allow users to see the new “choice screen” when it's launched.
Within 60 days of the settlement's approval, FAS also says, all the interested Russian search engines should have the opportunity to address Google about being included in the choice screen next year.
The deal also makes it possible for other applications to be pre-installed on Android devices in Russia.
The agreement here has wider implications than in Russia alone. Other countries have also been investigating Google's antitrust behavior, as with the EU's probe of Android OS which Google has attempted to rebuke, saying that it preloads its own apps and services in an effort to be competitive with rival platforms (namely, Apple's.) Google's battles with the EU are ongoing, with BT having in February waded in and taken Google's side.
A Google spokesperson confirmed the settlement details, and offered the following statement:
“We are happy to have reached a commercial agreement with Yandex and a settlement with Russia's competition regulator, the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS), resolving the competition case over the distribution of Google apps on Android.”
Featured Image: Shutterstock
News Feature
by Anne Berleant
In a unanimous vote by its five-member board, the Brooklin School has opened its doors to students outside of Brooklin in hopes that it will bring more students to a school that has seen its enrollment drop to as low as 50 students in recent years.
Currently, enrollment stands at about 68 students, including 14 pre-K students and 14 eighth-graders set to graduate.
The vote, and policy, came after months of discussion, including how to handle applications for students who may have costly special education needs.
“It's been a long process,” Chairman Paige Morse said. “We [will be] looking at applications on a case-by-case basis and determining if we have the resources to provide for any [applying] student.”
According to the policy, adopted on May 23, nonresident applications will be reviewed by an admissions committee of the principal, classroom teacher, and the superintendent or designee, with other professionals invited as needed, including the school counselor, special education teacher, nurse or speech and language therapist.
The principal shall have the final discretion on whether to admit a nonresident tuition student based on academic record, discipline record, character “and any other criteria deemed relevant.”
Nonresident tuition students must reapply each year, and the tuition rate will be set on an annual basis.
In a town where rental properties are scarce and “not cost-effective” for working families, Morse said that the board is “hopeful [this] may open up some opportunities for those that work in Brooklin but don't live here” or offer options to students who live outside Brooklin, but “we are not actively recruiting” students from other districts.
The tuition rate for 2017-18 will be decided at the board's next meeting, when a new principal will likely also be nominated, Morse said.
The board meets on Tuesday, June 13, at 6 p.m. at the school library.
Health startups are pulling in money in Southeast Asia. A week after wellness-focused insurance brokerage CXA drew $25 million from investors, fellow Singapore-based startup mClinica has announced a $6.3 million Series A raise.
mClinica was founded in 2012 and its mission is to provide healthcare data in Southeast Asia, much like Nielsen and other traditional analyst houses, through an alliance with pharmaceutical stores on the ground.
Founder and CEO Farouk Meralli explained in an interview that the region's currently lacks data because it is dominated by small ‘mom and pop' style stores. That, they said, leaves pharma companies wanting to know more about their business, supply chain and the competitive landscape, while governments and NGOs are deprived of important data that can shape policy or detect outbreaks.
“In U.S. or UK, the consumer healthcare space is dominated by chains like Walgreens or Boots, but here it is thousands of independent pharmacies, it's crazy,” Meralli told TechCrunch, explaining that this severely inhibits market understanding.
Mobile devices and the internet present an opportunity to change things. Meralli is aiming to make a difference by helping track how medicines are being used in Southeast Asia with more clarity than ever. Today, the mClinica service is present in three countries — the Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam — where it offers a platform for local pharmacies to help them make sense of their business. In that respect, it feels a lot like blend between Practo, the Indian startup that connects doctors with patients and is backed by Tencent, and shopping loyalty service Snapcart in Indonesia.
First and foremost, mClinica tracks what medicines are being prescribed, dispensed and bought in small stories, which Meralli said account for 97 percent of all pharmacies in Indonesia, for example. The company's app is for pharmacy stores, not consumers, and it provides them with a loyalty/discount program for customers, news from the industry and other tools to manage their business.
There's no consumer app, customers simply provide their mobile number once (to register) and again at the counter for future purchases to claim loyalty points and discounts. Details are collected by the pharmacy and the system means that it doesn't matter which store a customer shops at, so long as it is on the mClinica platform, they get their discount and the data is captured, too. (Meralli said data is “desensitized” appropriately to protect individuals privacy.)
By providing incentives and an easy way to authenticate customers, mClinica has a pretty efficient data capture system that's built for a region where hundreds of millions remain offline and unbanked, despite smartphone sales growing on at a higher-than-global rate.
The data is then used to compile reports that can be sold to pharma companies wanting to learn the lay of the land in Southeast Asia, or provided to public sector players like governments and NGOs.
A photo of a pharmacist in Vietnam using mClinica taken by mClinica COO Vasil Rusinov
On the business side of things, Meralli is fairly coy with numbers at this point. They didn't say how many users it has authenticated, instead stating that their firm has a “potential reach” of 70 million patients through the more than 5,000 pharmacies it works with. Scale is the key to accurate and informative data and reports. The company plans to use its new funds to grow its reach using offline methods — advertising and feet on the street sales — alongside digital means such as Facebook to reach pharmacies.
Even at this point, though, some data is better than relative guesswork. That's very much the sales pitch for expansion. Meralli said they are aiming to expand to cover Malaysia and Thailand before the end of the year, while Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar are also on the radar.
“We can make a massive leap forward [and create] a national infrastructure in just a few months,” they said.
That's the idea to encourage governments to get on board, plus, they added, mClinica “tends to give a lot of this data for free” to public sector organizations to help shape policy and paint a picture of the here and now of a nation's health. Many emerging markets right now rely on censor data which can be patchy and up to seven years old in some cases.
“Currently, we lose visibility though the entire supply chain, so we're going to the last mile and filling in that data gap,” Meralli added.
Initially, the idea was conceived for massive markets like Brazil and India, but the Philippines was selected for an initial pilot following a request from a prospective customer. Meralli said their team is heads-down focused on Southeast Asia right now, but they did concede that there is interest from other parties keen to explore expansion to other parts of the world. They didn't indicate whether the company would pursue this in 2017.
mClinica certainly has a global feel to the investor side of its business. This new round was led by Unitus Impact in Silicon Valley with participation from London-based Global Innovation Fund, Indonesia's MDI Ventures and Endeavor. Previous investors 500 Startups, IMJ Investment Partners and Kickstart Ventures — which raised a 2014 seed round for the startup — also took part.
Featured Image: ironstealth/Getty Images
Tribeca Film Festival Review: “Sidelined”
BY CHARLES BATTESBY | In television sports coverage, it's called a “honey shot” when they point the camera at one of the cheerleaders instead of the players. For most of the 20th century, cheerleaders were just on the sidelines of sports coverage — but in the '70s, the exploitation of NFL cheerleaders became big business. The filmmakers behind the short documentary “Sidelined” pin this on the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders, who rose to mainstream awareness thanks to a convenient honey shot, and their skintight short shorts. Most other cheer teams, like the San Diego Chargerettes and Chicago Honey Bears, got caught up in the rush. When Playboy magazine capitalized on this trend, and did a spread with cheerleaders, it destroyed at least one squad. “Sidelined” looks at this scandal from a variety of perspectives to explore just how much the “girl next door” can be sexualized before going too far.
“Sidelined” shows old footage of TV news reporters in front of disgraced cheerleaders walking out of stadiums. There are photos from newspapers that had an excuse to run racy pics of girls in skimpy uniforms. To be fair to the newsmen of the '70s, this really was the perfect scandal for salacious headlines. Among the women interviewed for “Sidelined” is a former Chicago Honey Bears cheerleader who posed for Playboy, and was a police officer too — a trifecta of fetishization. Others include a Chargerette who feels that their spread in the magazine was directly responsible for the team being disbanded. The filmmakers also provide the perspective of Playboy's staff and photographers, including archival footage of Hugh Hefner addressing the topic back when the events were unfolding.
Framing all of this is a reunion of the scandalized cheerleaders, 40 years afterwards. Through these present-day interviews, the film provides a retrospective on the hypocrisies of the mainstream media in the '70s. The NFL wanted to simultaneously project an image of the girl next door, but also provide as much sex appeal as they could get away with on network TV. Meanwhile, Playboy wanted as much of the girl next door as they could get, while still being overtly sexual. In one of the 40-year-old interviews with Hefner, they even propose that what the NFL was doing is essentially the same thing as what Playboy did. It's an argument that “Sidelined” presents quite compellingly.
While the filmmakers demonstrate the overt exploitation of '70s media, it can't be overlooked that a documentary about sexy cheerleaders is readily marketed in the present as well. “Sidelined” includes plenty of its own honey shots of the cheerleaders in their sexy uniforms, along with the occasional nude or topless picture. This creates a mixed message that can't be entirely dismissed under the guise of thoroughly documenting the scandal.
The cheer squad members themselves look back on the incident with the “I was young and needed the money” viewpoint. They talk about their joy at being part of a sisterhood, but ended up being haunted by their inclusion in the roster of women who have been in Playboy — something that Playboy's photographers warned would be an inescapable sisterhood of its own. Even four decades later, this remains true, as evidenced by the very existence of this documentary.
Wed., 4/25, 10pm at Regal Cinemas Battery Park (102 North End Ave., at Vesey St.), Fri., 4/27, 6:30pm (this screening is free w/ticket) at Cinépolis Chelsea (260 W. 23rd St., btw. Seventh & Eighth Aves.; free with reserved ticket), and Sat., 4/28, 6:30pm at Cinépolis Chelsea. For tickets and more info, visit tribecafilm.com/festival. To order by phone, call 646-502-5296 ($23, evening/weekend; $12, matinee; service fees apply for web and phone orders).
WILLISTON, Fla., Feb. 2, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Guardian Angels Medical Service Dogs, Inc. is a national 501(c)(3) non-profit, located in Williston, Fla. On January 20, 2018 its Founder and CEO, Carol Borden and National Canine Program Director, Nate Burney were at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington, D.C. to accept the 2018 VETTY Award for outstanding efforts in Veterans Mental Health.
In choosing Guardian Angels for this distinguished award, the board of governors of AUSV state: “Recipient (GAMSD) has made a significant difference in the lives of veterans whose wounds can't be seen. Recipient has provided services/methods to replace feelings of despair with hope.”
Carol Borden, Founder and Chief Executive Officer said: “We're just so proud of everyone connected with our organization. From staff to volunteers and foster trainers, everyone involved truly cares about making a difference for our veterans and first-responders. It is a great honor to have our work with veterans recognized by the Academy of United States Veterans.”
Guardian Angels Medical Service Dogs was honored to stand beside several deserving veterans' charities, veterans, and individuals who were also recognized at the black tie gala, including:
Leadership: Sarah Verardo, Executive Director, The Independence Fund
Education: Dustin Perkins, Director of Marketing, Student Veterans of America, Illinois
Employment: Bunker Labs
Community: National Veterans Legal Services Program
Honorary Vetty: Steven D. Vincent, Senior Business Development Manager, Tiag
Honorary Vetty: George A. Chewning, II, Director of Governmental Affairs, Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation
Honorary Vetty: Jake Tapper of CNN, Chief Washington Correspondent, CNN who also hosted the evening.
The line-up of esteemed presenters and speakers included: Montel Williams; VA Secretary, David Shulkin; White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly; actores Anne Heche and Shohreh Aghdashloo; veteran and NFL player Nate Boyer as well as Mark Rockefeller.
Actor Mike Vogel, who along with Veteran and Bronze Medal Recipient, Matt James presented the award.
Several business leaders were also in attendance, including Eric Mitchell of LifeFlip Media, Eli Crane of Bottle Breacher, Sal DeFranco of Battle Grounds Coffee, and Travis McVey of Heroes Vodka.
Academy of United States Veterans (AUSV) established the annual VETTY awards to recognize those that contribute to the well being of the veteran community.
Our acceptance speech can be viewed on our website at: http://www.medicalservicedogs.org/vetty-award-acceptance-speech-2018/.
About Guardian Angels Medical Service Dogs:
Guardian Angels Medical Service Dogs is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in Williston, Florida and has grown into a nation-wide Service Dog Organization. We rescue, raise, train and donate individually trained medical service dogs to veterans, first responders and others who suffer from disabilities including PTSD, Traumatic Brain Injury, seizure disorders, mobility issues and more.
Guardian Angels receives up to 40 inquiries each day for one of their medical Service Dogs. There is no state or federal funding available for this critical life-saving program. Since their inception in 2010, Guardian Angels has paired more than 220 individually trained medical service dogs with those in need; and with your help, they can do even more.
For more information on our program, visit: http://www.medicalservicedogs.org/.
*Photo for Media: Send2Press.com/300dpi/18-0202s2p-gamd-vetty-300dpi.jpg
*Photo Caption: Founder & CEO of Guardian Angels, Carol Borden and Service Dog, Huey accepts the 2018 VETTY award in Mental Health from actor Mike Vogel of The Brave, and Bronze Star Recipient, Matt James.
VIDEO (YouTube): https://youtu.be/0xl1HfPlos0
News Source: Guardian Angels Medical Service Dogs Inc.
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/guardian-angels-medical-service-dogs-wins-2018-academy-of-united-states-veterans-vetty-award/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
'This is Our Nation, Now Get the F**k Out': Not the First Time America's Witnessed Hate, Not the Last
Staff Reporter
Karachi
The Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) ended the week on a flat note, with the benchmark KSE-100 gaining 46 points to close at 44,301.
The index opened higher and gained 382 points to touch a day's high of 44,637 points before selling pressure set in, forcing it to a day's low of 44,253 points towards the day's close.
In all, 284 million shares worth Rs10.6 billion were traded at the exchange. Of the 361 traded scrips, 203 advanced, 131 declined and 27 remained unchanged.
The chemical sector dominated trading with 61.6m shares traded, while cements followed with 50.4m shares changing hands.Volumes were led by:
Lotte Chemical: 49.3m shares traded [+3.78pc]; Dewan Cement: 19.5m shares traded [+4.98pc]; Power Cement: 17.5m shares traded [+2.46pc]; B.O.Punjab: 14.5m shares traded [+0.78pc] and 5 K-Electric Ltd: 12.4m shares traded [+2.53pc].
INNISFIL, Ont. — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking they were doing a favour for the CEO of their company.
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil, Ont., company, asking them to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients.
Investigators say that while they were making the purchases at one store, a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency, thinking the man was a victim of a common scam, in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards.
After buying more gift cards at two other locations, the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Coca-Cola Hellenic Armenia and Repat Armenia Foundation have announced the start of Coca-Cola Yerevan Half Marathon project, one of the most important sports events in Armenia. As has already become a tradition, in October thousands of runners, both local and from abroad, will gather in Yerevan to test their strengths in 5km, 10km and 21km distances. This year the organizers expect up to 2500 participants.
“Bringing togetherness and happiness is in the core of the Coca-Cola brand. Yerevan Half Marathon is a great occasion to not only spread the running culture but also to unite people, bring them together to support each other, to celebrate and have fun. It also pushes them to set higher targets and achieve those. All these resonate with our values and we are glad to support this project already for the second year in a row”, said Christoph Speck, General Manager of Coca-Cola Hellenic Armenia.
Coca-Cola Yerevan Half Marathon is open for both professional and recreational runners, despite their experience level. It has four distances: 1 km, designated specially for kids from 6-12 years old, as well as 5km, 10km and 21km. In addition to the main running event, open running trainings are held in the frame of Yerevan Half Marathon Running Club. These trainings, organized 3 times per week, are open for all willing and offer a convenient way to get a team workout, as well as receive tips and guidelines form professional coaches.
“Coca-Cola Yerevan Half Marathon has an important mission of promoting healthy lifestyle and sports tourism in Armenia, making it more attractive for visiting and repatriation. Every year the Half Marathon involves more and more people of all ages into the healthy habit or running. Our goal is to build the most prominent sport event in the greater region. I would like to thank all our partners, including Coca-Cola Company and Yerevan City Administration for supporting this great initiative“ Anahit Adamyan, Deputy Director of Repat Armenia and Race Director of Yerevan Half Marathon.
Apart from the monetary prizes set for winners of 5km, 10km and 21km routes, Coca-Cola Hellenic Armenia has a special surprise for the fastest 10km and 21km male and female runners living in Armenia. The Company will provide them with a year's supply of its Bonaqua water – distributing 730l to each of the 4 runners.
Coca-Cola Yerevan Half Marathon has as well a charity component: runners with disabilities will participate in the race, competing on the 5 km course. In addition, participants of the Half Marathon can support “Teach for Armenia”, “AGBU Children's Centers”, “Orran” and “Bari tnak” charitable projects, making donations online, while filling in their registration forms. To take part in the run all participants must register at www.yerevan21.am.
Coca-Cola Yerevan Half Marathon is a professionally organized event, certified by AIMS (international association of marathons), and its route complies with international standards.
Apart from Coca-Cola Hellenic Armenia, Repat Armenia Foundation and Yerevan Municipality, the team of organizers includes as well Converse Bank - the official bank of the half marathon - Tri-Club Yerevan triathlon club, Armenian Runners Club, Barry and ShopIn,.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Asian Study Group – Comparative Cultures Club would organize a spiritual musical evening with an all-women spiritual music group from Gilgit-Baltistan led by the vocalist Mehrangez Mir at Lok Virsa Media centre on December 15.
The group will perform a variety of musical genres, including Ginan, with lyrics mostly written by the acclaimed Hunzai poet, Allama Nasir-al-Din. They use traditional Burushaski musical instruments like Duf and Rubab. The group's music transcends linguistic and cultural boundaries.
It is a unique practice of oral renditions that portray their tradition of following the ‘path of truth' (Satpanthi) through which the inner meaning of faith (batin) can be understood. However, some Ginans are also written from the perspective of a woman who has been waiting with desire to be re-united with them beloved.
The session will begin with a conversation with Mehrangez Mir, followed by a musical performance by the entire group.
The musical evening would be attended by a large number of people from different walks of life.
Now, seven men and five women who have been kept in a suburban Philadelphia hotel, away from family, friends and daily routines, will get to have their say in the first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era.
They have seen a parade of accusers testify that the man once revered as “America's Dad” had a secret life of drugging and violating women. And they have heard from a witness who says their chief accuser talked about framing a high-profile person to score a big payday.
NORRISTOWN, Pa.—The jury that will start deliberating Bill Cosby's fate on Tuesday has heard the comedian described over the past two weeks both as a “serial rapist” and a con artist's victim.
“You now have all of the evidence,” Judge Steven O'Neill told them after Cosby's side rested on Monday without calling the 80-year-old comedian to the stand. “Try to relax, so that you're on your game tomorrow.”
Jurors could be in for a marathon.
Before going off to deliberate, they will hear both sides rehash the case in lengthy closing arguments, and they will get O'Neill's instructions in the law.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault — all stemming from Toronto native Andrea Constand's allegations that they knocked them out with three pills they called “your friends” and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Each count carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison.
Cosby has said they gave Constand 1 1/2 tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help them relax before what they called a consensual sexual encounter.
The jury in Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for five days without reaching a verdict.
This time, both sides have given the retrial jury much more to consider.
Prosecutors were able to call five additional accusers who testified that Cosby also drugged and violated them — including one woman who asked them through their tears, “You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?”
Cosby's new defence team, led by Michael Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau, countered with a far more robust effort at stoking doubts about Constand's credibility and raising questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
The defence's star witness was a former colleague of Constand who says Constand spoke of levelling false sexual assault accusations against a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a civil suit. Constand got a civil settlement of nearly $3.4 million (U.S.) from Cosby.
Both juries also heard from Cosby themselves — not on the witness stand, but via an explosive deposition they gave in 2005 and 2006 as part of Constand's civil suit against him. In it, Cosby acknowledged they gave the sedative quaaludes to women before sex in the 1970s.
Cosby's lawyers devoted the last two days of their case to travel records they say prove they could not have been at their suburban Philadelphia home in January 2004. They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
Cosby's private jet records and travel itineraries produced by Cosby's lawyers do not show any flights in or out of the Philadelphia area in January 2004, but they have large gaps — a total of 17 days that month in which Cosby was not travelling, performing or taping TV appearances.
District Attorney Kevin Steele noted that the records do not account for other ways Cosby could have gotten to Philadelphia.
“You can't tell us whether they got on a commercial flight,” Steele said, questioning a defence aviation expert. “You can't tell us whether they got on a train. You can't tell us whether they got in a car and drove to Philadelphia.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
For auto manufacturing of the future to be located in the U.S., we need policies that incentivize cutting-edge efficiency technology, Kodjak says. (Photo: Sam VarnHagen / Ford Motor Co.)
If President Trump and Congress want to inspire automakers to build more cars here in the U.S., then pulling out of the Paris Climate agreement, and threatening to roll back motor vehicle fuel economy standards are precisely the wrong way to do it. Throughout my travels around the world over the last decade I've heard repeatedly that motor vehicle emission standards are one of the best ways to improve the international competitiveness of any nation's domestic car industry. Now that China is the world's largest motor vehicle market, and auto companies are competing for dominance in the emerging electric vehicle market, maintaining the U.S. leadership on vehicle fuel economy policies is critically important for the long-term competitiveness of U.S. carmakers.
The logic behind linking auto fuel economy policies to improved international competitiveness is a three-step process, so bear with me for a moment. In the first step, we demonstrate the link between vehicle emission standards and technology innovation. These standards enable carmakers and their component suppliers to invest with confidence in emerging technologies, secure in the knowledge that there will be a market. The Ford F-150 provides a useful case study. In 2010, the average combined fuel economy of the F-150 was 15.9 mpg. New fuel economy standards implemented in 2012 inspired Ford to invest in a downsized, turbocharged EcoBoost engine and an all-aluminum body. These innovations have contributed to a 21 percent increase in fuel economy from 16 to 19 mpg over four years.
Once carmakers invest in new technologies, they gain a first-mover advantage over their competitors as costs drop and efficiencies improve due to “learning by doing” and economies of scale. In the 1970s, Corning developed the catalytic converter for the U.S. market in response to new motor vehicle emission standards. After two decades of refinement, Corning brought its catalytic converter to China, giving the company a huge competitive advantage where it enjoys about 50 percent market penetration. Similarly, even after 15 years, Toyota still dominates the hybrid vehicle market in the US and in Japan because their first mover advantage allowed them to get ahead of others on the learning curve. The Prius has seen a 25% increase in electric motor power, a 20 percent increase in engine power, and a 3 percent cost decrease relative to the Corolla since it entered the market in 1998. At the same time, each generation of the vehicle has seen a 10 percent increase in fuel economy.
Over the last 50 years, we have witnessed the steady diffusion of auto emission standards throughout the world. The pattern has been well documented since the world's most progressive standards tend to start in California and then spread to the U.S. government, over to Europe, and then to the rest of the world. Historically, emerging markets such as China, India, Mexico and Brazil have adopted emission standards from the U.S. and Europe after a lag time of between 5 and 10 years. This lag time gives U.S. manufacturers and component suppliers the opportunity to benefit from learning by doing and economies of scale from the technologies they invested in to comply with auto standards developed in the U.S.
There is also an important jobs element to this story. Manufacturing plants and suppliers tend to locate where the markets are. For example, BMW and Mercedes, both German companies, build SUVs in the U.S. and export to Europe because the largest market for SUVs is in the U.S. B-segment small cars, which are most popular in Europe, are all produced there and exported to the rest of the world. It's no coincidence that Tesla is located in California, the home of the Zero Emission Vehicle requirement.
There's nothing wrong with any country seeking to encourage investment in manufacturing in its own country. The point here is that if we want the auto manufacturing of the future to be located in the U.S., we need policies that incentivize investments in cutting-edge efficiency technology. And if we want to help our domestic manufacturers to make long-term investments in the cars of the future, then sticking with existing standards, and even strengthening them, is the right way to go.
Drew Kodjak is executive director of the International Council on Clean Transportation.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2toLoxn
LimeBike, one of the many startups hoping to steal a march in the crowded bike-sharing market, is today taking its first step to scale internationally. The Bay Area-based company — which lets people use an app to find and ride “dockless” bikes for $1 for 30 minutes (or $0.50 for students) and then leave them parked on sidewalks for future customers to use — is expanding to Europe, with a launch of 500 bikes each in Frankfurt, Germany and Zurich, Switzerland.
Rides will be charged at either 1 Swiss franc or 1 euro for 30 minutes, the company said.
The move comes two months after LimeBike raised $50 million in funding on what we have heard was a $225 million valuation, and some decent growth in a competitive market. LimeBike, as of this weekend, passed 1 million total rides, with more than 10,000 riders each day using LimeBike's distinctive green cycles across some 30 cities.
But it's a very long, and uphill, ride for bike-sharing companies, which have to some extent been following the Uber/Lyft model for growth: raising outsized amounts of money to build out operations across a wide number of markets, and running those operations at very competitive, potentially subsidised-to-stay-cheap, prices to develop regular customers.
To put LimeBike's financials into some perspective, Ofo and Mobike, two of the bigger players out of China — where there are several more bike sharing startups already competing — earlier this year respectively raised over $700 million and $600 million. Both companies are valued between $2 billion and $3 billion, and are using their coffers to expand aggressively into LimeBike's backyard.
LimeBike itself is not sitting still either. The company said that this month it is its fleet in the US to 50,000 bikes, up from its current size of 10,000, to meet demand, along with a ramp up of servicing staff, and an app update to provide better parking and riding guidance.
The contrast between bike-sharing companies raising outsized rounds and those that are finding it hard to do the same has resulted in a number of casualties, and with the privately-backed outfits often also competing against schemes underwritten by cities themselves, it makes for a tricky market.
On the positive side, unlike ridesharing startups, bike startups do not have the larger issue of maintaining two-sided marketplaces, since the passengers of their bikes are, in fact, the drivers. On the other hand, they also have a different cost model. The Ubers of the world generally do not own the vehicles in their fleets, but the bike companies not only own their cycles but have to have a fleet of people on hand ready to service and maintain them.
And for now, on a purely selfish consumer level, it's translating into a interesting opportunity for people living in dense urban areas, giving many choices to those who may be looking for alternatives to private vehicles, public transportation and walking; and for investors and the transport industry to see if this model has what it takes to keep up momentum and keep moving.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
LONDON — Alexis Sanchez is off the mark for Manchester United.
On their Old Trafford debut, the recruit from Arsenal tapped in the rebound after their penalty was saved to seal United's 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Romelu Lukaku also netted for United, which seized the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to a still-vast 13 points after the leader was held by Burnley to 1-1.
City defender Danilo looked like proving an unlikely match-winner but after a glaring miss for a second by Raheem Sterling, Johann Berg Gudmundsson levelled late.
City has dropped points only four times, but three of those games were the most recent away trips.
It will still take a monumental collapse for City manager Pep Guardiola to miss out on their first English title.
The tussle to stay in the Premier League is far tighter.
Southampton escaped the relegation zone after winning at West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to end a 13-match winless run in the league. Swansea is out of the danger zone only on goal difference after drawing with Leicester 1-1.
But Stoke sunk back into the bottom three after Bournemouth followed up recent fine wins against Arsenal and Chelsea by beating the less illustrious opposition 2-1. Bournemouth climbed to ninth ahead of Everton, which was at Arsenal in the late game.
Brighton ended West Ham's six-match unbeaten run by winning 3-1 to move three points clear of the drop zone.
PanARMENIAN.Net - As clever as machine learning is, there's one common problem: you frequently have to train the AI on thousands or even millions of examples to make it effective. What if you don't have weeks to spare? If Gamalon has its way, you could put AI to work almost immediately. The startup has unveiled a new technique, Bayesian Program Synthesis, that promises AI you can train with just a few samples, Engadget reports.
The approach uses probabilistic code to fill in gaps in its knowledge. If you show it very short and tall chairs, for example, it should figure out that there are many chair sizes in between. And importantly, it can tweak its own models as it goes along -- you don't need constant human oversight in case circumstances change.
Gamalon's technology is already in use, although you probably wouldn't notice. Bloomberg notes that the AI is currently helping companies like Avaya correct ambiguous data like names and addresses within a matter of minutes. However, the fledgling outfit isn't shy about this being used for image recognition and other machine learning tasks. You could have a personal AI that you train yourself, for instance, and it's easy to see this as helpful for robots that may need to account for the many, many object variations that they'll encounter in the real world, Engadget said.
MORIOKA, Japan — Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini defeated Ben McLachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama in Saturday's doubles as Italy took a 2-1 lead over Japan in the first round of the Davis Cup.
After splitting Friday's opening singles, Italy gained the advantage after a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 7-5 doubles victory.
The winning country advances to the quarterfinals while the loser will have to win a playoff to remain in next year's World Group.
Japan must now win both Sunday's reverse singles to advance and end a three-year drought that includes losses to Canada, Britain and France.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A street brawl between two men erupted on the street outside a Pret a Manger branch in broad daylight.
Stunned witnesses rushed to separate the pair who began fighting yesterday afternoon in central London.
Footage shows a man standing outside a cafe aggressively confront another man wearing shorts on their mobile phone as they gesticulate and shouts 'who are you?' towards him.
As the man is approached, they initially back away while remaining on their phone before they unleash a kick to the man's stomach outside the Pret a Manger store in Fitzrovia.
(Image: Newsflare)
(Image: Newsflare)
The pair then throw a volley of punches at one another as the violence spills from the pavement into the street.
A crowd of bystanders rush over to break up the brawling pair while cars sound their horns in apparent displeasure at the fight.
According to a witness who filmed the brawl, the "shocking" attack took place at around 2pm yesterday.
(Image: Newsflare)
(Image: Newsflare)
They said: "It was very shocking. There are many eye-witnesses in the video, and many more off-screen."
Scotland Yard told Mirror Online officers were called to reports of an assault.
No further details were immediately available.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): President Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Sardar Masood Khan Wednesday said that China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), would bring prosperity for people of the AJK.
Talking to a news channel, they said there was need to develop tourism in AJK to achieve the objectives.
They said the AJK had had big potential for hydro projects, adding that
Neelum Jhelum project was in the final stages.
Masood Khan said focus was being given to health sector
to facilitate the people in the area.
They assured to provide incentives to the industrial sector.
The AJK was also rich in mineral resources, they added.
The president AJK said Karot and Kohala hydel power projects
were the part of CPEC, adding that the projects were also in final stages.
They said Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif had the ambition to launch rail project for providing best travelling facility to people of the AJK.
To a question, they said focus was also being given to improve the road networks in the AJK.
To another question, they said the economic development in the AJK was aim of the present government while the moral and diplomatic struggle for the Kashmiri people living in the Indian Occupied Kashmir would continue till the liberation and achieving rights of the Kashmiris.
They said China could help in the vocational training of the
people of this country.
Protesters have flooded the British High Commission in Abuja and urged the United Kingdom to produce the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu.
Hundreds of protesters on Thursday, October 5, stormed the British High Commission in Abuja demanding that the United Kingdom government produce the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu.
The leader of the protest, Venantius Torkuma, who is also the executive director of Advocates of Social Justice for All (ASJA) said, Kanu must be brought back to Nigeria to face their trial.
Torkuma and their group called on the British government to release the leader of the IPOB immediately to Nigerian authorities.
The group also vowed to occupy the High Commission until Kanu is produced. "We had clearly stated that we shall occupy this High Commission if the UK fails to produce Kanu."
"Our stance was informed by the knowledge that the UK was instrumental to the escape of the terrorist leader only for it to turn around to ask Nigerian authorities for clarification on the state and status of Kanu.
"Because Nnamdi Kanu holds dual citizenship of Nigeria and the United Kingdom, we do not refute the High Commission's right to inquire about its "citizen" so to speak.
"But we do have issues with what the High Commission did in the period preceding when Kanu's IPOB was declared a terrorist organization and what it did afterwards. It smacks of the worst case of double standard possible,"
Torkuma also accused the UK government of keeping mute when their citizen, Kanu, was peddling hatred across Nigeria. "Torkuma said
They said: "It did not see this time as a period to negotiate for them to return to London as its citizen to go peddle their terrorism there. But it had the resources to provide emergency travel documents for the IPOB leader the moment a Nigerian Federal High Court ruled that they lead a terrorist organization."
China has moved to implement United Nations sanctions on North Korea.
China's Commerce Ministry has issued an order banning imports of coal, iron ore, lead concentrates and ore, lead and seafood from North Korea, effective from Tuesday, as Beijing moved to implement UN sanctions announced earlier this month.
The United Nations sanctions must be implemented 30 days after the resolution was approved in a vote on August 6.
China is North Korea's largest trading partner, accounting for 90 per cent of North Korea's total trade.
“Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus” is officially launching on Nintendo Switch June 29, publisher Bethesda announced Tuesday.
It's a direct sequel to the 2014 first-person shooter “Wolfenstein: The New Order” and set in an alternate universe where Nazis control America. As protagonist BJ Blazkowicz, the player leads a group of oddball freedom fighters against a Third Reich armed with advanced technology. The games are a soft reboot of the classic”Wolfenstein” franchise that first began with “Castle Wolfenstein” on the Apple II (kids, ask your parents) in 1981.
Developer Panic Button is handling the Nintendo Switch port with some guidance from MachineGames. There's no word on whether or not it will include the three story DLC packs Bethesda has put out since its PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One launch. But, like the port of Bethesda's role-playing game “The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim,” it looks like “Wolfenstein II” will have some form of motion controls using the Switch's Joy-Cons. You can watch the first video showing off the game in action (along with what appears to be a bit of motion controls) in the video below.
A group of former Nigerian militants said on Sunday it had lost confidence in the president's efforts to end attacks on oil facilities in the Niger Delta, a major goal in efforts to reach a lasting peace settlement.
In its first public criticism of President Muhammadu Buhari, the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) said they were “jeopardizing the fragile peace in the region” with public comments about the unrest while reneging on past agreements.
MEND had backed Buhari in their 2015 presidential election campaign and urged militants behind the most recent spate of attacks to pursue peace talks with the government.
The attacks in the OPEC member's energy hub, coupled with low oil prices, have helped to push Africa's biggest economy into recession – the first in 25 years. Crude oil sales account for two-thirds of government revenue. Those behind the attacks, which began in early 2016, say they want a greater share of Nigeria's energy wealth to go to the southern region. The frequency of attacks has reduced since Buhari held talks with community leaders but there are sporadic attacks, most recently in late November.-Reuters
Related
A 31-year-old man is accused of careening across several streets in Worcester, smashing into cars and a building as police chased him.
Officers were called to the Chilmark and Steward streets area around 2:35 a.m. Tuesday for a report of an accident.
One of the drivers, identified later than Christopher Mason of Worcester, tried to leave the scene, according to police.
Mason struck three parked cars on Chilmark Street with their pickup truck and drove away, authorities said.
A 21-year-old woman was inside one of the cars. The Worcester woman had back and neck injuries because of the crash. They were treated at a local hospital.
Officers found Mason driving on Shrewsbury Street, but they ignored police and continue to move their truck back and forth several times before heading over to Casco Street, police said.
"Mr. Mason continued on to Albany Street where they struck a building," police said.
The building had minor damage.
Police said Mason continued to drive through city streets.  They are accused of striking a semi-trailer on Muskeego Street while driving away from officers.
"Officers ordered Mr. Mason to stop several more times, but they refused to comply," police said. "He continued to Shrewsbury Street, to Waite Street and traveled onto Wilson Street where the rammed into three parked vehicles. Officers were forced to jump out the way as Mr. Mason drove onto the sidewalk and accelerated."
The truck eventually stopped and appeared to be immobilized. Officers removed Mason from the truck and arrested him.
Officers observed six small bags of cocaine in the vehicle, police said.
Mason was charged with assault to murder, disturbing the peace, failure to stop for police, cocaine possession and numerous motor vehicle violations.
"Our government will continue to vigorously defend the interests of the Canadian aerospace industry and our aerospace workers against irresponsible and protectionist trade measures."
Several U.S. senators and House members also expressed their unhappiness, calling the decision "shortsighted" because it threatens thousands of jobs across the country supported by Bombardier and its suppliers.
The latest duty matches the amount originally proposed by Boeing, before it revised its request to 143 per cent because of Bombardier's refusal to provide certain information to the Commerce Department.
The Chicago-based aircraft giant said it welcomes the decision affirming its view that Bombardier sold the CSeries to Delta at prices below production cost to illegally grab market share in the single-aisle airplane market.
"This determination confirms that, as Boeing alleged in its petition, Bombardier dumped its aircraft into the U.S. market at absurdly low prices," it said in a news release.
Countervailing duties target what the U.S. considers unfair subsidies, while anti-dumping tariffs go after the alleged selling of imported products below market value.
U.S. aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia said the high duties will hurt CSeries sales efforts to leasing companies and shut the plane out of the U.S. unless the U.S. International Trade Commission effectively ends the challenge in February.
"If the ITC doesn't find that this damaged Boeing then this whole thing vanishes like a bad dream," they said in an interview.
Aboulafia says the process appears to have been politicized, which requires authorities to detail their reasonings to avoid further damage to the international jetline sector.
A Bombardier union said it wasn't surprised by the new duty given the 48 per cent increase in the number of dumping allegations since the Trump administration took office.
"These tribunals are like the right arm of the large corporations of Boeing," said Dave Chartrand, Quebec co-ordinator of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.
They said workers will fight even harder to get the duty reversed.
"We will stand up and we will fight."
Boeing petitioned the government in April after its smaller rival secured a deal for up to 125 of its CS100s with Delta in 2016. The firm order for 75 aircraft had a list price of US$5.6 billion, although large orders typically secure steep discounts.
Bombardier has repeatedly stressed that Americans will be hurt by the tariffs because more than half the content on the 100- to 150-seat CSeries is sourced by U.S. suppliers, including Pratt & Whitney engines. The program is expected to generate more than US$30 billion in business over its life and support more than 22,700 American jobs in 19 states.
Boeing's complaint has prompted a heavy political reaction from the Canadian government and British Prime Minister Theresa May, who fears job losses at Bombardier's wing assembly facility in Northern Ireland.
Canada has threatened to cancel the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornets to temporarily augment Canada's aging fleet of CF-18s.
By Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): Spokesperson of the Interior Ministry
on Monday said that it is quite unfortunate that some circles
continue indulging themselves in unnecessary criticism and finding
faults in every effort initiated in the national interest and with
all good intentions.
Case in point, the spokesperson said, is re-inquiry of Khanani
& Kalia case.
Responding to a comment about Khanani & Kalia case, the
Spokesperson in a statement said that during their press conference
the Interior Minister had presented some facts regarding Khanani &
Kalia case.
They said ignoring the whole statement of the Interior Minister
and just focusing on few words and then asserting that the Interior
Minister instead of presenting new facts should do something
tantamounts to willfully ignoring ground realities of the case.
Such circles should go through on-ground facts so that they
have at least some idea of the on ground situation. As pointed out
by the Interior Minister during their press conference, Khanani &
Kalia case is ten years old case. Neglect by the past rulers,
willful weak inquiry and prosecution and destruction of record
resulted in acquittal in the case, they noted.
They said the then government did not bother to pursue the case
any further.
The case came to notice of the Interior Minister only when one
of the owners of Khanani & Kalia exchange company were convicted in
US.
It should be kept in mind that the issue of double jeopardy
obstructed revival of the matter.
They said secondly when the entire record especially the digital
record including relevant computers, servers and other equipment was
handed back to the same company who was facing these charges then
understandably the space to revive the case and dig out facts is
shrinked to a great extent.
Besides all these hurdles, they said a sincere effort has been
made after various legal consultations to re-initiate the inquiry
with a new dimension and angle. Since all financial transactions
involved foreign countries therefore assistance has been sought from
UK, US and UAE.
The main company involved in major transactions namely Al-
Zarooni is based in the UAE.
In view of the above, they said it is imperative to clarify that
reviving a case where evidences have been destroyed or removed and
those who were actively involved into it have been retired is a
difficult task.
But since the case involves transactions worth billions of
rupees, therefore a sincere effort is being made to revive the case.
“Those who are into raising doubts and are involved in
unnecessary criticism are requested to guide and assist us so that
the issue could be taken to its logical and just conclusion as per
the law,” they added.
Former footballer Edgar Davids wins lawsuit against Riot Games Judge rules that League of Legends developer used Davids' likeness for Striker Lucian skin
James Batchelor UK Editor Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Riot Games
Riot Games has lost a lawsuit to Edgar Davids, a Dutch-born former footballer.
The case centred around Striker Lucian, a skin that reimagines the character as a soccer player with sunglasses and a distinct hairstyle.
Davids - who played for teams such as Barcelona, Milan, Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace during their career - argued that this take on the character was based on their own likeness.
GamesIndustry.biz has prepared our own comparison below.
Davids sued Riot Games, and according to Dutch site Het Parool, as translated by PC Gamer, they were successful.
Riot's defence hinged on insisting the similarities between Striker Lucian and Davids weren't enough to warrant the lawsuit and claimed that League of Legends players wouldn't confuse the two.
This defence was weakened somewhat by a tweet from Riot's then-QA analyst Baconhawk back in 2014. The tweet currently appears to be down, but according to PC Gamer, it read:
"For all you're wondering, Striker Lucian was inspired by soccer pro Edgar Davids."
The judge has rule that Riot must reveal to auditors how much money the Striker Lucian skin has earned, and will use this to determine how much compensation Davids is entitled to.
Given that the skin came out in 2014 and, from what we can tell, the Striker Lucian skin appears to be popular among pro League players, it's a safe bet that the amount will not be insignificant.
Islamabad
Pakistan has good political relations with Algeria since its independence. These relations need to be converted in strong business relations. In this connection, Trade Development Authority of Pakistan has constituted 12 member trade delegation keeping in view Look Africa Policy of the Government of Pakistan. The trade delegation of Pakistan having exporters of surgical and dental instruments, sport goods, pharmaceutical and textile goods have started the visit of Algeria from 18th September, 2018. On the first day of visit, the delegates met with ambassador of Pakistan in order to formalize the strategy of delegation in Algeria. The delegation is scheduled to meet the Algerian Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Chamber of Commerce of Ghilizaneand Chamber of Commerce of Oran. The B2B meetings have been arranged at the Algerian Chamber of Commerce & Industry and Chamber of Commerce of Oran. The delegation is also visiting the industrial sites of Algeria. At Reliance Chamber, the delegation will be received by the Governor of the Province.—PR
The NBA's official underclassman list was released and there are a total of 181 college players who have declared for the June 21 NBA draft.
Last year there were 137 underclassmen who declared, with 73 eventually withdrawing, leaving 64 eligible on draft night.
There were several no-brainer decisions this year: freshmen such as Duke's Marvin Bagley III, Arizona's Deandre Ayton and Texas' Mohamed Bamba will be among the first selections in June and were never going to stay in college beyond one season.
Many players have already decided to sign with an agent, forgoing their remaining college eligibility. However, the majority have decided to test the NBA's draft process, which allows them to attend the combine (May 16-20 in Chicago) and team workouts and maintain their eligibility as long as they don't sign with an agent. The NCAA deadline for them to withdraw is May 30.
We'll go through the smart decisions, the baffling ones and the college coach who has the most to lose over the next five weeks or so.
Best decision
Jalen Brunson. Villanova's point guard will leave with their degree (after three years), a Wooden Award and a pair of national titles. Brunson won't be a lottery pick, but they could be a first-rounder. They won't get bigger and likely won't get much faster, so the only thing they could probably do with another year at Villanova is hurt their draft stock.
Biggest mistake
Justin Jackson. A year ago, the 6-foot-7 Maryland forward was considered a guy who could play their way into the first round in this year's draft. However, their season ended due to a shoulder injury after 11 games and now one NBA executive told me they wouldn't be shocked if Jackson goes undrafted. But Jackson has signed with an agent, instead of returning to the Terrapins and showing NBA guys they are worthy of a first-round pick.
Most surprising
Editor's Picks NBA draft tracker: Who's in, and who's testing? Who has declared for the 2018 NBA draft, and who's testing the waters? We're tracking the prospects in our Top 100 rankings.
NBA mock draft: Projecting the top 60 prospects for 2019 ESPN draft expert Jonathan Givony projects a new top 60 for the 2019 NBA draft class.
NBA draft departures shake up Way-Too-Early Top 25 The deadline for early entrants to declare for the NBA draft has passed, so it's time to re-evaluate the early top 25 for 2018-19. With so many players testing the waters yet not signing with an agent, it's more art than science. 2 Related
Arkansas' talented big man Daniel Gafford and Gonzaga's Rui Hachimura did not even test the process. Gafford, a 6-foot-11 first-year student who averaged 11.8 points and 6.2 rebounds, would have likely been selected in the first round, maybe even in the lottery. The same can be said for Hachimura.
Coach with the most to lose
Boston College's Jim Christian. Their backcourt of Jerome Robinson and Ky Bowman both declared without an agent. Robinson is a potential first-rounder while Bowman is projected as a possible second-rounder who could go undrafted. If those two return, BC could be an NCAA tournament team. If they both leave, Christian could have a repeat of the 2015-16 season, when the Eagles went 0-18 in the ACC, which could mean the end of Christian's tenure in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.
Another coach sweating it out
Villanova's Jay Wright. He's not sweating all that much since they just won their second national title in three years, but it could be a complete rebuild if both Omari Spellman and Donte DiVincenzo join Brunson and Mikal Bridges in leaving early for the NBA. That would leave Phil Booth as the lone returning starter from this year's national championship squad.
Ultimate wild card
Brian Bowen. There's a lot to unpack with Bowen, who likely won't know whether they will be cleared by the NCAA to play next season in time for the deadline. Bowen is a mystery to most NBA personnel, who haven't seen them play in more than a year. He's a likely second-rounder who might be able to play their way into the first round if they have a strong showing at the combine and in team workouts.
Mystery men
Mitchell Robinson, Billy Preston and Anfernee Simons. Robinson was slated to play at Western Kentucky, but the 7-foot forward left the program before the season and worked out on their own. Preston never played a game at Kansas, and had a short stint playing professionally in Bosnia. Simons signed with an agent after a post-grad year at IMG Academy (Bradenton, Florida).
Most difficult call
Hamidou Diallo. On one hand, the Kentucky wing could use another season in college to improve their perimeter shot and their decision-making. On the other hand, there's a chance Diallo could get buried on the roster if they came back with a new set of talented freshmen coming in (Keldon Johnson, Tyler Herro). Diallo decided to sign with an agent, and it will be interesting to see whether they get a guaranteed contract.
Another difficult call
Had Trevon Duval returned to Duke, it's possible their playing time would have diminished behind incoming point guard Tre Jones. Rob Kinnan/USA TODAY Sports
Trevon Duval. It wasn't all that long ago that some had Duke's highly touted point guard pegged as a lottery pick. Now it'll be interesting to see where Duval winds up going, and there's a chance they slip into the second round. But the difficult part for Duval was that Tre Jones was coming to Durham, North Carolina, which meant Duval might have lost some minutes.
Say what?
Purdue first-year student guard Nojel Eastern averaged 2.9 points, 2.5 rebounds and 1.1 assists and decided to declare for the draft (without an agent). I'm all for getting feedback from NBA folks, but Eastern should just have coach Matt Painter call a couple of NBA guys with them in the room because it's unlikely he'll get a combine invite and more than a workout or two. And there is some downside: How their teammates react to them and the fact that the NBA allows a player to declare only twice.
Here's a more complete rundown of the players who have declared their intentions:
Declared and signed with agent
No-brainers
Deandre Ayton, C, Fr., Arizona
Marvin Bagley III, PF, Fr., Duke
Mohamed Bamba, C, Fr., Texas
Keita Bates-Diop, PF, RS Jr., Ohio State
Mikal Bridges, SF, Jr., Villanova
Miles Bridges, F, Soph., Michigan State
Jalen Brunson, PG, Jr., Villanova
Wendell Carter Jr., PF/C, Fr., Duke
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, PG, Fr., Kentucky
Aaron Holiday, PG, Jr., UCLA
Jaren Jackson Jr., PF, Fr., Michigan State
Kevin Knox, PF, Fr., Kentucky
Michael Porter Jr., PF, Fr., Missouri
Collin Sexton, PG, Fr., Alabama
Moritz Wagner, PF/C, Jr., Michigan
Lonnie Walker IV, SG, Fr., Miami
Robert Williams, PF, Soph., Texas A&M
Trae Young, PG, Fr., Oklahoma
Smart move
Rawle Alkins, SF, Soph., Arizona
Tony Carr, PG, Soph., Penn State
Eric Davis Jr., SG, Jr., Texas
Trevon Duval, PG, Fr., Duke
De'Anthony Melton, SG, Soph., USC
Malik Newman, SG, Soph., Kansas
Zhaire Smith, SF, Fr., Texas Tech
Need another year
Deng Adel, SF, Jr., Louisville
Bruce Brown Jr., SG, Soph., Miami
Troy Brown, SG, Fr., Oregon
Hamidou Diallo, SG, Fr., Kentucky
Brandon McCoy, PF/C, Fr., UNLV
Chimezie Metu, PF/C, Jr., USC
Shake Milton, G, Jr., SMU
Landry Shamet, PG, Soph., Wichita State
Ray Spalding, PF, Jr., Louisville
Gary Trent Jr., SG, Fr., Duke
Allonzo Trier, SG, Jr., Arizona
Lagerald Vick, SG/SF, Jr., Kansas
Testing the waters
Players from major programs with tough calls to make
Tyus Battle, SG, Soph., Syracuse
Donte DiVincenzo, G, Soph., Villanova
Jerome Robinson, G, Jr., Boston College
Omari Spellman, PF/C, RS Fr., Villanova
Austin Wiley, C, Fr., Auburn
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. — Last year at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Erin Howard misspelled "Klydonograph," a trademarked word meaning "an instrument that makes a photographic record of electric surges in power lines." They started spelling with "c-l-i," and then tied for seventh place.
This year, Howard, 13, can spout off "Klydonograph" in seconds. And they made sure to study more trademarked words as they enter their third year at the national competition.
"If they spring one of those on my again, I'll be better prepared," they said.
The seventh grader from Huntsville, Ala., is one of the 113 spellers here at the National Bee returning for at least a second time — a feat that takes hours of practice and patience as they await to hear if they've qualified for Thursday's final round.
Howard said they spend three to four hours every weeknight and six to eight hours every weekend studying for the Bee. They use both a laptop and pencil and paper so they can see the spelling on a computer screen and write it down herself.
"I have to say, 'No, sorry, I can't come' to friends a lot and, instead of staying the night for a sleepover party, I have to leave at like nine or something," Howard said. "I do make some sacrifices, but I feel like it's worth it."
Erin Howard spells the word klydonograph an instrument that records electric surges, incorrectly during the final round.
Jack Gruber, USA TODAY
More: Their dad won the National Spelling Bee in 1985. Now, he's competing for the 2018 title
Since their regional bee earlier this year, Cameron Keith, 12, of Boulder, Colo., has been waking up at 5:30 a.m. to study their 200 word lists until they go to school. Then in the afternoon, he's back at it, totaling six hours of studying each weekday and nine hours on weekends. They tied for 18th in 2016 after misspelling "noncompos."
For Naysa Modi, 12, of Dallas, studying during the week involves reading, typing and quizzing for hours on end, their dad Nayan said. Modi wanted their daughter to study ahead of their round Wednesday rather than speak with USA TODAY for an interview.
It's that sort of perseverance that has allowed Naysa to make it to the Bee for the fourth time this year. Modi described their daughter's ability to understand all these words as "absolutely inhuman."
"It takes years of intense effort," they said. "People who have been putting in multiple years — seriously, it makes a difference."
More: Why the Scripps National Spelling Bee has its largest pool of spellers ever
For Kieth, that difference means feeling calmer while competing. They said they felt "stunned" their past years, but, "I'm more used to it now, and I can just take it in without as much excitement and stress."
Howard, though, feels pressure to perform as well as they did in past years.
"I'm trying not not make that my standard," Howard said. "I just want to be happy however I place. As always, I do want to win and I feel like I might have a chance, but I don't want to jinx anything."
But for repeat spellers, it's not just about winning. Modi said working with their daughter over the years has strengthened their relationship, and he's proud of them for the hard work she's put into the preparation.
"This is all for the love of words and the love of language. It's not the winning," they said. "Nobody is doing it because their parents want them to do it."
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @RyanW_Miller
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
ISLAMABAD, Feb 14 (APP): Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) concluded its arguments in a case in Islamabad High Court, challenging ECP's decision to examine audited accounts of PTI against the allegations of receiving foreign funding.
A divisional bench comprising Justice Noor ul Haq N Qureshi and Justice Aamir Farooq resumed the case filed by Imran Khan, Chairman PTI.
Anwar Mansoor counsel for the PTI claimed that ECP had no jurisdiction to entertain such applications.
Talking to the media outside the IHC premises, Daniyal Aziz leader of Pakistan Muslim League (N) said PTI was trying to escape from accountability and hiding behind the stay order.
They said that on the one hand PTI was demanding opening of 50 years old record in Panama Leaks issue but on the other hand it was challenging application for reopening of just two to three years old record because it was going against its interests, they added.
Aziz said if the PTI had nothing to hide then why it was seeking stay orders and not let the ECP examine its accounts.
Lionsgate has taken a majority stake in management-production powerhouse 3 Arts Entertainment, a deal that reflects in the entertainment industry's push to marry premium content providers with global distribution assets.
Lionsgate said 3 Arts would continue to be led by partners Erwin Stoff, Howard Klein, Michael Rotenberg, Molly Madden, Dave Becky, David Miner, and Nick Frenkel. The company was founded in 1991 by Stoff, Klein and Rotenberg. Lionsgate said it would assemble an operating board to oversee the company.
“We're excited to be partnering with a best-in-class talent management company that shares our entrepreneurial culture and vision for the future,” said Lionsgate CEO Jon Feltheimer. “This deal checks all the boxes — a strategic and accretive transaction for our shareholders and a win/win partnership for both companies. It enables us to deepen our already successful relationship with 3 Arts and allows them to offer a richer palette of opportunities to their clients.”
Financial details of the deal were not disclosed.
The pact will give Lionsgate a pipeline to 3 Arts impressive roster of stars, writers, directors, and producers. The chase for creative talent has intensified in the past few years amid exponential growth in the demand for original content, fueled by upstart streaming platforms around the world. Lionsgate hopes the closer association with 3 Arts will give it an advantage in assembling projects and generally gaining access to talent.
Related Fox Networks Grabs Hot Cannes Titles ‘Kingkiller,' ‘355,' ‘Scary Stories' Lionsgate Teams With Amazon on Starz's Expansion in Europe
Top talent agencies and management firms have been bringing in outside investors during the past decade to fuel business ambitions, notably at WME and CAA. But the Lionsgate-3 Arts union is the first such direct investment in a talent representation firm by a major studio. The deal does raise the specter of conflict of interest concerns for 3 Arts managers and their fiduciary responsibilities to clients.
“We're thrilled to be partnering with one of the most dynamic and innovative entertainment companies in the business. Every day our clients are asking about the changing landscape, and this venture will create enormous opportunities to harness Lionsgate's areas of expertise to give clients a competitive edge.”
The long list of TV series affiliated with 3 Arts in recent years includes “The Office,” “30 Rock,” “Silicon Valley,” “The Mindy Project,” “Parks and Recreation,” “Insecure,” “American Vandal” and “Man With a Plan.”
The deal was negotiated for Lionsgate by TV group chief operating officer Laura Kennedy, with Robert Haymer of Latham and Watkins also repping the studio. Moelis & Co., Alan Epstein at Venable and Craig Jacobson at Hansen Jacobson repped 3 Arts.
STOCKHOLM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Activist fund company Cevian Capital said after market close on Thursday it now owns 8.5 percent of share capital and 5 percent of votes in Swedish mobile telecom equipment maker Ericsson.
* Cevian says has today disclosed to Ericsson and to the Swedish Regulator Finansinspektionen a holding of 281,757,201 Ericsson B-shares and 331,346 Ericsson A-shares, corresponding to around 8.46 percent of shares and 5.01 pct of votes.
* The firm said in a filing with the SEC on Jan. 29 it then held 331,346 A-shares and 273,283,710 B-shares.
* Ericsson shares fell sharply on Wednesday after it released its year-end report. (Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom)
People walk through mounds of rubble which used to be high-rise apartment buildings in the once rebel-held Ansari neighborhood in eastern Aleppo, Syria. (AAP)
More than 600,000 displaced Syrians have returned to their homes since the beginning of the year, with most of them heading to Aleppo, according to figures from the International Organisation for Migration.
Between January and the end of July, 602,759 displaced Syrians returned to their homes, many of them citing an improved economic and security situation in the areas they had fled from, IOM said in a statement.
A total of 84 per cent of those who have returned had taken refuge elsewhere within the war-ravaged country, while the remaining 16 per cent returned from neighbouring countries Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq.
More than a quarter of returnees said they did so to protect their assets and properties, while nearly the same number referred to the improved economic situation in their place of origin, and 11 per cent cited the improved security situation there.
Fourteen per cent meanwhile pointed to the worsening economic situation in their place of refuge, IOM said.
But while most of the returns had been spontaneous, it warned they were "not necessarily voluntary, safe or sustainable," it said.
Aleppo Governorate, the scene of the harshest battles of Syria's bloody six-year war, had received 67 per cent of all returnees so far this year, IOM said.
And within the governorate, Aleppo city, which was recaptured by the Syrian army last December after a suffocating five-month siege, has received most returnees, it said.
Struggle for bare necessities
Many of those returning meanwhile must struggle to get bare necessities, with only 41 per cent having access to clean water and 39 per cent with access to health services.
This is “dangerously low” as the country's infrastructure has been “extremely damaged by the conflict,” IOM said.
And even as returns from within Syria especially appear to be on the rise, the agency warned that the war-torn country is still seeing high rates of fresh displacement.
"From January to July 2017, an estimated 808,661 people were displaced, many for the second or third time, and over six million in total currently remain displaced within the country," it said.
More than 330,000 people have been killed in Syria since the conflict erupted in March 2011 with anti-government protests.
By Martha Jacob –
Ripley Council met in regular session April 10 and spend a portion of the meeting discussing village plans to put a new roof on the Ripley Metal Works building. The building is owned by the village but is leased by Metal Works.
During a previous special meeting held on April 3, Ripley Mayor Tom Leonard said they had received a quote from Mike Mootz of $50,000 for building demolition provided they get the scrap metal and has a local dumpsite for the bricks. Councilwoman Nowana Bingaman said at the meeting that they really disliked the idea of putting a nice roof on an old building like the old Pants Factory structure that houses Ripley Metal Works. Councilman Charles Poole reminded council, that if Metal Works leaves the Village of Ripley, it will never come back and that it is important to the economy of the village.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during an electoral meeting on August 14, 2017 in Gelnhausen, ahead of the September general elections. Merkel told the German weekly Super Illu they think the internal combustion engines will eventually have to be phased out. (Photo: Boris Roessler / AFP/Getty Images)
Berlin — German Chancellor Angela Merkel says they think the internal combustion engines that are the mainstay of their country's auto industry will eventually have to be phased out.
Merkel told German weekly Super Illu that bans on new gas or diesel cars planned by other European countries are right in principle, but declined to say if Germany should head in that direction and if so, when.
An extract of their interview published Monday quotes Merkel as saying: “I can't give you a precise year yet, but the approach is the right one.”
Merkel reiterated their criticism of the car industry over the Volkswagen diesel emissions scandal, saying it was up to automakers to repair the damage done.
Them comments come a month before a national election in which Merkel is seeking a fourth term.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uIq5rA
Published:
The lawmaker representing Obudu Constituency in the Cross River State House of Assembly, Hon. Steven Ukpukpen, on Wednesday morning slumped and died during a workout. The incident happened at 7am along Moore Road in Calabar.
Ukpukpen was said to have been rushed to a nearby Navy Clinic, but medical officials on duty said they were in a critical condition and therefore directed that they should be transferred to another hospital.
They were confirmed dead by medical officials in a private hospital where they were later taken to. The Anatomy Unit of the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital, where they were thereafter taken also certified them dead.
Reacting to the development, Speaker of the CRHA, Mr. John Gaul-Lebo, said they were in shock over the development. Gaul-Lebo, who was in a meeting with the family of the deceased as of 11.51am, said the House would later issue a statement over the death of the lawmaker.
Share This
HOUSTON (AP) — The San Francisco 49ers aren't happy with where they stand this season.
However, the last few weeks have given them some hope for the future.
Jimmy Garoppolo threw for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown to help the 49ers to their second straight win, 26-16 over the Houston Texans on Sunday.
The 49ers have won three of their last four after opening the season 0-9 under first-year coach Kyle Shanahan.
“It's definitely exciting,” Shanahan said. “You can feel it in our building. Guys are gaining that confidence.”
A big part of San Francisco's recent improvement has been the play of Garoppolo. Tom Brady's former backup showed that they could be the answer for the 49ers at quarterback, going 20-for-33 in their second start for the team. Acquired before the trade deadline from New England, Garoppolo threw for 293 yards in their debut last week to help the 49ers to a 15-14 win at Chicago.
Shanahan said Garoppolo has a knack for making the players around them better.
“When you've got a guy like Jimmy who has been making some impressive throws, who's been doing it on the practice field and he's carried it to the game, I think guys always know they've got a chance,” Shanahan said. “And they've lived up to it.”
Garoppolo, who has started just four games in their four-year NFL career, is excited about the progress he's seen from the offense in their short time with the team.
“We've got a little bit of momentum with us right now and we just need to keep plucking away … and just keep getting better,” they said. “That's what it's all about, especially this time of year. We only have three games left now, so we just have to keep getting better and good things will happen.”
Garrett Celek, who had two receptions for 67 yards and a touchdown on Sunday, is impressed with the way the offense is running with Garoppolo under center.
“We've been playing a lot better, a lot smoother just all around,” they said.
Some things to know about San Francisco's win over the Texans:
CLOWNEY STARS
Defensive end Jadeveon Clowney continues to carry Houston's defense with J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus out for the season with injuries. On Sunday, the top overall pick in the 2014 draft had a career-high four quarterback hits and added two tackles for losses to add to their career-best total of 20 this season.
But they couldn't appreciate their big day because it came in yet another loss.
“I'm very upset,” they said. “Man, we're 4-9. I'm upset about that. We're a lot better than our record says.”
Coach Bill O'Brien appreciates the work Clowney has done.
“He plays very hard,” O'Brien said. “He's a good player and … it's been a tough year, but they continue to play hard and that's good to see. That helps our team.”
GOOD AS GOULD
A week after tying a career high by making five field goals, San Francisco kicker Robbie Gould had another good game, hitting four field goals in Sunday's win. Gould connected from 52, 35 and 25 yards before securing the victory with a 41-yarder in the fourth quarter.
DeANDRE'S DAY
Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins had two touchdown receptions on Sunday to give them a career-high-tying and NFL-best 11 this season. They also had a season-high 11 receptions for 149 yards to give them 1,233 yards, which is second in the league behind Antonio Brown. They need 289 yards receiving combined in the last three games to surpass the career-high 1,521 yards they finished with in 2015.
“You see it on the film and you see the numbers,” San Francisco cornerback Adrian Colbert said. “I don't care who your cornerback is, you have to double cover the guy. He's a great receiver. He's always been a great receiver.”
INJURIES
Houston quarterback Tom Savage and offensive tackle Kendall Lamm sustained concussions in the first quarter. Six Texans players have suffered concussions in the last two games combined. … 49ers rookie receiver Victor Bolden injured their ankle in the second quarter and didn't return. … San Francisco cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon injured their knee in the fourth quarter. … 49ers cornerback Dontae Johnson injured their knee, and Shanahan said they would know more about the injury after they had an MRI on Monday.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DNA spray used to catch out rogue off-road bikers will be rolled out 24 hours a day across the district.
Officers in Wakefield East began using the spray last year and successfully convicted an 18-year-old rider.
Chief Inspector Richard Close.
Now patrol officers all over the district will have access to the spray to tag illegal off-road bikers, meaning it will be on the streets 24 hours a day for the first time.
Each can of spray, which is harmless and invisible to the eye, contains a unique chemical solution. By spraying people who are riding anti-socially and the vehicle they are on, officers can ‘tie' them to the offence.
The district's Operation Matrix police off-road team will also be expanded as part of a crackdown on illegal riders, with four new bikes to be deployed following £25k funding from Wakefield District Housing.
Chief Inspector Richard Close of Wakefield District Police, said: “Anti-social off road is a blight on communities and it is an issue which we are determined to tackle through increasing resources available to our Neighbourhood Policing Teams."
Coun Maureen Cummings, Wakefield Council's cabinet member for communities and chair of the Community Safety Partnership, added: "This type of anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated and we will continue to work with the police to do all we can to tackle it.”
Local officers are also issuing pictures of people they want to identify in connection with illegal riding, and are warning parents who turn a blind eye or encourage to their children's activities that they could be punished too.
The new measures are being put in place following a recent increase in reports of anti-social off road riding, particularly in the Castleford and Knottingley areas.
Earlier this month, officers received a report of two girls riding on footpaths on the Warwick estate. They used the spray on the youngsters, aged 16 and 13, and arrested both on suspicion of driving offences.
Inspector Paul Sullivan of Wakefield Police East, said: “We have seen an upswing in reports and what for me is disappointing is intelligence we are receiving suggesting some parents may be turning a blind eye to this sort of behaviour.
“I would say to parents that, quite frankly, if your children are involved in illegal off road riding and you are found to have been complicit or encouraged this you could well face action yourself.
“I would urge residents to report any information they may have about people riding anti socially in their communities to allow us to take action.
“Our investment in tools such as our DNA spray shows just how seriously we take this issue."
Anne (Venditto) Leahy, 92, of Southington, passed away March 17, 2018 after a long battle with cancer. They were the loving wife of the late Thomas Leahy with whom they shared many memories with for 65 years. They were born March 6, 1926 in Southington, the daughter of the late Luigi Venditto and Maria Carmine Venditto.
 They are survived by their children Thomas Leahy Jr and wife Michelle of Southington. David Leahy and wife Doreen of Yarmouth Port, MA. Cheryl Leahy of Southington, Keith Leahy and wife Marissa of Orlando, FL.  They are also survived by their grandchildren, Christopher, Ryan, Joshua Leahy, and Janessa Allen. They will be greatly missed by all.
Anne was a long time parishioner of St. Thomas church, a memorial Mass will be held on Thursday, March 22, 2018 at 10 a.m., at 99 Bristol St., Southington. Burial will be at St. Thomas cemetery. Memorial calling hours will be Thursday at the DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St. Southington from 8-9:30 a.m. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the American Cancer Society, 538 Preston Ave Ste. 1, Meriden, CT 06450.
For online condolences and directions please visit, www.dellavecchiafh.com
(Adds data, updates prices) BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai nickel rose on Friday to end a rollercoaster week on a high, as investors took up new long positions in the metal, which is used to make stainless steel, and as inventories fell. Deliverable nickel inventories on the Shanghai Futures Exchange (ShFE) fell by 548 tonnes from a week ago to 56,194 tonnes on Friday, according to ShFE data. Long positions among brokerages on Shanghai's most traded May nickel contract meanwhile increased by 6,853 lots after falling by 4,177 lots on Thursday. "Given the move lower was driven by long liquidation, it would certainly appear that some of this length has been re-established," brokerage Marex Spectron said in a note. FUNDAMENTALS * NICKEL: The May contract on the ShFE closed up 2.1 percent at 104,530 yuan ($16,655.51 )a tonne for a weekly climb of 0.4 percent. In London, however, nickel lost part of its Thursday gains, dipping 0.6 percent to $13,922 a tonne. * COPPER: Shanghai's most-traded March copper contract ended up 0.7 percent at 53,520 yuan a tonne, while three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was up 0.8 percent at $7,177.50 a tonne at 0734 GMT. * LEAD: LME lead touched a fresh 6-1/2-year high of $2,685 a tonne on concerns over tight inventories, a harsh North American winter and an environmental crackdown in China, * DRC: Glencore on Thursday said copper output in 2018 should rise to nearly 1.5 million tonnes as its Katanga mine in Democratic Republic of Congo ramps up to add roughly 150,000 tonnes, as well as 11,600 tonnes of cobalt. * BAUXITE: Guinean bauxite mining company La Guineenne des Mines shipped the first ore from its project in the western Boke region on Thursday and will target exports of 2 to 4 million tonnes this year, its chief executive said. For the top stories in metals and other news, click or MARKETS NEWS * The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear up boosted borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0745 GMT Three month LME copper 7179.5 Most active ShFE copper 53510 Three month LME aluminium 2233.5 Most active ShFE aluminium 14390 Three month LME zinc 3553.5 Most active ShFE zinc 26850 Three month LME lead 2684 Most active ShFE lead 19655 Three month LME nickel 13885 Most active ShFE nickel 104520 Three month LME tin 21545 Most active ShFE tin 148690 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 1116.15 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1818.49 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 395.57 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -625.1 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1536.64 ($1 = 6.2760 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Tom Daly; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Amrutha Gayathri)
ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court of Pakistan on Saturday ordered an audit of Rs37 million given to Pakistani scientist Dr Samar Mubarakmand for manufacturing heart stents in Pakistan.
Headed by Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar, a bench of the apex court, directed the authorities concerned to ensure that Pakistani stents are manufactured by the month of May at any cost.
The bench was hearing a suo motu case pertaining to the sale of substandard stents in the country.
The CJP questioned Dr Samar what became of the stents they had to manufacture and for which they were given Rs37 million.
They replied that as the chairperson of the National Engineering and Scientific Commission (NESCOM) they had imported a machine costing Rs30 million from Germany in 2004 and around 10,000 stents were to be produced every year in Pakistan. Under the project, 400 stents were manufactured and sent to Germany for testing.
On being asked by the court where the stents are now, Mubarakmand said out of the Rs350 million, the machine used for manufacturing stents alone cost Rs30 million. The rest were spent on salaries of experts and other expenses, they said.
The entire technology was later handed over to the National University of Science and Technology (NUST) for producing cardiac stents, they added.
The chief justice directed them to come up with a written reply to the queries put to them by the court about manufacturing of Pakistani stents. They asked Dr Samar to spell out where did they spend the amount given to them for the purpose.
National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST) officials said that the machine was purchased for 30 million over which CJP ordered to produce Pakistani stents at any cost till May, adding that those who don't want to work should better leave the country.
The chief justice also said that the court will summon all manufacturers from which the stents are imported.
To a question, a federal law officer informed that the amount which was given to the scientist for manufacturing stents was not audited.
The apex court had taken a suo motu notice of the sale of substandard cardiac stents at exorbitant rates in Pakistan. It had come to the light that some hospitals were charging up to Rs180, 000 for placing stents in heart patients.
Orignally published by INP
Now Hiring: Vice President of Operations
The Vice President of Operations is responsible for managing all hands-on operational aspects of the organization. This position ensures the oversight of all administrative, facilities and accounting activities of the organization. This position reports to the President & CEO and much of the work involves a high degree of executive management and confidentiality. As a member of the Senior Management Team, the Vice President of Operations will be involved in strategic planning, finance and organizational development for the organization.
Essential Functions : The Vice President of Operations provides the leadership and management necessary to ensure that the organization has the proper operational controls, administrative and reporting procedures, and people systems in place to effectively and smoothly operate on a day-to-day basis.
Job Responsibilities :
Oversees SOPs for all positions and tasks.
Oversees facilities and acts as primary liaison with landlord/maintenance vendors.
Manages annual budgeting process with CEO and input from department heads.
Maintains corporate records.
Oversees risk management and works with insurance brokers.
Contract administration for all outside vendors, contractors and suppliers.
Maintains public file compliance.
Oversight of FCC regulations and CPB grant compliance.
Works with engineering on systems management and authorizes all related expenditures in conjunction with CEO.
Sets guidelines for archival procedures for all materials produced and/or acquired on behalf of the station.
Determines and manages allocations and levels of necessary staffing.
Realizes strategic goals via operational procedures.
Oversees office equipment and supplies.
Oversee payroll, human resources and benefits administration.
Provide timely and accurate analysis of budgets, financial reports and financial trends in order to assist the Board and senior executives in performing their responsibilities.
Enhance and/or develop, implement and enforce policies and procedures of All Classical Portland by way of systems that will improve the overall operation and effectiveness of All Classical Portland.
Improve the budgeting process on a continual basis through education of department managers on financial issues impacting their budgets.
Effectively manage the human resources of the organization according to authorized personnel policies and procedures that fully conform to current laws and regulations.
Minimum Requirements :
Bachelor's degree required. Strong preference for majors in Business, Music, or Communications
Minimum 5 years progressively responsible management experience, preferably in public media.
Experienced in database and financial management
Strong written, oral and presentation skills
Demonstrated familiarity with strategic, financial and tactical planning
Proficient in all Microsoft Office Suite software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Ability to meet deadlines of multiple projects and work autonomously
Highly organized with the ability to manage multiple projects and prioritize key initiatives
Personal and professional integrity Positive attitude and the ability to provide superior service to internal and external stakeholders
Preferred Qualifications :
MBA degree preferred
Interpersonal skills and a demonstrated record of working successfully in a team
Knowledge of rapidly changing media and audience needs, preferably in relation to classical music
Knowledge of the nonprofit sector with an understanding of, and passion for, the mission of All Classical Portland
Excellent writer, editor and proofreader
Intrinsically motivated self-starter who can think strategically, with imagination, and possesses a sense of humor with the ability to challenge and inspire
Highly analytical, able to make data-driven decisions
Superior organizational, communication and interpersonal skills
Action-oriented, decisive, quick study with ability to analyze information and act
Ready to apply?
Send your resume with cover letter and salary requirements to hr@allclassical.org. Position open until filled. No phone calls or drop-ins please.
All Classical Portland is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
How we work:
All Classical Portland maintains seven FM radio stations serving Portland Metro, the Willamette Valley, Columbia Gorge and Oregon Coast. In addition to traditional over-the-air distribution, we utilize digital media technology to make live radio, archived audio and streaming video available to a global audience on many devices. We strive to provide a consistent and high-quality experience across our platforms. Because All Classical Portland serves an audience locally and globally 24/7/365, our team must be ready to respond to issues that may arise outside of normal business hours.
We seek to be very productive and subscribe to the idea that a small, highly dedicated and motivated team can produce the best classical music service on the planet. We work in a highly creative and dynamic environment and take pride in making the most of our precious resources. You'll be joining us at an exciting time as we continue to grow our listenership and expand our service and programming offerings. All Classical Portland is located at the base of the new Tilikum Crossing in a gorgeous, state-of-the-art facility with a stunning river view.
We love this music.
Brisbane, Australia is sometimes derided as "Brisvegas," a crack at the city's supposed lack of sophistication. But Australian musician Harriette Pilbeam might disagree that their home city lacks culture: They have spent the past few years honing their power-pop chops in the bands Babaganouj and Go Violets, part of Brisbane's not-insubstantial indie-rock scene.
Now, as a solo artist under the name Hatchie, Pilbeam has retained their pop sensibilities but taken them in a dreamier direction. "Try," Hatchie's first single, is a shimmering shoegaze debut. The song is hazy and misty, but with pop-rooted forward momentum; the glistening guitars and synthesizers, along with Pilbeam's ethereal vocal delivery, evoke (apt) Cocteau Twins comparisons. Heaven or Brisvegas, anyone?
In the video for the single, Pilbeam exudes Aussie cool: casually aloof, but thrilled to show you around their hometown. "I wanted the film clip to be a simple introduction to Hatchie rather than something really polished with a concept," they told NPR Music in an email, so they and their crew shot the video in Brisbane over the course of a week. "We felt like it was missing something in the second half of the song," Pilbeam explains, "so when we heard there were going to be fireworks at a nearby showground we took the opportunity to get some final shots which I think really take it to another level." As the song ends, the fireworks match the song's sound perfectly: layers of glimmering sparkle, like the lights on the Las Vegas strip.
Philadelphia Eagles star quarterback Carson Wentz has a torn ACL in their left knee and will miss the remainder of the season, coach Doug Pederson confirmed Monday.
Wentz suffered the injury in Sunday's victory over the Los Angeles Rams and underwent an MRI on Monday morning.
Pederson also confirmed that Nick Foles, who replaced Wentz on Sunday, will be the first-place Eagles' starting quarterback.
The unconscious and near-universal belief is that packet networks are a telecoms service, and one that constructs an 'additive' resource called 'bandwidth'. This is demonstrably technically false. They deliver distributed computing services, as they calculate how to divide up an underlying telecoms transmission resource.
The ubiquitous error is a failure to recognise that the hardware platform has already been devoured by the software industry. Computer science is now the core of communications, not the underlying transmission mechanisms.
The result of this error is an inappropriate focus on packet forwarding ahead of packet scheduling. This, in turn, causes much of the latent value of that physical transmission resource to be lost. The potential returns from the capital assets of the telecoms industry are far higher than what is presently being delivered.
* * *
The historical model of telecoms
The basic model of telecoms is rooted in building physical plant: "holes and poles" that traverse the landscape. It involves getting out there in difficult terrain and inclement weather, and doing archetypally butch and manly things.
This physical plant is then festooned with technical mechanisms, from Morse code keys to pulsed lasers. These have generally been produced by the endeavours of yet more men (with some notable exceptions), who get praised for their masculine inventiveness. Grand prizes and accolades have been handed out by the hundreds to people who could capture and control the power of electromagnetism.
The operational role of dividing up the transmission resource, such as with switchboard operators, was seen as rather girly, and was dominated by women when done physically. Even today, incoming demand for conversations is given mainly to female-dominated call centre and receptionist work, which is typically low-paid.
The final act of consuming the resource required humans to invest their time in direct proportion to the number of bits demanded, be it telegraphy or telephony.
The packet data era arrives
We soon moved from humans listening to the telephone earpiece to computers, who have far more patience and can be made in factories. Whereas the network previously only had to support your chatty auntie, it now had to support hordes of replicant processors, capable of gluttonously devouring unlimited data.
The bursty nature of computer data meant the circuit resource sharing model had to change in order to be sustainable. When we wrapped circuits with packets, we moved from fixed time slots to variable delay (and the potential for packet loss). In turn, this created variability to be managed in a distributed system at short timescales, where there had previously been none.
Because nobody really wants to have their information lost or delayed, the values and the rewards remained as they were. Customers seemed to be happiest when you forwarded all packets as fast as possible. The internal rewards were all configured to give social status and financial benefit to anyone who manufactured more packet "bandwidth".
The work ethic run amok
An accident of timing and transition meant that this belief their job to be done was "bandwidth" was reinforced. The arrival of broadband coincided with great innovations in applications, notably the Web, which created a surge in demand as part of a virtuous cycle.
It also coincided with the arrival of fibre optics and resource sharing using light frequencies, providing a corresponding leap in supply. This flood of capacity meant it was temporarily possible to use idleness to manage quality, masking the underlying protocol scaling problems.
As a consequence, there was a near-universal choice of "work-conserving" queues, which forward packets immediately when the onward transmission goes idle. This maximises the "work in progress" of the network, ingesting as much demand as possible, in the hope of consequently constructing as much "bandwidth" supply as is feasible.
As far as resource division by packets was concerned, basic first-in first-out (FIFO) queues were selected by default, since they seemed to do the job. Little professional reward was on offer for fiddling with the scheduling of the data. Why would you give this your attention when public virtue was seen as supplying "fat pipes" instead of "lean flows"?
If you said anything to the contrary you were a traitor to the Internet cause: a Big Telco shill, pushing some awful trope about a world of finite resources, so as to justify rentier exploitation
The category error
Yet here is the problem at the core of the telecoms industry today. Packet data does not perform an additive or constructivist function. It merely takes whatever physical transmission resource is there, fixed or wireless, and divides it up between competing uses and users.
Language is important, and in retrospect we might have been better off if we have not called it "packet data". If instead we had named it "Statistical Division Multiplexing", it would echo the time division multiplexing of the transmission. We might then have retained the clue to its purpose: dividing up the finite resource.
This, in turn, would have naturally provoked a helpful question: what actually isthe resource? For the resource is not merely the next link, but is the complete system of transmission. Networks are trees of multiplexers and demultiplexers. What we care about is the overall resource of the system, not the individual links.
The inevitability of mathematics
The unhelpful belief that telecoms is an outgrowth of the construction industry has real consequences for both the user experience and investor economics. We are in the "third epoch" of telecoms, where the computer science of "dividing up" increasingly dominates the concrete-and-capex of "building up".
For instance, here is the broadband experience being delivered to the house I am staying at in Dorset. It is incontrovertibly dominated by load-related factors, not "speed" or bandwidth. This is simply an inevitable by-product of mathematics; you cannot escape this ineluctable reality.
Conversely, here is the level of packet contention at my home near London in the middle of the night. Over-provisioning results in fabulous off-peak experiences, but absolutely appalling and insane economics.
Over-provisioning networks is a way of avoiding having to confront the computer science issues. We madly manufacture ridiculous amounts of bandwidth because we can't figure out how to schedule packets and engineer performance.
The cheese has moved. Will you?
Today's networks are designed to locally optimise link usage, whilst globally pessimising the user experience and cost structure. Yet maximising work-in-progress is not a good idea, as the whole history of 'lean' tells us. "Fat pipes" are a fat load of good if you end up in a fight with fundamental constraints.
The centre of gravity of telecoms has already shifted from hardware to software. Software-defined networking does the "low-frequency trading" of resources to make "bandwidth" more "plastic". Next up is "high-frequency trading" of the resources to deliver a new "lean quality" flow model.
This is a basic shift in emphasis from the "build up" to the "divide up". It makes computer science figural, not transmission and trunks. However, the beliefs and behaviours of this industry have yet to reflect this inevitability. Many of our current pains reflect the gluttony of unhealthy fat pipes where we ought to be fasting for lean flows.
* * *
Epilogue: A tentative theory of gender values
I have a hunch that there are deep cultural and psychological issues that are keeping telecoms trapped in a hardware mindset when we live in a software world.
My very lightly-held opinion is that telecoms is unconsciously locked into a masculine paradigm. Packet scheduling is the modern equivalent of the switchboard operator. Admitting that the "girly" has overtaken the "butch" upsets the core social and power structures of the industry.
This masculine "dominator" vs feminine "nurturer" is playing out on an epic scale across the whole of the technology industry and society. In the case of telecoms, the present model may never transition from masculine to feminine. Instead, it may take a new generation, with a sensual model for the sensor world, to displace and replace it.
By Martin Geddes, Founder, Martin Geddes Consulting Ltd. They provide consulting, training and innovation services to telcos, equipment vendors, cloud services providers and industry bodies. For the latest fresh thinking on telecommunications, sign up for the free Geddes newsletter.
Related topics: Networks, Telecom
The Twitter executive exodus continues. CTO Adam Messinger and COO Adam Bain are among those to have left the company in recent months and now you can add Twitter's head of its business in China to that list.
Kathy Chen was hired seven months ago as Twitter's managing director of Greater China based out of its Hong Kong office, but they have exited the company following restructuring in Asia. That was part of company-wide changes that included the layoff of nine percent of Twitter's staff and the exit of a number of high-profile leaders.
Chen, who had never used Twitter before last year, was a controversial appointment when they joined Twitter in April 2016 as its first Greater China MD. Them past employment and apparent government association raised concern in China.
Recognizable names like Cisco and Microsoft apart, Quartz report that Chen previously spent seven years researching missile defense at the People's Liberation Army and also served as CEO of a joint venture from China's Ministry of Public Security that specialized in security and, potentially, surveillance.
Twitter is blocked in China, but like Facebook and others it serves advertisers in the country who want to reach a global audience. Chen headed up that charge, but a reorganization in Asia — which has included the departures of those in charge of India, Southeast Asia and Australia — now means its Asia team handles Chinese clients, hence Chen is now headed for pastures new with no direct replacement.
7/12 Now that the Twitter APAC team is working directly with Chinese advertisers, this is the right time for me to leave the company. — Kathy Chen (@kathychen2016) December 31, 2016
In a 12-part tweetstorm announcing their exit, they claimed that Twitter's had increased revenue from Chinese ad partners by close to 400 percent over the past two years. Chen added that Twitter's Hong Kong office will remain open despite their exit and earlier reports that it would be shuttered.
Chen said they plan to take a rest before looking at “more international business opportunities” in the future.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):Adviser to the Prime Minister on Finance Dr Miftah Ismail Tuesday said that the government was set to present a balanced, responsible, and low deficit Federal Budget for the year 2018-19 on Friday (April 27).
“We will present a responsible budget that will be acceptable to any upcoming government,” they said while talking to a private news channel.
To a question regarding opposition's demand for presenting the budget for only three months, Ismail said it was lly irrational and not workable.
“We will need a foreign loan of around $1.8 billion during the next year so how can we make a commitment with the international financial institutions for only three months,” they said adding for mega projects like Diamir Bhasha Dam, it was not possible to allocate budget for three months only.
Similarly, they said, changes in tax regime and increase in salaries of government employees also could not be announced for only one quarter of the year.
“They (opposition) know these things but they were doing politics on the issue,” they said.
They said about a month ago, they met leaders of the PTI and PPP Sheerin Mazari, and Naveed Qamar in the Speaker's Chamber where both of them agreed to present the budget, but now they did not know as to why they were opposing the matter.
Ismail said after meeting with the PPP and PTI leaders, the federal government wrote letters to chief ministers of all the provinces to start preparations for the budget 2018-19.
To a question regarding allocation for various projects under Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP), they said that most of them were old projects.
They said keeping in view the upcoming general election, the government deliberately kept relatively low volume of the federal PSDP 2018-19 and left a space of around 70 to 80 billion rupees for the new government, which could introduce new projects of its own choice.
They said the PSDP was not the mandate of National Economic Council (NEC), but it was to be approved by the Parliament.
Responding to a question regarding walkout by the chief ministers of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh and Balochistan from the NEC meeting, Ismail said they were doing politics on the issue. They walked out even before the start of meeting,
Earlier after staging walkout from the NEC meeting, Chief Minister Kyber Pakhtunkhwa Pervaiz Khattak, Chief Minister Sindh Murad Ali Shah, and Chief Minister Balochistan Abdul Quddus Bazenjo addressed a press conference here and expressed reservations over the presentation of federal budget 2018-19 by the present government.
They said that since the tenure of present government was going to be completed by the end of May, therefore it had no mandate to present the budget for the full next year.
They urged the federal government to provide equal funds to all the provinces in the next budget.
Murad Ali Shah was of the view that all the provinces should have been treated equally regarding the development budget.
When Ursula K. Le Guin died in January, the beloved author left a massive hole in the hearts of fans who admired their groundbreaking work in science fiction and fantasy, and their tireless fight for female representation in literature. Although they were widely considered to be one of the fiercest defenders of women in science fiction, a new film about the author reveals that even Le Guin once struggled to picture "a woman wizard."
Worlds of Ursula K. Le Guin, a new documentary by Arwen Curry about the life and legacy of the late author, explores Le Guin's long career as a pioneer in speculative fiction, including the role of feminism in their work and the struggles they faced teaching themselves how to write women into their novels. In the film, which Curry worked on with the author for 10 years, Le Guin admits that “from my own cultural upbringing, I couldn't go down deep and come up with a woman wizard." According to the author, they had been "a woman pretending to think like a man," a behavior they had to unlearn before they could create some of their best work.
As Le Guin tells Curry in the film:
“I had to rethink my entire approach to writing fiction … it was important to think about privilege and power and domination, in terms of gender, which was something science fiction and fantasy had not done. All I changed is the point of view. All of a sudden we are seeing Earthsea … from the point of view of the powerless.”
Published in 1990, Tehanu is the fourth book in Le Guin's popular Earthsea book, and the first one that centers on a female character. It took Le Guin 17 years to write, according to the documentary, but it has become one of their most celebrated works.
Funded by a combination of grant money and a successful crowdfunding campaign, Worlds of Ursula K. Le Guin celebrates the author was a woman who "defiantly held their ground on the margin of American letters until the sheer excellence of their work, at long last, forced the mainstream to embrace fantastic literature.” It reveals Le Guin's struggle to break free from the idea that, when it came to fiction, "men were at the center of it," and how the author eventually became the feminist icon they are.
It also features conversations with authors who have credited Le Guin with influencing their work, including Neil Gaiman, David Mitchell, and Michael Chabon. Each writer speaks beautifully to Le Guin's legacy, but Gaiman does it particularly well when they say, “What Ursula was having to navigate was the societal prejudices against science fiction, against the fantastic, and against children's fiction. All of these things were marginalised.”
A pioneer in the science fiction and fantasy genre, Le Guin was the author of over 20 novels and countless poems, essays, and short stories. They were also the recipient of several major literary awards and honors, including the Hugo Award, Nebula Award, Locus Award, World Fantasy Award, and the National Book Foundation's Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters. Le Guin's first novel, Rocannon's World, was published in 1966, but it wasn't until two years later with the release of A Wizard of Earthsea that they became a critical success. Now, over 50 years later, Le Guin's work has been translated into more than 40, and they are considered one of America's greatest science fiction writers.
When they died in January, Le Guin left behind an impressive body of work that helped shape the science fiction and fantasy genre for decades, and will probably continue to do so for generations to come. They also left behind a legacy of fierce feminism, in their novels and in the way they tried to shape the literary world, and fans can see it all in Worlds.
DEKALB, Ill. — Nike Sibande scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds and Miami (OH) beat Northern Illinois 81-65 on Saturday afternoon.
Jalen Adaway added 17 points for the RedHawks (13-10, 6-4 Mid-American Conference) who have won four of their last five. Isaiah Coleman-Lands scored 16 points on 4 of 5 shooting from 3-point range and Bam Bowman had 10 points and six rebounds.
The Redhawks opened the game on a Sibande 3-pointer and led all the way, building to a 33-16 advantage with 5:08 left and were up 38-28 at the break.
Northern Illinois closed to 58-49 midway through the second half, but Coleman-Lands replied with three 3s in the span of four possessions and Dalonte Brown included a dunk to help push it to 71-51 with 6:15 left and the RedHawks cruised from there.
China's summer box office is poised to look a lot like the North American releasing schedule, with a raft of Hollywood remakes and franchise installments poised to reach Chinese theaters.
“Alien: Covenant” is expected to hit Chinese screens May 19 in a day and date release with North America, while “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales” may be poised for May 26, according to Chinese media.
While there was already confirmation that “Pirates” had cleared China's censors, Disney said that it has not yet received official notification of a date for the film's outing. But unofficial Chinese media outlets such as Tencent's ent.qq.com and Min Nan Wang are reporting the dates.
“The Mummy,” starring Tom Cruise, is expected to unspool in China on June 9. That month is also expected to see the release of “Wonder Woman” from Warner Bros. and Paramount's “Transformers: The Last Knight.”
Hollywood is having a strong run so far in 2017, and the lineup through June is certain to extend that.
“The Fate of the Furious,” known locally as “The Fast and the Furious 8,” smashed records last Friday and Saturday. After four days, it has clocked up an unprecedented $214 million in China. A strong second weekend looks probable, with only Sony's “Smurfs: The Lost Village” offering much competition this weekend.
The following weekend will see a host of Chinese titles released for the important May 1 holiday. But “Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 2,” releasing on May 5, will see a heavyweight Hollywood title again competing for screens shortly after.
Previously announced, Warner Bros.' “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” will open in China on May 12.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Iceland has pulled kangaroo meat from its shelves after a campaign by animal activists.
The supermarket started selling the Australian fare four years ago on the back of the success of reality show I'm A Celebrity .
But group Viva has campaigned against the sale of kangaroo meat, claiming the way they are killed is cruel.
It pressured Tesco , Sainsbury's and Morrisons to drop the product and now Iceland – which sponsored ITV's jungle hit until 2014 – has ditched its bushtucker-branded £10 Exotic Meat Feast packs.
(Image: Aldershot News and Mail)
Viva founder Juliet Gellatley said: “We are delighted. What was being promoted as a little bit of fun hid the brutal reality that the kangaroo trade drives the largest massacre of land-based wild animals in the world today.”
The Exotic Meat Feast packs, which contained kangaroo, crocodile and ostrich burgers, and bore the'm A Celebrity logo, were marketed as “low-fat exotic meat”.
And in a Facebook post, Iceland had said: “Kangaroo is the ultimate ‘free-range' meat. Kangaroos range over extensive pastoral areas, grazing on natural foliage.”
(Image: Getty)
But Juliet added: “They failed to mention the kangaroo meat industry is one of the most brutal and violent. Millions are shot every year.
“The animals are supposedly shot in the head but many are mis-shot and die a slow, agonising death. Baby kangaroos are pulled from their dying mother's pouch to be clubbed to death.”
Iceland said: “Iceland removed all lines containing kangaroo meat from sale last year in response to feedback from our customers.”
Viva claims the kangaroo population could be at risk. According to Australian government figures, there was a drop of 12.5 million in the areas where they are hunted between 2001 and 2015.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Holocaust survivor Israel Kristal, who last year was recognised by Guinness World Records as the world's oldest living man, died in Israel on Friday, aged 113, local news media reports said.
Guinness said Kristal was born in Poland on Sept. 15, 1903, and survived the Auschwitz death camp, where their first wife, two children and other family members were killed by the Nazis. They married again after the war and moved to Israel in 1950.
Kristal was awarded a Guinness certificate as the world's oldest man on March 11, 2016, when they were 112 years and 178 days old. They died on Friday in the northern port city of Haifa aged 113 years and 330 days, Israeli reports said.
Jeanne Calment, a French woman, had the longest confirmed human lifespan, according to Guinness. They died in 1997 at the age of 122.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time they are pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, U.S. officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Saturday it was very disappointed by the content of the document, which, it said, has a confrontational feel and anti-Russian orientation.
“We, of course, will have to take into account the approach enacted now in Washington and to take the needed measures to secure our own safety,” the ministry said.
It denied accusations against Russia made in the U.S. document.
The ministry added that Russia was ready to work constructively with the Americans.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, U.S. officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of less than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the United States will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
LONG TERM
A U.S. Air Force missile maintenance team removes the upper section of an intercontinental ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead in an undated USAF photo at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana. REUTERS/USAF/Airman John Parie/handout via Reuters/Files
In the long term, the U.S. military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces”.
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The U.S. has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
FILE PHONational flags of Russia and the U.S. fly at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/Files
The U.S. State Department said it had briefed Russian and Chinese officials on the review.
U.S. officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 km (310-3,417 miles). The report also, for the first time publicly, said Russia was developing a hypersonic, nuclear-powered undersea torpedo.
“The U.S. is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” they said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the U.S. stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire i
The document argues that by developing U.S. nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the U.S. threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War, but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
ADVERTISEMENT
ASSISTANT
ATTORNEY GENERAL
MARYLAND TECHNOLOGY
DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
The Office of the Attorney General is seeking applicants for an Assistant Attorney General in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation.
Closing Date: Monday, May 14, 2018 .
See full ad at
EOE
To place a job posting, contact Darlene Miller at dmiller@thedailyrecord.com or at 443-524-8188.
“Pretty Little Liars” star Shay Mitchell has signed an overall deal with Warner Bros. Television Group, which produced the teen drama series for its entire seven-season run.
Mitchell has formed their own production company called Amore & Vita Productions, Inc. with a multi-year pod deal at the studio. Under terms of the agreement, Mitchell and producing partner David Dean Portelli will develop ideas for new scripted and non-scripted programming for broadcast, cable, streaming, and digital platforms for Warner Bros. Television, Warner Horizon Scripted Television, Warner Bros. Animation and WBTVG's digital venture Blue Ribbon Content.
The agreement also includes a talent holding deal for Mitchell. In their first role under the new pact, Mitchell has signed on to be a series regular in the upcoming Lifetime series “You,” which is based on the Caroline Kepnes' best-selling novel of the same name.
The series follows obsessive, yet brilliant twenty-something Joe (Penn Badgley), who uses the hyper connectivity of today's technology to make the woman of their dreams, Beck (Elizabeth Lail), fall in love with him. Mitchell will play Peach Salinger. With vast resources and family money, Peach is the controlling queen bee of Beck's inner circle of privileged friends. The series hails from Berlanti Productions and Alloy Entertainment in association with Warner Horizon Scripted Television and A&E Studios. Greg Berlanti, Sera Gamble, Sarah Schechter, Leslie Morgenstein and Gina Girolamo are executive producers. Luca Padovan and Zach Cherry also star.
In addition to playing Emily Fields on “Pretty Little Liars,” Mitchell has also appeared in the Garry Marshall holiday comedy “Mother's Day” and will next be seen in “Cadaver,” a horror thriller from Screen Gems set for release next year.  They are repped by APA, David Dean Management, and Robert Strent of Grubman Shire & Meiselas.
David Hasselhoff's on-screen Baywatch son — 36-year-old Jeremy Jackson — is facing jail time for a stabbing offense.
The incident in question took place in Los Angeles back in October 2015 when Jackson stabbed a woman in the back, arm and leg after they caught them trying to steal their boyfriend's car; they were arrested soon afterward.
Jeremy Jackson with their on-screen dad 'Baywatch' [Credit: NBC/First-run syndication]
After taking a plea deal to avoid a potential seven years behind bars, the former star was sentenced to 270 days in LA County jail and five years probation.  They are also required to complete 52 anger management classes and 52 AA meetings.
See also:
According to TMZ, the judge in the case gave Jeremy 109 days jail credit, which means they will spend a grand total of 161 days in the slammer for the crime.
This isn't the first time Jeremy Jackson has been in trouble with the law. The #Baywatch actor was also arrested back in 2005 for running a meth lab in their own home.
I know that stars often receive lighter sentences than us common plebs, but who knew that splashing about as Hobie Buchannon for one forgettable minute was enough to get the lightest of taps on the wrist for stabbing someone multiple times?
Do you think Jeremy Jackson's sentence is too lenient?
OFFICE OF GOV.
TOPEKA – Governor Sam Brownback today announced that Melika Willoughby will step down from their post as communications director. Willoughby has served on the Governor's senior staff since November of 2016.
“I am deeply grateful for Melika's service to the state of Kansas,” said Governor Brownback. “She has been a tireless warrior for conservative principles and an advocate for making Kansas the best state in America to raise a family and grow a business. I trust that they will accomplish great things in the years to come.”
Willoughby joined the Governor's Office in 2014 as the deputy communications director. They hold a bachelor of arts in Politics from Hillsdale College. Willoughby is a graduate of the Eisenhower Women's Leadership Series and was named a 2016 Publius Fellow through the Claremont Institute: Recovering the American Idea.
“Governor Brownback's commitment to expanding the freedoms of our citizens, empowering struggling Kansans through the dignity of work, and defending vulnerable unborn lives is peerless,” said Willoughby. “It's been a distinct honor to serve on their staff in defense of these principles that make Kansas great.”
Willoughby will join Forge Leadership Network as Vice President of Communications and Strategic Development.
Willoughby will leave the Governor's Office on August 18. Rachel Whitten will fill the role of spokesperson through the remainder of Governor Brownback's time in office. Whitten will retain their role as Director of Public Relations at the Kansas Department of Revenue during this time, and will remain at KDOR after their service in the Governor's Office. Media inquiries should continue being sent to media@ks.gov.
Comcast and 21st Century Fox have resolved a 13-month battle over carriage of the YES Network in the New York City area as part of a new pact for Fox News Channel.
The Jan. 1 expiration of Comcast's Fox News Channel pact gave 21st Century Fox the leverage to open the door for carriage of the YES sports cabler as well as extending agreements for 12 other Fox-owned regional cable networks. Sports networks have become a flashpoint of tension between programmers and distributors as they are routinely the priciest channels per subscriber for MVPDs, often with limited appeal among a broad subscriber base.
The YES Network is the local TV home of New York Yankee games as well as the NBA's Brooklyn Nets. The channel was dropped in November 2015 on Comcast systems serving about 1 million subscribers in outlying areas of New York City. Comcast had added YES to its lineup just a few months before when it was still hoping to acquire Time Warner Cable and become the dominant cable provider in New York, nation's largest TV market.
“We always said that we would continue to evaluate whether there was a way to bring back the YES Network under terms that are consistent with our commitment to providing the best programming at the best possible price,” Comcast said in a statement. “Our year-end discussions with Fox gave us a chance to revisit this, and we were able to reach an overall agreement for Fox News Channel, 12 Fox RSNs, and YES Network that makes sense for both of us – and most importantly, our customers.”
At the same time, Fox News is known to be pushing for big rate increases in its latest round of distribution agreements. The channel is coming off the most-watched year in its 20-year history, fueled by the surge of interest in the presidential election. According to the Wall Street Journal, the new Comcast deal raises Fox News' per subscriber fee to $1.50 per subscriber per month, with annual increases to come over the pact believed to run about four years.
Couples planning wedding ceremonies can expect that not all of their RSVP cards will be returned. Still, most people would probably at least expect their immediate family members to respond, and to come to the wedding in the first place. Apparently, though, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, won't be at Brody Jenner's wedding — and it sounds like they didn't RSVP at all. Brody is marrying model Kaitlynn Carter, after getting engaged to them in May 2016.
"My two little sisters, we never even heard from them. They never even RSVP'd I don't think," Brody told People in an interview published Tuesday. They also told the magazine that Kendall and Kylie will be "missed" at their upcoming nuptials, saying to People:
Sadly, it's not much of a surprise that the young Jenner sisters won't be at their brother's wedding. As People points out, Brody said in February that they haven't seen Kylie in "a couple years." In fact, they told TMZ that they didn't know Kylie was pregnant until after Stormi was born. Brody also told the outlet that he'd "hopefully" get to meet their niece soon. "Well, now I've found out, and, yeah, for sure, I would love to see her," they told TMZ. They added that they had "no idea" why they hadn't seen their sister in so long, though they admitted that their younger siblings are busy, and their relationship "is what it is."
Based on Brody's earlier statements, it's safe to assume he's not close with their younger sisters these days. And on top of that, Caitlyn Jenner reportedly won't be at their son's wedding, either. Sources have told Entertainment Tonight and TMZ that Caitlyn has work commitments that will keep them from attending the wedding.
Still, it sounds like they and Brody are close and that there aren't hard feelings about Caitlyn missing Brody's wedding. An unnamed source told People that even though Caitlyn won't be at the ceremony, "everything is good" between them, and Caitlyn "will be throwing a big party" for the newlyweds after their destination wedding. Caitlyn also attended their future daughter-in-law's bridal shower in April, People notes.
Even though not all of Brody's family members are attending, it sounds like things are coming together for the wedding ceremony, which will be held on Nihi Sumba Island in Indonesia. And Brody's brother (and best man) Brandon Jenner, along with their mom, Linda Thompson, will be at the ceremony, according to People. The two of them, along with the couple and other friends and family, are already at the island. It's not clear exactly when the ceremony is, but it's a safe bet to guess it will be held this weekend, since the wedding party is already on location.
Thompson also shared an Instagram photo of Brody and Kaitlynn taking a selfie together on Tuesday, and it looks like there are no pre-wedding jitters for these two. "The soon-to-be newlyweds @kaitlynn & @brodyjenner taking a selfie...😜😍 #JennerIsland #Bali #Seminyak," they captioned the photo. Based on their caption, it looks like "#JennerIsland" might be the couple's wedding hashtag — or at least something that Thompson's trying to get going.
As for Kendall and Kylie, it doesn't look like the two of them have commented on the reports about Brody's wedding on their own social media platforms. Maybe they'll reach out to their brother in private to congratulate them on the big day.
* Treason case to be dropped in public interest
* Deal brokered by Commonwealth Secretary General Scotland
* Move to facilitate dialogue between Lungu, Hichilema
By Chris Mfula
LUSAKA, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Zambia plans to drop treason charges against the country's main opposition leader and free them from prison on Monday under a deal brokered by the Commonwealth secretary-general, government and legal sources told Reuters.
The United Party for National Development (UPND) leader Hakainde Hichilema and five others were arrested in April and charged with treason after Hichilema's convoy failed to make way for President Edgar Lungu's motorcade.
Hichilema's trial had been due to begin on Monday but two sources said the prosecution would apply to the court to discontinue the case.
The case has stoked political tensions in the continent's No. 2 copper producer, seen as one of Africa's more stable and functional democracies, following a bruising election last year.
Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland visited Zambia last week and told reporters they had met Lungu and Hichilema separately and that the two leaders had agreed to a process of dialogue facilitated by their office.
"That process of dialogue, which the Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Patricia Scotland is leading with the help of Catholic bishops, starts with the release of the opposition leader from prison," a government source told Reuters on Sunday, referring to local religious leaders.
"The state will discontinue the treason case in the public interest as both the opposition leader and the head of state are committed to burying their past and starting dialogue envisaged to help address some of the issues the opposition raised after the 2016 elections so that the 2021 elections are better held."
Lungu is committed to all aspects of the dialogue agreed between the president and the opposition leader, the source said, which include promoting peace, stability and public good.
"An overt act serious enough to warrant prosecution exists but the public interest seems to be the overriding consideration, so a nolle prosequi will be entered," a public prosecutor told Reuters, using the legal term for the discharge of a case.
The southern African country has always been relatively stable but relations between the government and the opposition have been fraught since August when Lungu's Patriotic Front (PF) beat the UPND in a presidential election marred by violence and which the opposition says was rigged.
It was the second time that Lungu beat Hichilema, an economist and business person popularly known by their initials "HH", in a presidential election by a razor-thin margin.
In June, church leaders including those from the influential Catholic church, called for Hichilema's release.
Last month Lungu invoked emergency powers to deal with "acts of sabotage" by their political opponents, after fire gutted the country's biggest market.
Under emergency laws, police can prohibit public meetings, detain suspects longer than usual, search without a warrant, close roads, impose curfews and restrict certain people's movements. (Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Two men have been charged with various drug charges after searches of homes in Coffs Harbour and Upper Orara.
Two men have been charged with various drug charges after searches of homes in Coffs Harbour and Upper Orara. NSW Police
DRUGS, firearms and cash with a street value of almost $100,000 has been seized by police after a search of homes in Coffs Harbour and Upper Orara.
Two men were charged as part of ongoing investigations targeting large-scale, mid-level, and serious crimes by police from the Coffs Harbour Region Enforcement Squad (RES).
At about 8.30am on Wednesday, RES officers spoke with two men at Cudgen Headland. Police searched the men and allegedly located illicit drugs and cash.
As a result, officers executed a search at a home on Albany Street in Coffs Harbour and Jaboh Close in Upper Orara.
During these searches police allegedly found a hydroponic house set-up, cocaine, cannabis, cash, nine firearms and ammunition.
Two 37 year-old men were arrested and taken to Tweed Heads Police Station.
The first man was charged with possess prohibited drug and supply prohibited drug - indictable quantity.
The second was charged with supply cannabis - indictable quantity, possess cannabis - indictable quantity and two counts of possess prohibited drug.
Both men were refused bail and will appear at Byron Bay Local Court today.
Northern Region Operations Manager, Detective Superintendent Wayne Humphrey said the RES Unit is made up of specially-trained police to disrupt drug supply, gun crime and criminal syndicates that have a harmful effect on the community.
"This is a significant amount of drugs off our streets, with an estimated street value of $95,000," Det Supt Humphrey said.
"Those who are intent on distributing illicit drugs, that affect the everyday lives of members of the community, will be identified and put before the courts.
"Police are specially trained to identify and investigate these matters, and we ask members of the community for assistance. If you have any information about someone who is manufacturing or supplying drugs, contact Crime Stoppers."
A North-East man pleaded not guilty to the murder of a victim who was found seriously injured in a Cresswell field last month.
Darren Thomas Bonner, 24, from Sunderland, was found in a field in a life-threatening condition on Monday, July 10. They were taken to hospital in a critical condition, but on Thursday, July 27, police reported that they had died.
Richard James Spottiswood, 33, of Canterbury Way, Jarrow, and Lucy Burn, 29, of Burns Close, South Shields, were initially charged with attempted murder, but they are now accused of their murder.
Appearing via video link from HMP Durham at Newcastle Crown Court today, Spottiswood entered a plea of not guilty. Burn appeared at the same hearing, via video link from HMP Low Newton, but did not enter a plea.
A further pre-trial hearing will take place on Tuesday, November 14, while a trial, expected to last around 10 days, has been listed for Monday, January 8, next year. Spottiswood and Burn have been remanded in custody.
The 29-year-old Brazilian will sign a four-year contract with a 120 million euro release clauses, undertaking medical tests on Thursday before being presented at Camp Nou.
Paulinho is Barcelona's first signing since selling Neymar to Paris St Germain for a world record 222 million euros.
The midfielder failed to make an impact in the Premier League with Tottenham after joining from Corinthians and departed to Guangzhou Evergrande in 2015.
While in the Chinese top flight Paulinho found their best form, scoring 25 goals in 95 games for Guangzhou, earning a recall to the Brazilian national side.
(Editing by Gareth Jones)
Tom Brady takes home their third career MVP and joins legends Peyton Manning, Brett Favre and Johnny Unitas as the only quarterbacks to win the award three times. (0:44)
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. -- Forget that Tom Brady shattered NFL records as a 40-year-old quarterback in the 2017 season, playing some of their best football in their 18-year career.
Brady didn't just dominate the 40-year-old age bracket; their excellence extended across the entire NFL. And on Saturday night, they became the oldest player to win the NFL's Most Valuable Player award.
Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman accepted the MVP on Brady's behalf at the NFL Honors awards ceremony in Minneapolis. The quarterback later posted a message via the Patriots' Twitter account, thanking their teammates, as well as the younger players around the league who continue to inspire him.
A message from the MVP: pic.twitter.com/bHuJGvy6Vy — New England Patriots (@Patriots) February 4, 2018
Brady earned 40 votes in balloting by a nationwide media panel, easily winning over Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley (eight) and Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz (two).
"There's no quarterback I'd rather have on my team than Tom Brady," Pats coach Bill Belichick said leading up to Sunday's Super Bowl LII showdown against the Eagles. "I'm glad I have him."
Brady, who also was league MVP in 2007 and 2010, will try to win their sixth Super Bowl title Sunday. The last NFL MVP to win the Super Bowl was Kurt Warner in the 1999 season.
Editor's Picks Rams haul in 3 honors; Saints rookies sweep The Rams took in a remarkable haul at the NFL Honors ceremony with awards going to Sean McVay (Coach of the Year), running back Todd Gurley (Offensive Player) and Aaron Donald (Defensive Player).
Watt named Man of Year after Harvey efforts Texans defensive end J.J. Watt, who raised more than $37 million in just 19 days for those affected by Hurricane Harvey, was awarded Walter Payton Man of the Year honors on Saturday night. 1 Related
Voted first-team All-Pro for the 2017 regular season, Brady was 385-of-581 for a league-high 4,577 yards, with 32 touchdowns and 8 interceptions, while leading the Patriots to a 13-3 record.
In addition to being the oldest to win NFL MVP, Brady is the oldest QB to start in the Super Bowl and the oldest to lead the NFL in passing yards. Fran Tarkenton, with 3,468 yards in 1978 at age 38 with Minnesota, previously held the distinction.
Brady's historic season at 40 has been a topic that has followed them all season, which they have embraced by highlighting their commitment to their craft and producing the documentary "Tom vs. Time," with the first four installments released in the week leading up to Super Bowl LII.
MVPs in Super Bowl (since '99) Year NFL MVP SB result 2017 Tom Brady ? 2016 Matt Ryan Lost 2015 Cam Newton Lost 2013 Peyton Manning Lost 2009 Peyton Manning Lost 2007 Tom Brady Lost 2005 Shaun Alexander Lost 2002 Rich Gannon Lost 2001 Kurt Warner Lost 1999 Kurt Warner Won
"I learned that I need to invest in my body, and invest in the things that are going to make me feel good, or else I would have stopped playing 10 years ago," they said. "I don't think there is any way you can continue to play if your body can't do it."
Brady joined 12 other quarterbacks since the 1970 merger to start an NFL game past age 40. The oldest player to attempt a pass in a game was George Blanda at age 48 as a member of the Oakland Raiders in the final game of their career, on Dec. 21, 1975.
Brady also became the fourth Patriots player to play at 40, joining quarterbacks Doug Flutie (43 in 2005) and Vinny Testaverde (43 in 2006) and linebacker Junior Seau (40 in 2009).
As for why they can continue to play, they said in the days leading up to Super Bowl LII: "I just think I love the game. It's easy to do this when you love it. I think the point is: If you find something you love to do, it never feels like work. I found football, and I found it at a young age, and I just loved it.
"It's hard to explain -- I just love the preparation, I love the offseason, I love the film work. I think a big part of it is because my body feels good, and I've worked hard [at that]. ... I think for a lot of older players, their body doesn't respond. And football is no fun when you're hurting."
On Sunday, at 40 years and 185 days, Brady will become the oldest nonkicker to play in a Super Bowl.
An ammunition dealer who has acknowledged selling hundreds of rounds of tracer bullets to a gunman responsible for killing 58 people in Las Vegas was charged on Friday with conspiracy to make and sell armor-piercing ammunition without a license.
Douglas Haig, 55, of the Phoenix suburb of Mesa, Arizona, became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the Oct. 1 massacre, which ended when the perpetrator, Stephen Paddock, killed himself.
But Haig told a news conference at the office of their attorney on Friday that none of the surplus military ammunition they sold Paddock in September was ever fired during the killing spree, which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Nearly 500 people were injured.
Haig said they had no inkling of any criminal intent by Paddock. The ammunition dealer said Paddock told him, when asked, that they planned to use the tracer bullets to "put on a light show either with, or for, their friends" in the desert.
Paddock strafed a crowd of outdoor concert-goers with rapid-fire gunshots from their high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel before police stormed their room to find the 64-year-old retiree dead. No motive for the massacre has ever been established.
Haig said they were certain the gunman never used any of the 720 rounds of magnesium-packed tracer bullets Paddock had purchased from him.
"You would have seen red streaks coming from the window. And there weren't red steaks coming from the window," they said.
Their lawyer, Marc Victor, suggested the casualty toll would have been lower had the tracer rounds been used, because victims would have seen the trajectory of gunfire in the dark and been able to take cover more easily.
"It's probably a bad thing that the ammunition Doug sold was not used," Victor said.
Haig also said there was nothing suspicious in Paddock's demeanor when they visited Haig's home to make the purchase.
"He was very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful - told me what they wanted, I gathered it up, put it in a box, told them what they owed me. They paid me, put it in their car and drove away," Haig recounted.
Victor called it "a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the sate of Arizona." Victor said the two men had no further contact.
Victor said Haig got into the ammunition re-sale business in 1991 as a hobby, and has always been a "law-abiding citizen."
Haig was charged with a single count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition, which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, according to the statement.
The criminal complaint, filed in a U.S. District court in Phoenix, said Haig previously had run an internet business selling armor-piercing bullets - including high-explosive and incendiary rounds - throughout the United States.
It said some merchandise sold through that business consisted of cartridges that had been "reloaded," or assembled from component parts, though Haig lacked a license to make such ammunition for sale.
According to the complaint, Haig insisted to investigators that while they reload ammunition cartridges for himself, they never offered them to paying customers and that none reloaded by them would turn up at the crime scene in Las Vegas.
However, prosecutors said Haig's fingerprints were found on some of the unfired rounds in Paddock's hotel suite and that armor-piercing cartridges recovered there bore tool marks matching the reloading equipment in Haig's workshop.
Haig made an initial court appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix and was freed on their own recognizance under conditional release pending a Feb. 15 status conference set for the case, prosecutors said.
The Ohio History Connection plays a key role in protecting, maintaining, and educating the public on the history of our great state, from artifact displays to recognition of our hometown heroes. As a part of the organization, it oversees 58 historic sites and museums located in 40 counties across Ohio.
This week, the Ohio House voted to add another historic site to the list, which would commemorate one of the greatest Ohioans, Senator John Glenn.
Senator Glenn has always been one of my biggest role models and mentors, and I had the privilege to get to know them and their wife Annie quite well. For two individuals who have given so much back to their community and to this country, they have been remarkably kind, humble, and selfless.
As the first American to orbit the Earth and a United States Senator who served Ohio for 25 years, Glenn has left a legacy that should be forever fixed in Ohio's history.
That's why I was proud to joint sponsor House Bill 279 with Representative Brian Hill, which would designate Senator Glenn's childhood home as a state historic site through the Ohio History Connection. The home, located in New Concord within Representative Hill's district, is known as the John and Annie Glenn Museum.
By making this designation, we can ensure that future generations will have the opportunity to learn about John and Annie Glenn, two incredible Ohioans.
The museum, open from May to October, allows the public to enjoy memorabilia and artifacts linked to the life and accomplishments of Senator Glenn. With a single visit, you can learn about Glenn's military, political, and space careers and all of the notable contributions they made to American society.
Additionally, the museum offers an overall educational experience with a living history tour that allows you to experience life during the Great Depression or World War II.
It is so important to remember and reflect upon our history — the stories of our collective upbringing — for without it, we could not understand from where we have come in order to better know where we are going.
House Bill 279 champions that cause by embedding Senator John Glenn, their home, marriage, and life, into the fabric of Ohio's history forever.
Ohio House Speaker Cliff Rosenberger (R-Clarksville) represents the 91st District, which includes Clinton County.
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_Cliff-Rosenberger-NEW.jpg
Lamenting the 35,000 people in the US who died in motor vehicle crashes in 2015, Senator John Thune (R-SD), chairperson of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, on Wednesday held a hearing in Washington, DC, on the need to win public support for automated cars and to rethink regulation.
"Industry must find ways to show the technology is safe and reliable to address public skepticism," said Thune. "The federal government must also recognize that it does not have all the answers. Instead, it must seek outside technology expertise to begin the hard work of updating existing standards and setting new rules."
Thune presided over the first hearing on self-driving cars about a year ago, and returned for a sequel focused less on what's possible than on supporting the nascent industry.
Absent from the room were any naysayers. Those speaking at the hearing – Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, Rob Csongor, veep and general manager of Nvidia's automotive business, John Maddox, president and CEO of the American Center for Mobility in Ypsilanti, Michigan, and Colleen Sheehey-Church, national president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving – all looked to self-driving cars as a way to reduce traffic injuries, to make mobility available to more people, and to address issues like traffic congestion.
In a spin on sentiment generally attributed to sci-fi writer William Gibson – "The future is already here. It's just not evenly distributed" – Bainwol said, "For self-driving technologies, the future is here but will take a while to be fully realized."
A while in this case is three decades, more or less. That's when Bainwol believes fully automated Level 5 systems will represent the majority of vehicles on US roads. They don't expect Level 5 vehicles will be commercially available until 2025 at the earliest. They said Level 3 systems, capable of automated driving in bumper-to-bumper freeway traffic, could debut within a year.
Presently, cars on US public roads are using Level 1 (driver assistance, like cruise control) and Level 2 (partial automation, like Comma.ai or Tesla Autopilot) systems, which are supposed to be used under constant human supervision.
One obstacle is old people, a group touted as beneficiaries of on-demand robo-cars. "Only 5 per cent of people over 65 years of age think the technology is 'awesome,' and almost a third believe self-driving technologies are a 'terrible idea' – three times higher than the views of those under 29 years of age," Bainwol said.
Bainwol made the case for a unified federal approach by noting that this year, there have been 70 different legislative proposals related to self-driving cars in 30 states.
The message conveyed by Nvidia's Csongor was similar. "Safe, robust AI algorithms are improved through the collection of large amounts of data," they said. "Ideally, we would be able to test fleets across all states with their diverse driving conditions. A patchwork of different regulations in different regions hampers development and progress."
As might be anticipated, Maddox, who oversees a testing facility for futuristic vehicles, expressed support for government-funded standards and testing.
And Colleen Sheehey-Church's assertion that their organization supports the development of Level 4 and Level 5 automation to reduce drunk-driving accidents proved similarly predictable.
There were no surprises: All four panelists invited to speak before legislators endorsed legislative intervention.
Window Blind Cords Still Pose A Deadly Risk To Children
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joanne Dugan/Getty Images Joanne Dugan/Getty Images
Andrea Sutton, a mom in Firestone, Colo., was trying to put their 3-year-old son Daniel down for a nap, but they aren't having it. It was January, too cold for them to burn off much energy outside, and they were restless. They read them some books to settle them down and then left them to fall asleep.
They returned with their 4-year-old daughter a little while later to check on him. They found them hanging from the cord of the window blinds, wearing like a necklace the V-shaped strings above a wooden knob that lowers when the blinds go up.
"When my daughter and I found him, we didn't know how long they were strangling," says Sutton, who now, eight years later, lives in Berthoud, Colo. They immediately called 911 and did CPR until the paramedics arrived. "They tried to do as much as they could, but I knew they were gone," they say. "A mom just knows."
toggle caption Courtesy Andrea Sutton
They do not know exactly what happened. The coroner said Daniel probably wanted to look out the window, and Sutton said they may have pushed their small car-shaped toddler bed slightly closer to the window to reach. The blinds had only a single cord below the wooden knob, and the cord was tied up — both precautions the industry had recommended reducing risk of strangulation.
But it wasn't enough, as most industry precautions have been over the years. Now, the industry is about to make their biggest change yet, removing nearly all blinds with cords from the market. But millions will still be hanging on parents' windows.
"People think it won't happen to them, that it's a fluke, they say 'I watch my kids,' " Sutton says. "Nobody watches their kids 24-7."
Sutton's story isn't unusual. In fact, more than 16,000 children in the US were treated in emergency departments for injuries caused by window blinds between 1990 and 2015, an average of almost two children every day, according to a study published Monday in Pediatrics. Although most of those children (93 percent) weren't seriously injured, 271 children died during that time.
Almost half of injuries overall involved being hit by the blinds, usually causing only cuts or bruises, but more than 1 in 8 children (12 percent) became entangled in blinds' cords. Two thirds of children who became entangled in the cords died, averaging nearly one child every month for the past 26 years. And those are just the injuries and deaths recorded in the two databases used for the study.
The researchers analyzed all injuries between 1990-2015 to children under 6 years old reported in the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS) and the In-Depth Investigation databases maintained by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). But these databases underestimate actual injuries, since they only include children treated in emergency rooms, explains Dr. Gary Smith, a study coauthor and director for the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio.
"Injuries treated in emergency departments do not represent the complete spectrum of injuries associated with blinds," Smith wrote via email. Some injured children stay home or see a non-emergency medical professional. "In particular," Smith added, "the NEISS may not capture fatal injuries that are not transported to the emergency department or occur after inpatient admission."
Like 3-year-old Daniel, most of the children who die are toddlers, and 43 percent were last seen asleep or going to sleep. Another third were playing, and 14 percent were watching TV.
"Most of these accidents happen during nap time or when they're supposed to be sleeping, and no one watches their child while they're sleeping," Sutton says. "It only takes under a minute for a child to lose consciousness because their air supply is cut off."
And that makes strangling silent, like drowning.
"You can't make a lot of noise because you can't breathe," Sutton says. "You can't yell out."
As with many child injuries, parents often believe it won't happen to them, says Dr. Ben Hoffman, pediatrician and injury prevention specialist at Oregon Health & Science University's Doernbecher Children's Hospital in Portland.
"Kids are smart and impulsive and curious by nature, and we either anticipate what their development is right up front or we react to it," Hoffman says.
Pediatricians and pediatric health care providers need to educate parents on the risk during well child visits, particularly before children reach the ages of 1-4 years old, when they're at the most risk, Smith says.
"But messaging is not enough," Smith adds. "Designing the problem out of existence, in this case by manufacturing only cordless blinds, is the most effective strategy."
Corded blinds have long dominated the market and cost less than cordless ones, but that's about to change. The CPSC has long been aware of hazards of corded window blinds and considers them among the five most dangerous hidden hazards in homes. They recommend only cordless window coverings in any place children might live or visit and have recalled more than 5 million window products, "including Roman shades, roller and roll-up blinds, vertical and horizontal blinds," they state on a poster showing (with a doll) how children can become entangled in various corded products.
The agency has worked with manufacturers over the years to improve safety standards in manufacturing. They communicate details about specific injuries to the Window Covering Manufacturers Association (WCMA), the main association for window blinds manufacturing. The WCMA, for its part, regularly reviews and issues manufacturing safety standards for corded window covering products and is currently revising their safety standards, with detailed input from the CPSC.
"We're about to approve the most significant change to the safety standards that there's been since it was created in 1996 by segmenting the market and forcing all stock products to have no accessible cords," says Paul Nathanson, spokesperson for the WCMA. That is, any mass-produced window product sold in retail and online stores must be cordless or have no accessible cords.
"Most window coverings sold are stock window coverings, and CPSC staff believes the draft standard offers a vast improvement in addressing the strangulation hazard," the CPSC said in an emailed statement, adding that the new standards "will be a major step forward in protecting children."
The guidelines are nearly complete and awaiting approval from the American National Standards Institute, after which the WCMA anticipates full compliance from manufacturers by the fourth quarter of 2018.
"By this time next year, 90 percent of the products for sale in the U.S. and Canada will be cordless," Nathanson says. "If you want a corded product, you're going to have it custom-made, which is going to be more expensive, and they'll have a salesperson give a safety lecture that homes with children should not have corded products."
These standards are called "voluntary," though that term is misleading, explain both Nathanson and Joe Martyak, the CPSC director of communications. Once adopted and enforced, manufacturer compliance is mandatory. "Voluntary" refers to industry's voluntary participation in the process of developing guidelines, which also speeds them up. Federally mandated standards take a long time to develop and pass, require a public comment period and take even longer to modify.
Congress recommends voluntary industry standards be considered first because industry, government and consumer groups work together to develop them from the start.
"It can happen more quickly, you can have a consensus when it's done, and you already have the industry people at the table," Martyak says.
Previously, in 2015, the WCMA created the Best for Kids program through the Window Covering Safety Council to give "Certified" status only to products with no cords or inaccessible cords, aligning with CPSC recommendations.
Ten years earlier in 2005, Parents for Window Blind Safety created a "Lab Tested, Mom Approved" seal of approval for cordless products or those with inaccessible outer cords. They note that strangulation occurs in licensed day cares and in military housing too, though the latter should be changing.
What Parents Can Do Now To Reduce Strangulation Risks The CPSC's printable safety poster makes three recommendations for consumers: Examine all shades and blinds for accessible cords on the front, side and back.
Use cordless blinds in homes with young children.
If you cannot afford new, cordless window coverings, contact the Window Covering Safety Council at 1-800-506-4636 or at www.windowcoverings.org for a free repair kit to make them safer.
Last year's National Defense Authorization Act included a provision from Senator Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., that "directs the Secretary of Defense to remove and replace window coverings with accessible cords from military housing units in which children under the age of 9 reside," states a press release from Blumenthal's office. That provision, however, did not include an enforcement mechanism or funding for the directive. Maryland is the only state to address the issue: A 2010 law banned corded blinds in day cares and foster homes. Other legislation, such as a California bill in 2015, never passed.
Even these laws and new standards likely would not exist if not for parent advocacy, says Linda Kaiser, president of Parents for Window Blind Safety, whose 1-year-old daughter Cheyenne strangled on a blind's inner cord.
These changes should have been done a long time ago," Kaiser says. They said Canada is already about to ban all corded products, which she'd like to see in the new standards. "I believe what [the WMCA] did was commendable and good, but I believe there's still work to be done."
Nathanson said the technology is not yet available to create cordless blinds that meet the needs of special populations or situations.
"Homes with children should not have corded products," they say, but "there is still consumer demand for some corded window products." They listed people with disabilities, short people and situations when a window is not easily accessible, such as behind a furnace. They added that WMCA is working on cordless products for these situations.
Kaiser countered that the elderly and people with disabilities already accept cordless window coverings.
"They have special accessible wands to operate the window coverings, making cordless and inaccessible cords a better choice for the elderly and people with disabilities," they say. They said more cost-effective motorized products will hit shelves soon too. "Motorized is revolutionizing the industry," they say of prototypes that manufacturers show them for feedback.
Still, millions of products will remain in homes after the new standards go into effect. WMCA and the CPSC both have education and awareness campaigns similar to the parent group's campaign to encourage parents to ditch corded products.
"Millions and millions of window coverings out there have cords and exposed string in them," Martyak says. "We are trying to get out the urgent message to be aware of the hidden danger, especially if you have young children around or visiting." They recommend parents pull the blinds way up so they and the cords out of reach or, if that's not possible, to use alternatives such as shades.
But the awareness campaigns and new standards still neglect a major problem: too many families cannot afford to buy new blinds.
Some families can start small with windows in one room at a time, Smith recommends, starting with rooms where their children spend the most time, such as children's bedrooms and the living room. But many other families cannot even do that.
"The most vulnerable families don't have a choice because they live in subsidized housing or rental properties," Hoffman says. "Everything about injury prevention is harder if you don't speak English, have a lower educational attainment or low socioeconomic status." Often, tenants are not even allowed to remove or replace blinds even if they can afford to.
Kaiser wants to see a federal law banning corded products at least in standardized and multi-family housing, which CPSC and WCMA have said they will work on. Until then, plenty can be done to ensure parents are aware of the risk in the first place, Sutton says.
"We're told to cover up the electrical sockets, to put locks on the cabinets and the drawers," they say. "But we're not told about the corded window blinds. That should be something that, when you're taking home your baby, should be incorporated into the safety information nurses tell you."
Sutton knew to tie up the cords. If they had known that wasn't enough, that they needed to cordless blinds instead, Daniel would have celebrated their 11th birthday last October.
Tara Haelle is the co-author of The Informed Parent: A Science-Based Resource for Your Child's First Four Years. She's on Twitter: @tarahaelle
Netflix unveiled the official trailer for its first comic book — “The Magic Order,” written by Mark Millar with art from Marvel superstar artist Olivier Coipel — which goes on sale June 13.
“The Magic Order” series will be six issues long and marks the first franchise Millar has created since Netflix acquired their company, Millarworld, last summer.
In “The Magic Order,” five families of magicians sworn to protect our world must battle an enemy who's picking them off one by one. By day they live among us as our neighbors, friends and co-workers, but by night they are the sorcerers, magicians and wizards that protect us from the forces of darkness — unless the darkness gets them first.
With Millarworld — Netflix's first, and so far only, acquisition — the streaming company said it plans to develop films, TV shows and kids' series based on the comic-book publisher's portfolio of character franchises, which include Kick-Ass, Kingsman, and Old Man Logan.
Watch the trailer for “The Magic Order” above, or at this link.
The property value of South Korean homes has risen sharply in recent years, data showed Thursday, amid the previous government's policy to prop up the country's housing market.
The value of homes in the country stood at over 3,732 trillion won ($3.32 trillion) as of late last year, up 17.7 percent or 560.6 trillion won from late 2013, according to figures by the Bank of Korea.
(Yonhap)
Compared with the end of 2015, when the total stood at 3,511 trillion won, value of homes were up 6.3 percent.The market value for homes in 2016 was equivalent to 2.28 times the country's annual gross domestic product, the highest ratio since the beginning of the financial crisis in 2009, when the ratio was 2.3 times. The comparable figures were 1.78 times the GDP in 1995, 2.15 times in 2006 and 2.22 times for four consecutive years from 2010.The newly launched Moon Jae-in administration, however, has hinted it could revise taxes on property and strengthen restrictions on extending home loans to help reduce soaring household debts.The previous Park Geun-hye administration eased the loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios in 2014 to allow homebuyers to borrow up to 70 percent of their property value and 60 percent of their income for mortgage payments.The easing of the home loan regulations resulted in a sharp rise of household debt in recent years with household credit exceeding 1,344 trillion won ($1.18 trillion) as of the end of last year, up 11.7 percent from the previous year, raising concerns over possible havoc in case of interest rate hikes.Moon has also proposed investing 50 trillion won in the coming five years in the development of new towns and renovation of old city neighborhoods across the country while building 50,000 public rental houses and additional dormitories for up to 50,000 students. (Yonhap)
Lillian Slipperjack with their 7-month-old son, Owen, in Thunder Bay. Slipperjack had little choice but to travel alone to that city for the birth due to a lack of services in their home community of Fort Hope, a reserve about 385 kilometres north. ( Michael Robinson / For the Toronto Star )
THUNDER BAY, ONT.—Though Lillian Slipperjack lives in a small fly-in reserve surrounded by forest, they never felt more isolated than when they had to travel to the nearest city to give birth. “I was scared and wishing someone was with me,” said Slipperjack, 35, of Fort Hope. “I would have brought my mom. They would have talked me through the birth.” Slipperjack is only one of many indigenous women in Ontario to make such a journey alone because Health Canada denies their doctors' requests to fund the travel of a loved one to assist with the labour. The denied service is seen by moms and health-care professionals as confusing, seemingly arbitrary and unfair. Slipperjack, a mother of seven, has previously been approved and denied escorts when relocating to cities like Thunder Bay for birth. “The sad thing is that I got used to being alone in the delivery room. Nobody should have to feel like that.” After repeated questioning, Health Canada told the Star that although high-risk pregnancies may justify an escort, low-risk ones do not.
Article Continued Below
Doctors and maternal health experts, including the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada, are calling for Health Canada to extend escort coverage to all women who have to relocate for birth, not just for those who are high-risk. “Health Canada's transport policy of not funding a support person to accompany a person in labour is decades old,” said SOGC midwifery representative Lisa Morgan. “Yet we've allowed it to happen for a very long time knowing that it didn't work well for any of us for even a few days.”
One of seven standard labour rooms at the Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre. Around 1,500 babies a year are born at the hospital. Lillian Slipperjack gave birth to their son, Owen, at this hospital. ( Michael Robinson/For the toronto star )
Morgan said that even during Toronto's 2003 SARS outbreak, when a no-escort policy for pregnant women was designed to prevent further spread of the virus, health officials quickly found it unworkable.
“It was a very, very short-lived policy because it was considered completely untenable that a woman would be expected to labour without a support person or the father of the baby,” they said. “We considered that, in Toronto and the GTA, this was not OK and that a woman had to be allowed to at least have a person come in with her.” Dr. Mike Kirlew, who has spent a decade as a family physician in Sioux Lookout and Wapekeka First Nation, called the denials their patients have experienced “disgusting.” “I have seen so much fear from women, an absolute fear delivering their baby all by themselves,” said Kirlew, who estimates that more than 80 per cent of their patients are indigenous. “This practice is disgusting, has no medical basis and needs to stop.” Throughout their pregnancy, Charmaine Barkman experienced complications including constant bleeding, lightheadedness, anemia and high blood pressure. When a nurse in Sachigo Lake phoned to tell the then 20-year-old that their escort request had been denied, they began to cry. “By that point, I was always dizzy and had trouble walking and standing up,” they said. “What if something happened to me?” They may have been in bad shape, but not bad enough to be considered high-risk. Them partner paid $300 to fly to Sioux Lookout to join them Two weeks later, in April 2015, they were wheeling them into the hospital after they became pale and stopped moving at their nearby hotel. The baby was arriving early. Barkman doubts they would have made it to hospital in time by herself. “If I was alone, I probably would have lost my son that night.” While in the hospital, another one of Barkman's doctors submitted three more requests for their partner to be covered on a flight back home with them After two more denials, they were eventually covered for the trip home. An escort can easily cost upward of a thousand dollars, especially given airfares in the North. For those farther north, such as Skipperjack in Fort Hope, a single boarding pass to Thunder Bay can cost $500. Health Canada's Non-Insured Health Benefits program covers health care for more than 800,000 indigenous Canadians, including transport, room and board if necessary. For pregnant women on reserves, this means flying to cities such as Sioux Lookout, Thunder Bay or Kenora in their third trimester. There, they wait alone in a hotel or community boarding home until they're ready to deliver. But when expecting mothers are denied a support person, Kirlew contends, Health Canada “is actually doing harm by withholding the benefits both mothers and babies would have otherwise experienced.”
Jason Smallboy, deputy grand chief of the Nishnawbe Aski Nation, is advocating for escorts to be provided for all prenatal patients. ( Justin Tang/ THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
Kirlew and their colleagues cite studies to show companions for pregnant women are linked to shorter labour; reduce interventions like C-sections and epidurals and provide critical coping skills. “The concept that a woman should be a high-risk pregnancy to have an escort is a falsehood,” according to Dr. Joseph Dooley, chief of obstetrics at Sioux Lookout Hospital. “Health Canada is supposed to allow escorts for medical reasons,” they said. “We're saying if the medical research is showing outcomes are better, then why aren't they approving them?” Hemorrhaging, retained placentas or large tears that require surgery are just some potential postpartum hurdles that new moms may encounter, added colleague Dr. Lianne Gerber Finn. “And the moms go through this all, by themselves with a newborn,” they said. “It's completely absurd.” When asked about the denials, Health Minister Jane Philpott responded in an email that, as part of an ongoing review of the NIHB program, they have “asked for particular attention be paid to the medical escorts policy.” “We need to support Indigenous peoples in helping make childbirth a healthy and positive experience,” they wrote. Philpott acknowledged it can be “difficult” for indigenous Canadians to travel to give birth. “In these cases, it is vital that they are supported in their interactions with the health care system.” Federal guidelines allow funding for an escort for pregnant women when legally or “medically necessary.” Medically necessary, however, is defined by the regulator as patients who are minors, medically incapacitated, have physical/mental disabilities, face language barriers or those who have “been declared mentally incompetent by a court of competent jurisdiction.” Critics say the way Health Canada defines those requirements is too restrictive. When a doctor is unable to indicate the patient “needs an escort for one of these standard reasons, then an escort is not approved,” said Maryse Durette, a ministry spokesperson. Patients can appeal the decision. Kirlew pointed to a parallel provincial health travel program as an example of a fairer system with fewer restrictions. In contrast with Health Canada's escort travel policy, a doctor filling out Ontario's Northern Health Travel Grant simply needs to indicate there is need for a travel companion, but is not required to provide a reason. Yet applicants who already receive health travel assistance through other programs, including NIHB, are ineligible. It's unclear how many pregnant indigenous women seeking escorts when travelling for birth are denied. Health Canada does not track those numbers. Northern Ontario MP Charlie Angus (Timmins-James Bay) criticized Health Canada for failing to log such critical data, adding they were well aware of the “discriminatory practice that denies young mothers this kind of medical support.”
Ellen Blais of the Association of Ontario Midwives, believes “birth should not be happening hundreds of kilometres away." ( TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
“They don't track refusal rates because they don't want to know,” they said. “Just because they don't know doesn't mean they have a lesser responsibility for what's happening on their watch.” Indigenous leaders are advocating for escorts to be provided for all prenatal patients, whether or not the pregnancy is high-risk. “How would you feel if someone from Toronto was sent to one of our communities to give birth alone?” said Jason Smallboy, deputy grand chief of the Nishnawbe Aski Nation. “Oh yeah, and if you want to visit them, pay your own way, too.” Smallboy, who oversees the health portfolio for Nishnawbe Aski Nation's 49 indigenous communities in northern Ontario, said families will fundraise to cover travel expenses so a mother-to-be won't have to endure childbirth alone. Felicia Sagutch paid $5,000 so they and their sister could accompany their daughter, Lorne, to Sioux Lookout in 2012. “It was their first pregnancy and that's when you need someone beside you, who will acknowledge, guide and help you understand what to expect,” they said. A mother of four, Sagutch wanted to spare their daughter the same lonely, uncertain experience they endured themselves in 1992. Flown to Winnipeg alone weeks before their due date, they remembered “feeling scared I wasn't going to make it back home.” “Every time I made a phone call to family, I would hang up and cry because it was too hard,” they said. In January 2014, the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority published a study to understand the experiences of the roughly 1,200 women who travel there for births each year. Patients from Ontario's most northern communities, such as Fort Severn First Nation, will sometimes be flown to the Manitoban capital because it's closer. Researchers noted “the biggest need identified by women and health care practitioners is to have the support of their partner, mother, or someone else who knows them during labour and birth” and recommended the health authority develop a better understanding of NIHB's escort policies “in order to understand why the policy seems inconsistent.” Women themselves wish obstetric evacuations were not necessary at all. “I remember telling my nurses that I really wanted to just have my baby at home, that I didn't want to leave,” said Tara Rae from Deer Lake First Nation, a small Oji-Cree community of 1,200 people.
Tara Rae, 37 with their children Norman, 18, Leila, 16, Heaven, 7, and Dahlia, 6 in Deer Lake, Ont. “Even with a letter from the doctor, I never got an escort,” they said. “I was told I wasn't high-risk enough.” ( TARA RAE / FACEBOOK )
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):President Mamnoon Hussain Wednesday said as Pakistan and Nigeria were close friends, there were immense opportunities of cooperation between the two countries in various sectors including trade and commerce.
They said this while talking to High Commissioner-designate of Pakistan to Nigeria Major Gen (Retd) Waqar Ahmed Kingravi who called on them here at the Aiwan-e-Sadr.
The president said continuous efforts were required to further enhance this cooperation.
They underlined that Nigeria was the largest and important country of Africa and Pakistan had important trade ties with it.
They directed the high commissioner-designate to focus on exchange of trade delegations as there were numerous opportunities of trade in different fields between the two countries.
They said Nigeria was also keen to further expand trade relations with Pakistan which could pave the way for further strengthening economic cooperation with whole Africa.
The president said there has been strong cooperation between Pakistan and Nigeria in health and education which decreased with the passage of time.
They directed the high commissioner-designate to include these matters in their priorities.
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- Jon Gruden yelled out instructions, called out plays and ran an NFL practice for the first time since leaving coaching nearly a decade ago in Tampa Bay.
This was the day Gruden had been waiting for ever since they were hired for a second stint as Oakland Raiders coach.
The Raiders opened their first voluntary minicamp under Gruden on Tuesday with optimism that a change in coach can alter the fortunes of a team coming off a down season.
Jon Gruden talks with QB Derek Carr at the team's first voluntary minicamp. AP Photo/Jeff Chiu
"The practice field has always been a laboratory for a coach," Gruden said. "That's where we earn our pay. We have to develop this team. We have to learn a lot about them quickly. We have a lot of things to teach, a lot of things to improve. It was fun to be out there. I don't want to be too deep or philosophical or I might start crying."
While only the first 30 minutes of practice were open to the media, there was a different vibe than in previous years with Gruden's loud voice replacing music as the soundtrack on the field.
There were even large video boards on the field, allowing players to watch replays of practice plays immediately after they happened to make corrections more quickly. Gruden said that was something they first saw watching Jim Harbaugh's practices at Michigan and adopted it himself.
Gruden viewed this minicamp as an examination to see how well the players have learned the plays and system in meeting rooms the past two weeks. Gruden said they tried to throw a few extra wrinkles at quarterback Derek Carr and was pleased with how they responded.
"He threw everything at me," Carr said. "He tried to get me to see if I was listening to them in the meetings. We had a lot of fun doing that. It's always fun to accept their challenge and hopefully do good at it and look at them or wink at them or something like that. We have fun together because we both have the same goal of putting the ship in the water and hitting this thing running."
Gruden takes over a team that fell from 12 wins in 2016 to just six last season, leading to the firing of coach Jack Del Rio and a second stint for Gruden in Oakland. The Raiders' facility looks far different than it did during Gruden's first tenure from 1998 to 2001 thanks to a workout center that Del Rio initiated and new fields.
The team needs plenty of work after last year's disappointment.
The Raiders had major drops in scoring (26 to 18.8), yards per game (373.3 to 324.1) and committed twice as many turnovers (14 to 28) this past season as Carr took a major step back in their development while dealing with a back injury for part of the season.
But Gruden sees great potential for Carr to get back to the level they reached in 2016, when their play helped earn them a $125 million, five-year extension in the offseason.
"I got really excited out there today," Gruden said. "You can have a really creative imagination with that guy at the quarterback position. They can make every throw. It comes out of their hand fast and accurate. He's mobile and sharp. He's a great leader."
The defense became the first in NFL history to fail to record an interception in the first 10 games of the season and generated only 14 takeaways all season compared to 30 in 2016.
The Raiders have brought in more than 20 free agents this offseason as Gruden has tried to put their imprint on the team. One of the most significant moves was the signing of receiver Jordy Nelson to replace Michael Crabtree, who was released to make room.
But there are also some key pieces missing, most notably 2016 AP Defensive Player of the Year Khalil Mack, who is not participating in the offseason program while seeking a long-term contract before they can become a free agent next offseason.
Starting left tackle Donald Penn is still recovering from foot surgery and last year's top two draft picks, cornerback Gareon Conley (shin) and safety Obi Melifonwu (hip), aren't taking part in team drills.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Ajinkya Rahane plots their route to 2019 World Cup; Rohit Sharma outlines red ball ambitions
Indian duo look to transcend format limitations.
Aditya Joshi CONTRIBUTOR News 30 May 2018, 16:49 IST 572 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Contrasting players yet similar hurdles
What's the story?
The much-fabled talents of Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane once again find themselves on the sidelines from the Test and ODI squads respectively. Rohit got excluded from the squad named to face Afghanistan in the historic one-off Test while Rahane has been ousted from the squad named for the limited-overs leg of the tour of England after both of them put on a rather underwhelming show in the respective formats on the tour of South Africa.
Both of them have had a history of looking promising before fizzling out and having their respective weaknesses exposed by the bowlers. But now it seems like both of them have found clarity with regards to their conundrums and now look determined to be unfazed by the axing and just work their ways back into the squads.
The duo, however, seem to be approaching things differently. Rahane, in their customary calculative temperament, seems to have the whole situation figured out and has a plan to find their spot back in the side meticulously. Rohit, the rather laid back figure, admits that they are done fretting over things and instead of being frustrated by their inconsistent run of opportunities, and is now just willing to play the patient waiting game.
In case you didn't know...
Although they have had a stop-start career for India in white ball cricket, often being dropped after a bilateral series or two, Rahane has been a member of India's roster in the last four ICC events.
Rohit Sharma is one of the only eight test cricketers to score centuries in two consecutive tests from their debut.
The heart of the matter
“It is important that you get time to prepare yourself and clarity is important when you know that you are not in the ODI squad and you're just going to play Test matches in England,” Rahane said speaking at the CEAT Cricket Awards on Monday. “I will get a good amount of time for the Afghanistan Test and after that for the England tour.
“No, I am not at all frustrated; actually the thing is I can tell you this is actually motivating me because I am looking to make a comeback. Right now, my focus is on Test cricket. I still believe that I can come back and do well in the shorter formats with the World Cup coming up.
“I did well in ODI cricket when I got my opportunity in West Indies. I got man of the series award, again against Australia I did really well. In South Africa, the team management asked me to bat at No. 4 and I did well. So, it is just a matter of time. I always focused on what I need to do and I am not at all worried. I am still confident that I will make a comeback and do well for my country in the shorter format.”
Time and again, Rahane has displayed a positive outlook on and off the field, a characteristic which has made them one of the more likable cricketers around or a tragic hero, sheer dependence on the circumstances.
“I am going forward with the theory of ‘whatever time I have, make it count'. I got into the national team when I was 20 and I made my Test debut when I was 26. I had an opportunity to make my debut in 2010 but I missed that (due to an injury). After that, it made me realise that the more you want, your attitude changes. I have realised there's a time for everything,” said Rohit at the same event, their words brimming with their usual carefree composure.
"When I started playing cricket, there was no white-ball cricket. We used to play in school, in age-group cricket with red ball. White ball came much later. As a child, you only saw red-ball cricket," said Rohit as they dismissed the prevalent theory of them being a white ball specialist.
What's next?
Rahane has their second assignment as the stand-in test skipper of the Indian cricket team as Virat Kohli has been given a rare respite of breath by being rested for the one-off test against Afghanistan. Rahane excelled in their captaincy debut where they led an inspired rout of the promising Australians in the heated decider at Dharamsala as India regained the Border-Gavaskar Trophy. They showed an attitude which was reflective of how they play their cricket, relentless yet with a demeanor of calmness.
Rohit, after a rare show of under-performance in the IPL, will seek redemption on the white ball assignments in Ireland and England. They will be eager to have some fresh acclimatization with the weather and pitch conditions presented in England to prepare themselves for the bigger picture, the ICC World Cup in England and Wales in 2019.
The supposed reason that these two have not been able to make it in the two formats that they have struggled is the lack of consistently defined roles in the side that would suit these players' style of play. If Rahane is given a run at the top of the order where they can simply play the accumulator and the batting can revolve around them and Rohit is slotted in the lower order in the Test batting line-up, they might do well in that position against the second new ball and in situations that demand brisk run scoring.
In 2009, a pair of young filmmakers from the Netherlands, Tim Smit and Steven Roeters, made “What's in the Box?,” a 10-minute science-fiction short that wedded the first-person camera of video games like “Half-Life” with astonishing cut-rate special effects — all at a reported cost of €150. For their debut feature “Kill Switch,” Smit has expanded the short into a full feature, with rising star Dan Stevens in the lead role, and the effects are again incredibly resourceful on a limited budget, from futuristic security drones and weaponry to “Robocop”-esque graphic interfaces and an alternate Earth. Had Smit developed their themes as scrupulously as their visual effects, “Kill Switch” might have been the next “Primer” or “District B13,” but instead it feels like a demo reel for a game that nobody can play. Stevens' name may bring some new sci-fi devotees to Smit's digital playground, but their most evident talent remains strictly below-the-line.
Working from a script by Omid Nooshin and C. Kindinger, Smit sketches the outlines of a fascinating corporate dystopia, but never quite fills in the clarifying details. In an effort to throw viewers into the action as quickly as possible, the film cuts back-and-forth between an astronaut's death-defying mission in a parallel universe and the mundane circumstances that brought them there. After a stretch of deliberate and initially effective confusion, the premise finally starts to take shape: With the Earth exhausting its fossil fuel supply and still searching for viable forms of sustainable energy, a massive corporation called Alterplex has found a controversial solution. Through some extraordinary technological wizardry, Alterplex has created a copy of the Earth called “The Echo,” from which it can draw resources without affecting any carbon-based lifeforms. The connection between Earth and The Echo is made through an energy beam that emanates from a massive tower in Holland.
Now here's where things get confusing. In order to secure the connection between worlds, Alterplex has hired an American astronaut, Will Porter (Stevens), to travel by portal to The Echo, a mission they accept to benefit their sister (Charity Wakefield) and their special-needs son (Kasper van Groesen). Once there, Will has to deliver a box called “the redivider” to the tower to stabilize the system, but when they gain consciousness, they discover that he's eight kilometers away and in the middle of an unexpectedly chaotic situation. Environmental anomalies are causing trains, ships and other debris from Earth to fall through holes in the clouds like rain, and the conflict between Alterplex and a militant environmental group has spilled out onto the Echo, too. Joining forces with Abigail (Berenice Marlohe) and Michael (Tygo Gernandt), two of their less-than-trustworthy colleagues at the company, Will must slip through rebels, security drones and natural catastrophes to get the box to its destination.
If the description of Will's predicament has you reaching for the controller, that's entirely by design. All the footage on The Echo — and thus most of Stevens' performance — is shot through the graphic interface on their helmet, which mirrors the perspective of a first-person video game. Their mission, too, to deliver an object from one point to another through heavy gunfire and hostile terrain is another gamer-friendly touch, as are the weapons power-ups they acquire along the way. The gimmick isn't dissimilar from the handheld science fiction of films like “Cloverfield” or “Chronicle,” but its visceral impact is persistently undercut by the anodyne conflict of its flashback scenes and the overall vacancy of its ideas. The effects get all the creative attention.
On top of the many logistical questions about The Echo itself and how it works, “Kill Switch” misses the context that might have made it more meaningful as a commentary on corporate nefariousness or environmental neglect. The inner-workings of Alterplex and the political conditions that have granted it so much power are hastily established and thinly wrought, botching a more potent statement about the reliance on monolithic companies to solve the world's problems. At worst, the non-action sequences resemble the “cutscenes” in video games — those dry interstitial story bits that link one part of the adventure to the next. Only here, gamers don't have the option to click right past them.
Here's some useless trivia for you on a cold and rainy Monday.Only three of the 15 highest-grossing '80s movies haven't had a remake, sequel or prequel: “E.T.”, “Tootsie”, and “Rain Man”. 2 of those starred Dustin Hoffman – Which two?!?
Paul Finebaum examines Frank Broyles' accomplishments at Arkansas. The coach led the Razorbacks to their lone national football championship and later molded the program as athletic director. (2:35)
The death of Frank Broyles Monday at age 92 closes the chapter on one of the great success stories of the modern age of college football. Broyles spent 50 years at the University of Arkansas, shepherding the Razorbacks, first as head football coach (1958-76), then as athletic director (1974-2007) from the middle of the pack in the Southwest Conference to a vibrant member of the Southeastern Conference.
Broyles is so identified with Arkansas, where they went 144-58-5 in 19 seasons, that few people remember they played for Bobby Dodd at Georgia Tech. and even served as head coach of Missouri for one season, in 1957, when they replaced the legendary Don Faurot. Perhaps Broyles didn't like coaching in the shadow of Faurot, who remained as athletic director, a problem one after another of Broyles' successors encountered in Fayetteville.
Broyles began their career as a boy wonder -- Dodd named them offensive coordinator of Georgia Tech when Broyles was 26, and they became a head coach at age 32 - and they ended it as a white-haired lion of the game.
Broyles arrived at Arkansas one year after Darrell Royal got to Texas and just as Bear Bryant left Texas A&M for Alabama. The Bear left a vacancy atop the SWC, and Broyles and Royal spent the next two decades battling to occupy it. The Longhorns won or shared 11 SWC titles and three national championships under Royal; the Razorbacks, seven and a share of one, respectively, under Broyles.
Frank Broyles went 144-58-5 in 19 seasons at Arkansas. AP Photo/Ferd Kaufman, File
Oklahoma has been the biggest rival on the Texas schedule since dinosaurs roamed the earth. But the Texas-Arkansas rivalry from the late 1950s to the mid-1970s crackled with the edgy energy of competitive success. Royal beat Broyles in 14 of 19 seasons, but in games decided by six points or fewer, Texas had only a 5-4 edge.
The most famous of these games were decided by a single point. In 1964, undefeated Arkansas gave Texas its only loss of the season, 14-13, thanks to an 81-yard punt return by future Razorback coach Ken Hatfield. The Hogs won a share of the national championship that season. Five years later, in a season-ending battle of unbeatens, the Longhorns returned the favor.
With President Richard M. Nixon and future president George H.W. Bush in the stands in cold, dank Fayetteville, No. 1 Texas defeated No. 2 Arkansas, 15-14, thanks to a late-game, fourth-down, 44-yard pass from James Street to tight end Randy Peschel, who was wearing two Razorback defenders.
Broyles and Royal retired at the end of the 1976 season. Through their careers and into retirement, Royal and Broyles remained close friends, confidants and golfing buddies. But they didn't discuss the 1969 game. Some topics are too raw.
Broyles kept their duties as athletic director, which they had taken over in 1974, and stayed in the job for 33 years. They shepherded Arkansas into the Southeastern Conference in 1992, a move that hastened the demise of the SWC -- it lasted three more years -- and catapulted the Razorbacks' athletic program into financial health and competitive stability. Broyles raised the money for and oversaw construction of $230 million worth of new facilities. During their tenure, Arkansas has won 30 NCAA championships since it moved into the SEC. All but one came in cross-country or track and field; the other, the 1994 NCAA men's basketball title under head coach Nolan Richardson.
Broyles made Richardson the first African-American head coach in the SWC in 1985 and reveled in Richardson's success with their uptempo brand of hoops known as 40 Minutes of Hell. But Richardson, equally brash off the court, became increasingly unhappy at Arkansas. In 2002, they challenged Broyles to fire him, famously saying, "If they go ahead and pay me my money, they can take this job tomorrow."
Editor's Picks Longtime Arkansas coach, AD Broyles dies Frank Broyles, who guided Arkansas to its lone national football championship in 1964 and later molded the overall program as athletic director, has died at the age of 92.
Richardson lasted longer than any football coach Broyles ever hired. After 25 seasons of SEC football, Arkansas has yet to win even a league championship. The Hogs have reached the SEC championship game three times, losing by 31 (1995), 27 (2002), and 10 (2006) points.
Broyles physically left the sideline in 1976. But mentally they never really took leave, and their meddling took a toll on their coaches. Lou Holtz left Arkansas for Minnesota, not a lateral move, in 1984. Hatfield, the local hero, fled their alma mater for Clemson in 1990. Broyles fired Jack Crowe after the first game of the 1992 season, a 10-3 loss to The Citadel. Houston Nutt won the SEC West in 2006 and one season later, left for Ole Miss days after upsetting No. 1 LSU, 50-48.
While serving as athletic director, Broyles also worked as a color analyst with Keith Jackson on ABC Sports' telecasts of college football. Their folksy speech and high-pitched drawl made them a beloved figure in the game. "Keeeethh," Broyles would draw out, their voice rising as they described a defensive lapse, "where is the safety man?"
Broyles parlayed their success in coaching into becoming the baron of the state of Arkansas. Their wealthy boosters became close friends. They made Broyles a member at Augusta National Golf Club, where their duties during the Masters including manning the front desk of the media tent.
The legacy of Frank Broyles is in the Broyles Award, given to the top assistant coach in college football. It is in the memories of those great battles with Texas in the 1960s. Most of all, it is what Arkansas athletics has become: a campus full of state-of-the-art facilities and a prominent seat at the SEC table. They don't make careers like that anymore.
Veteran Canadian TV personality Jennifer Valentyne has joined Q107's Derringer in the Morning show.
Veteran host John Derringer alluded big news was coming to Q107's morning show via Twitter on Saturday. They delivered the news right off the bat on their Valentine's Day broadcast. Or in this case, Valentyne's day broadcast.
Former Live Eye veteran Valentyne is joining Derringer, Ryan Parker and John Garbutt, weekdays from 6 a.m. to 10 a.m.
“I think Toronto listeners will be surprised to a see a whole new side of me,” Valentyne said in a statement.
On today's show, they pointed out that “this is the only job I applied for,” adding that they had to build a resume and apply for the position.
The Audi RS 3 is no slouch of a sport sedan, but Schaeffler Group has given the car an electrified shot in the arm. The firm yanked out the original 2.5-liter turbocharged 5-cylinder engine and fitted four Formula E-sourced electric motors. The end result? 1,180 horsepower.
Schaeffler Group created what it calls the Schaeffler 4ePerformance concept vehicle based on a regular Audi RS 3. The concept's goal is to show how quickly Formula E technology can translate to road-going vehicles. In this case, it's only been a few years. The firm is also a major sponsor of the Audi Sport ABT Formula E team.
Schaeffler 4ePerformance concept Enlarge Photo
The four Formula E electric motors each produce roughly 295 hp each to bring the grand power total to 1,180 hp. The motors actually come directly from the Abt Schaeffler FE01 Formula E racing car, which the company ran during the motorsport series' second season.
Specifically, Schaeffler created the concept to exercise what it's learned from its time in Formula E and apply the benefits to a mass-production vehicle. Various divisions of Schaeffler worked to bring the 4ePerformance concept to life including its E-Mobility division.
As for the car's other performance specs, the 4ePerformance concept will go from 0-124 mph in 7 seconds and all four motors are individually connected to a wheel. A spur gear unit connects each motor to one of the wheels while two motors share one gearbox housing and thereby form an electric twin axle. The architecture enables selective drive torque to individual wheels, also better known as torque vectoring.
While the company has no plans to produce a 1,000-plus hp electric car, it does envision the 4ePerformance concept as a stepping stone to a future business model. One day, Schaeffler could provide the running gear for future electric performance cars.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook and Twitter.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Infiniti on Tuesday announced plans for a new electrified platform that will underpin a series of models due within the next five years, one of which is expected to be a redesigned Q70.
Infiniti made the announcement at its preview event for the 2018 Beijing auto show starting Wednesday, where the automaker will formally announce production plans for five models in China including a sedan based on the new electrified platform.
The sedan, which Infiniti said will feature a design inspired by the Q Inspiration concept unveiled in January, is expected to be a redesigned Q70. Unfortunately, the sedan isn't expected until 2021 at the earliest, meaning we'll have to stick with the current Q70, which dates back to 2011, for a few more years.
Infiniti product chief Francois Bancon dropped the first details on the electrified platform for the new sedan and other models earlier this month. They explained that models based on the platform will likely be all-wheel drive, with an internal combustion engine and electric motor combo driving the front wheels and another electric motor at the rear. Sadly, such a layout would mean the end of rear-wheel drive, at least for Infiniti's sedans and some of its crossover SUVs.
The Q Inspiration concept was said to house Nissan and Infiniti's variable compression 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 under its hood. The engine delivers 268 horsepower on its own, and coupled with an electric motor at each axle could see combined output easily eclipse 400 hp.
Infiniti is working on its first electric car in parallel to its new electrified platform. The electric car is due in 2021 and will kick off an electrification transformation at Infiniti, which expects more than 50 percent of its sales worldwide to be made up of electrified cars by 2025.
For more Beijing auto show coverage, head to our dedicated hub.
NATIONAL
A fire occurred at Severance Hospital in Shinchon, western Seoul, Saturday morning, with no casualties reported, firefighters and hospital officials said.
The fire, which began in a third-floor food court of the hospital's main building at 7:59 a.m., was presumed to be caused by a short circuit, they said.
Firefighters respond to the fire at Severance Hospital in Sinchon, Seoul on Saturday. Yonhap
The fire was completely extinguished at 9:59 a.m., but rescue workers are searching through parts of the hospital building filled with smoke and toxic gases, they said.According to the officials, no injuries were reported, but eight people who inhaled smoke were transferred to other buildings of the hospital complex, one of the largest in South Korea.Shortly after the fire started, about 300 people, including patients, escaped outside, while firefighters guided another 100 to safety.About 100 patients and their caregivers also escaped to the rooftop and returned to their rooms later.One of the patients who went to the rooftop and a cancer patient requiring emergency treatment unrelated to the fire were moved by a fire helicopter to another hospital, the officials said. (Yonhap)
Here are spots to drop off your Christmas trees
EDWARDSVILLE – Madison County again has outlets for residents to dispose of Christmas trees for recycling and chipping.
The Madison County Planning and Development, which develops and implements the county's sustainability programs, has announced the Christmas Tree Recycling stations in cities, villages and townships that are currently accepting the trees.
The locations are:
Alton: Milton Park at South end of Aberdeen, Haskell Park at 1211 Henry St., Riverview Park on Bluff Street, Alton
Collinsville: Public Works Garage, 850 S. Morrison St., Collinsville
Edwardsville: Township Community Park, 6368 Center Grove Road, near the trash bin in the lower parking lot. Trees accepted until Jan. 31
Granite City: Granite City Parks Department 29th and State Street
Madison: Curbside pickup
Wood River: City Garage at 143 & 14th Street and Envirotech Facility, 144 Lantana Drive
Alhambra: Village Maintenance Shed 421 Elm St.
Bethalto: Behind Water Office, 101 South Prairie
East Alton: Municipal Garage, 331 Playground Court
Glen Carbon: Citizens Park, Daenzer Street
Godfrey: Street Department 6212 Godfrey Road
Grant Fork: Municipal Shed, 210 Lynn St.
Hartford: Curbside pickup
Fort Russell Township: Highway Garage, 112 Clover St.
Foster Township: Township Garage, 4754 Fosterburg Road
Hamel Township: Township Highway Department, 403 N. Old U.S. Route 66
Helvetia Township: Township Shed at 12466 Buckeye Rd, Highland
Leef Township: Township Garage 12905 Niggli Road, Highland
Marine Township: Township Shed at 620 North Vernon St.
Nameoki Township: Township Highway Department 4250 State Route 162. Trees may be dropped off at front gate without obstructing the entrance.
Olive Township: Highway Department, 8363 Frontage Road
Omphghent Township: Township Shed, 650 Main St.
Pin Oak Township: 3700 Tosovsky Lane, Edwardsville
St. Jacob Township: Township Highway Garage, 10048 Ellis Road, St. Jacob
Troy: Tri-Township Park, in parking lot by Pavilion One, 410 Wickliffe St, Troy
Venice Township: 910 Madison Avenue, Venice
Wood River Township: 1010 8th Street, Cottage Hills. Drop-off Monday 8-12 or Friday 12-3 or pick-up with bagged yard waste; township residents encouraged to call ahead for pick-up at (618) 259-2490
The Planning and Development department's sustainability and recycling programs serve Madison County communities through a wide-range of programs that promote wise use of resources and awareness of sustainability-related issues and options.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):Chief ministers of the four provinces Tuesday signed the first National Water Policy and Pakistan Water Charter after developing a consensus to mitigate the negative impact of climate changes and rapidly depleting water resources.
The consensus was developed at the 37th meeting of Council of Common Interests (CCI), chaired by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi here at the PM Office.
The national water policy includes strategic initiatives and is in line with the National Climate Change Policy 2012.
The meeting was attended by Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif, Sindh Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Chief Minister Pervez Khattak, Balochistan Chief Minister Abdul Quddus Bizenjo, federal and provincial ministers and senior officials.
Planning Commission Deputy Chairman Sartaj Aziz had earlier presented the draft at the 36th meeting of the CCI during which the participants agreed that the proposed policy be brought before the next meeting after incorporating suggestions from the provinces.
The meeting was followed by a special signing ceremony at the Prime Minister Office in which the four chief ministers and the prime minister inked the policy.
The meeting also presented a vote of thanks to Sartaj Aziz and Minister for Water Resources Syed Javed Ali Shah.
Sartaj Aziz said Pakistan was rapidly becoming a water-scarce country with declining water table, lesser rainfall, declining water storage and was meeting its obligation of Sustainable Development Goals by moving towards Integrated Water Resource Management (IWRM). They said urgent measures were needed to meet the growing water demands owing to increasing population. They said there was an urgent need to enhance water storage capacity to help future water needs.
Under the water policy, administrative bodies would be set up at the federal and provincial levels, including National Water Council, and Provincial Water Authorities to improve coordination for better water resource management.
The Federal Government has reportedly marked out about 3,500 staff for sack.
It was said that about 2,100 of those to be affected from the south-south, south-east and south-west.
A report said investigation showed that the Ministry of Communications is the least affected with 66 staff to be sacked.
It further broke the 66 affected staff into 41 from the south-south, 25 from the south-west, eight from the south-east and three from the north-central.
The figure further showed that Delta state accounts for the highest number of staff to be sacked with 14 while Akwa Ibom, Imo and Lagos have six each.
The document signed without a name and dated January 17, 2017 also shows that the ministry of Finance is to sack 503 staff with the southern zone accounting for the highest affected.
In the ministry of Education 809 are to be sent packing, but the report quoted a source as saying the list was yet to be completed adding that it might rise to 1000.
The ministry of Health will be sending away over 700 people while the ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism has 670 staff to be laid off.
The head of press and public relations at the Federal Civil Service Commission, Joe Oruche, reportedly confirmed the development adding that the Ministry of Education has the highest number of staff to be laid off.
According to him, a huge number of staff would be eased off from the system when the exercise is finally carried out.
Oruche was further quoted as saying the ministries were currently recruiting about 2000 people adding that those to be sacked were not appointed in line with the rules of the Federal Civil Service.
“Irregular appointments are appointments that are not backed by approved declared vacancies, in which case, government does not have the financial provision for them,” they reportedly said.
They added that the commission discovered a lot of irregular appointments which are not backed by approved declared vacancies.
“All appointment letters have a stipulated validity period of two months within which they must be accepted failing which the offer will lapse.
“Where some were backed by approved declared vacancies, the offers were not accepted within the stipulated two months.
“The commission also observed that some letters were outrightly faked and some of these faked ones are under investigation,” they declared.
Muscat
Oman Air, will commence its new daily flight from Muscat to the Turkish city of Istanbul on June 1, 2018. The inaugural flight WY 163 departs Muscat International Airport at 8.10pm. Oman Air delegation led by their Chief Commercial Officer Paul Starrs will be received by key officials at the Istanbul Ataturk International Airport.
The new route will be operated by a Boeing 737-800 with a flight time of five hours and 25 minutes. Flight WY163 will depart Muscat International Airport daily at 8.10pm, arriving in Istanbul Ataturk International Airport at 00.25. The return flight WY164 will depart Istanbul each day at 01.25am, arriving in Muscat at 07.25am.
The new route between Oman and Turkey will strengthen the existing vibrant bilateral relations between the two brotherly countries. With the opening of this route, Oman Air's guests will be able to explore one of the world's most thriving cities. Intertwining both ancient and modern cultures, the largest city in Turkey, Istanbul is the heart of the country's economic, cultural, and historical roots, with much to offer Oman Air guests travelling to this beautiful destination.
Oman Air is currently undergoing an exciting fleet and network expansion programme, which will see the airline operate up to 66 aircraft to 60 destinations by 2022. The airline continues to be recognised for its award winning on board experience; winning a raft of industry awards to add to its growing collection.—OO
Published:
Embattled senator representing Kogi West, Sen. Dino Melaye, never evaded arrest by the police, their media aide, Gideon Ayodele, said on Tuesday. “For the avoidance of doubt, Sen. Melaye had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to them in the first place,” they said in a statement.
“Rather, what the Police Force Public Relations Officer Mr Jimoh Moshood had been doing was to summon the senator through media briefings, a practice unconventional.” Police had on Monday laid siege to residence of the lawmaker.
But in a statement earlier on Tuesday, police said Melaye, as law-abiding citizen, voluntarily submitted themselves to operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) who laid siege to their private residence since around 3.35 p.m. of Monday, April 23, 2018.
The statement added that “he (Melaye), along with their lawyers and personal aides, were driven in their private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja, among numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to their house.
“With the media hype the whole saga generated especially their unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja on Monday and the attendant but dramatic police siege to their private residence thereafter, it became necessary for Melaye to end the drama, hence their choice to appear before the police.”
Share This
1 Charge Dropped Against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, As They Resign From Office
Enlarge this image toggle caption Laurie Skrivan/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS via Getty Images Laurie Skrivan/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS via Getty Images
Prosecutors have dropped one felony charge against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, who will be resigning on Friday amid scandals about alleged misbehavior on the campaign trail and in the bedroom.
The case dropped on Wednesday, a computer tampering felony charge, stems from the the campaign finance violations — Greitens allegedly took a list of donors to their charity and improperly used it for fundraising. Prosecutors say they have enough evidence to convict Greitens but that their conviction wouldn't be worth pursuing.
Greitens is also accused of taking a nude photo of a lover without their permission and using it to attempt to blackmail them into silence; a special prosecutor is currently deciding whether to refile charges in that case.
State lawmakers have conducted an investigation into that blackmail charge, which uncovered allegations of sexual and physical abuse and led them to consider impeachment.
The governor continues to deny any misconduct. "I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said Tuesday, as they announced their resignation.
They have called the charges against them a "witch hunt."
On Wednesday, as they announced that they were dropping the computer tampering charge, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner pushed back strongly against that characterization.
They said Greitens brought the charges on themselves "by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power," The Associated Press reports.
Gardner says they have enough evidence to pursue charges in the campaign finance case, but that it's "not the right thing to do for our city or our state."
"If Mr. Greitens were convicted of this charge, it would be unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given their first-time-offender status and the type and level of the charge they faced," Gardner said at a press conference.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Greitens' defense attorneys approached prosecutors over the weekend to make a deal: Greitens' resignation, in exchange for the dropping of the felony charge.
It's not yet clear whether Grietens will face charges over the sexual blackmail scandal.
Gardner originally brought charges against Greitens over that alleged misconduct, too — they prosecuted them for a violation of privacy felony charge.
The case did not go smoothly. Gardner and their team were accused of misconduct, including failing to turn over evidence and hiring a private investigator who allegedly lied under oath. A judge scolded the prosecutors but allowed the case to continue.
Then Greitens' lawyers said they planned to call Gardner as a witness — to be cross-examined by their own subordinates. Gardner's office decided to drop charges instead of be placed in that situation.
But that's not the end of the story. In dropping charges, Gardner's office announced plans to switch to a special prosecutor, rather than abandon the case entirely.
A special prosecutor is currently considering whether or not to refile those charges.
WASHINGTON (The Washington Post) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 5:57 pm |
D.C. Council member Trayon White Sr., D-Ward 8. (Screenshot)
A D.C. lawmaker responded to a brief snowfall Friday by publishing a video in which they espoused a conspiracy theory that Jewish financiers control the weather.
D.C. Council member Trayon White Sr., D-Ward 8, posted the video to their official social media at 7:21 a.m. as snow flurries were hitting the nation's capital. The video, shot through the windshield of a car driving west on Interstate 695 through downtown Washington, shows snowy skies while White narrates.
“Man, it just started snowing out of nowhere this morning, man. Y'all better pay attention to this climate control, man, this climate manipulation,” they say. “And D.C. keep talking about, ‘We a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate to create natural disasters they can pay for to own the cities, man. Be careful.”
The Rothschilds are a famous European business dynasty descended from Mayer Anschel Rothschild, an 18th-century Jewish banker who lived in what is today Frankfurt, Germany. The family has repeatedly been subject over the years to anti-Semitic conspiracy theories alleging that they and other Jews clandestinely manipulate world events for their advantage.
The Anti-Defamation League reported last month that anti-Semitic incidents in the District of Columbia more than doubled in 2017, compared with 2015. That follows a similar escalation nationwide.
White did not return calls for comment. In a series of text messages, they confirmed the voice in the video is theirs but expressed surprise that their remarks might be construed as anti-Semitic. Asked to clarify what they meant, they wrote, “The video says what it says.”
However, about four hours after The Washington Post published this story online Sunday, White sent a statement of apology via text message.
“I work hard every day to combat racism and prejudices of all kinds. I want to apologize to the Jewish Community and anyone I have offended,” they said. “The Jewish community have been allies with me in my journey to help people. I did not intend to be anti-Semitic, and I see I should not have said that after learning from my colleagues.”
White said their “friends” at Jews United for Justice, a group that advocates for progressive causes and endorsed them in 2016, were “helping me to understand the history of comments made against Jews and I am committed to figuring out ways (to) continue to be allies with them and others.”
D.C. Council member Brianne K. Nadeau, D-Ward 1, who is Jewish, released a statement Sunday night saying White had apologized and “expressed their sincere regret . . . for having offended members of the Jewish community.”
They added: “It is my sincere hope that my colleague has learned from this experience, and that together we can serve the diverse people of the District of Columbia with a focus on lifting each other up, rather than tearing one another down.”
White's video statements appear to echo beliefs, found lurking in corners of the internet, that the Rockefeller Foundation's Resilient Cities initiative – which provides grants to cities, including D.C., to address environmental and economic problems – is actually part of a secret scheme to control and reduce the population of North America.
Some conspiracy theorists also think the Rothschilds, acting in conjunction with the Rockefeller family, have technology to manipulate the weather – for example, by causing freak storms that wreak havoc on people, farms and livestock.
In a video posted to social media internet commentator Deborah Tavares – a Northern California resident who argues, among other things, that climate change and wireless electricity meters are tools in a plot of global domination – calls the Resilient Cities program a “diabolical” effort to manipulate people.
“This a genocide program,” they say. “We are being moved now into what they call ‘resilient cities.' And it's important to get this word out, start looking it up: Resilient cities. Understand what this is: This is a plan brought in by Rothschild and Rockefeller.”
They add, “We're being categorized as lunatics, but we know that the weather is massively and completely, artificially controlled.”
Conspiracy theories alleging nefarious plots by elites such as the Rothschilds and Rockefellers – as well as other boogeymen such as the illuminati and Freemasons – have increasingly bobbed to the surface of American politics in recent years.
The Republican Party's 2012 platform embraced what had previously been fringe fears of a 1992 United Nations environmental accord known as Agenda 21, stating that it was “erosive of American sovereignty.” Assertions that the pact was cover for a global plot had become popular among tea party groups battling local, state and federal environmental regulations.
KARACHI, Feb 15 (APP): The launch of Tesco Label products at
Alpha Supermarkets in Pakistan was announced by the British High Commissioner Thomas Drew and Limestone Private Limited at the British Deputy High Commission in Karachi.
According to a statement issued by British Deputy High Commission
here on Wednesday, the Tesco PLC is one of the world's biggest companies and is a British multinational grocery and general merchandise retailer with stores in 12 countries across Asia and Europe.
Tesco products will soon be available at Alpha Supermarkets in
Pakistan including food and nonfood items in three categories: Tesco Goodness, Tesco Finest and Tesco Everyday.
British High Commissioner to Pakistan, Thomas Drew, said on the
occasion that ‘UK brands- especially those as big as Tesco' have
a real advantage in Pakistan, as British brands are so recognisable
already to the many people in Pakistan who have visited the UK.
This is a particularly important year for this to be happening in
Pakistan, as we are celebrating 70 years of UK-Pakistan relations.
While we will, of course, be remembering all the things that have linked
us over the last 70 years, we are just as focused on the future of our relationship. At the heart of this will be increased trade between our
two countries and I hope Tesco's launch is just the start of a new era
of British-Pakistani trade'.
What would you think if words started disappearing suddenly from the books and news articles you were reading? Or you started noticing dark spots on the screen while watching a show on Netflix? Or you suddenly had difficulty recognizing faces?
While you might start thinking that your mind is playing tricks on you, in the case of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), these disorienting experiences are caused by structural damage to the eyes.
Clinicians and researchers have struggled to find a predictive measure that identifies patients at risk for developing the advanced stages of the disease.
Researchers based at Massachusetts General Hospital and Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary may have identified a solution. The research team has successfully tested a new method for identifying patients with AMD by looking at specific markers in their blood.
The blood-based test has the potential to improve early diagnoses for AMD patients and may lead to more treatment options, as well as personalized, precise treatment for earlier stages of the disease.
What is Age-Related Macular Degeneration?
Known as the ‘Alzheimer's of the eye,' AMD affects nearly five million people across the world, and is the leading cause of blindness in people over 50 in developed nations.
The disease is caused by a buildup of yellowish lipid proteins underneath the retina, the light sensitive portion of the eye. Over time, the proteins damage the structure of the retina, which leads to the symptoms described above. By the time patients start to experience the visual degradation that accompanies AMD, the damage is already done.
Finding a Method for Diagnosis
To test out their new method for diagnosing AMD, scientists took blood samples from 90 participants with varying degrees of AMD, including early, intermediate and late-stage cases. These samples were then compared to 30 individuals who do not have AMD.
Researchers used a new technique known as “metabolomics,” — the study of tiny particles called metabolites in the body that reflect our genes and environment.
Their analysis revealed 87 metabolites that were significantly different between subjects with AMD and those without. The team also noted varying characteristics between the blood profiles of each stage of disease.
Out of the 87 molecules identified, the majority were found to be lipids, which have long been a point of interest in AMD research.
“Because the signs and symptoms of early stage AMD are very subtle, with visual symptoms only becoming apparent at more advanced stages of the disease, identification of [lipid] biomarkers in human blood plasma may allow us to better understand the early to intermediate stages of AMD so we may intervene sooner, and ultimately provide better care,” said co-senior author Joan W. Miller, M.D., Chief of Ophthalmology at Massachusetts General Hospital and Mass Eye and Ear.
Preventative Measures
More research needs to be done before the blood tests are available in the clinic. For now, the best way to monitor patients for signs of AMD are by conducting regular eye tests after the age of 45.
Given that risk factors for AMD include being overweight, having high blood pressure and smoking or drinking alcohol to excess, it may be possible to reduce your risk by making healthy lifestyle choices, including:
Maintaining a healthy weight
Eating lots of green leafy vegetables and fish
Quitting smoking
Managing your blood pressure
Find more information on AMD on the National Eye Institute website.
The Research Institute:
Saving Lives Through Science Did you know the Massachusetts General Hospital Research Institute is home to the largest hospital-based research enterprise in the United States? Learn more about the Research Institute on our website.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Zuma's new fiance asked to step down
Share
Nonkanyiso Conco. Credit: Supplied.
National response campaign, They Conquer, has asked former president Jacob Zuma's new fiancée to resign from the organisation, saying it doesn't want to send a contradictory message to young women.
News of Nonkanyiso Conco's engagement to Zuma was widely reported on Friday.
The 24-year-old, who serves as the national executive committee treasurer and communications officer at They Conquer, has since been asked to step down or be fired.
The campaign was launched in 2016 by President Cyril Ramaphosa and deals with issues affecting women such as HIV, teenage pregnancy, gender-based violence and economic opportunities.
Chairperson Lerato Morulane says Conco's decision to marry Zuma, who was involved in high-profile rape case in 2006, could cast a negative light on the campaign.
“We're not saying she's a blessee or she's coerced into being with an older man but what we're saying is that we need to also show young people that we're fighting patriarchy.”
EWN
Delays and long tailbacks are being reported along the southbound A56 following a collision, say Highways England.
The accident happened between the M65 J8 and A679 Huncoat at around 8.30am on December 12.
Police say one lane was closed while vehicles were recovered.
A spokesperson for Highways England said: "We have all lanes now open following vehicle recovery. Long delays will start to clear."
Drivers are being advised to allow extra time for their journeys.
Travis Sullivan is proof that Dolly Parton's Stampede is another family-friendly Branson business. Their uncle was a trick rider for the attraction. Their aunt works in marketing, their grandmother in the front office. They grew up around the Stampede, spending time watching their uncle perform and learning to trick rope with their cousins. It's where they met their wife, Charly. And they're already working on the next generation. Their baby Breken has loved horses since they were a couple of months old.
“They're a very tight family,” confirms John Richardson, a spokesperson for the Stampede, also pointing out it's not “Dixie Stampede” anymore. “They spend a lot of time together.”
It doesn't hurt that Charly and Travis have a fairy tale love story of their own. They came to the Stampede as a “ground tech,” meaning it was their job to move the props, open the doors for the riders and horses to enter and generally keep the show running smoothly. “She was a performer, and one day I went to open their door, and our eyes locked on to each other, and it kind of went from there,” they say, the grin evident in their voice. “I proposed to them in 2014. We got married in 2015. And we had our baby boy last July. It's been amazing.”
Sullivan also loves their work. He's moved up to performing themselves and is riding in a new act this spring called “the cowboy joust.” They and other riders compete to ride a pattern, pop balloons mounted along the way and win the race.
“It's fun for the audience and for us as well,” they say.
The horses don't mind running the patterns and have been known to continue even if a rider falls off, Richardson says. The only concern for them in the new act was the sound of the popping balloons. “And that just takes desensitizing them,” Sullivan says. “You just have to show them it's nothing that will hurt them.
“They have a lot of trust in us — and we have to have a lot of trust in them to make sure we do what we need to do and nobody gets hurt.”
Sullivan talks about each of their horses — they ride three, Dallas, Jack and Blast — with the same pride they infuse in the conversation about family. However, Amy, they say, is the grand dame of the Stampede, a longtime veteran of the show and the one that loves the attention the most. Richardson steps in to the conversation to assure that the horses wind up going to good homes when they retire. “They're still representing the Stampede, wherever they are.”
As are the humans involved in the show, they add. During peak season, the Stampede boasts 250 employees from performers to administrators to kitchen staff, along with 32 horses in the show and others on site for training. Like Sullivan, the operations manager started as a young rider and “moved up the ladder to run the whole place.”
“He cares deeply about the show,” Richardson says.
“You can do anything you want in life, as long as you have the heart and motivation,” Sullivan adds. “I've known people who thought I wouldn't be able to be where I am, and I've been able to prove those people wrong and then some.”
FAQ
Dolly Parton's Stampede
Dinner Attraction
WHEN — 5:30 & 8 p.m. daily with 3 p.m. matinees on select dates
WHERE — 1525 W. 76 Country Blvd. in Branson
COST — $24.99-$44.99
INFO — 417-336-3000
FYI — Spokesman John Richardson recommends early reservations.
Former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and Chairman of the Federal Roads Management Agency (FERMA), Tunde Lemo , will deliver a keynote address at the Risk Managers Association of Nigeria's (RIMAN) 18th yearly international conference and training.
Lemo will speak on ‘Navigating socio-economic risk in Nigerian economy' at the two- day event, which will hold on June 7 and June 8 at Eko Hotel and Suites in Lagos.
Other topic to be discussed at the conference include; Sovereign risk Management; Education /Human capacity management, Cyber and social risk management, Systematic impact of operating risk management in silos and Risk management in agricultural sector among others.
President RIMAN, Jude Monye said the Nigeria economy ‎like any other is faced with socio economic risks that affects businesses and the lives of citizenry.
According to him, It has becomes imperative and topical for captains of industries, subject-matter experts, policy formulators and thought leaders to gather at this forum and proffer ways of navigating this uncommon terrain in their journey to a greater, better and prosperous Nigeria.
Dean Unglert still sucks at dating. At least, that's what the Bachelor in Paradise star told Entertainment Tonight during Tuesday's episode of "Roses and Rosé." During the show, Dean Unglert finally explained why they and Lesley Murphy split up. "There was a brief instance where I didn't suck at dating for a while and now I suck again," said Unglert, who hosts an iHeartRadio podcast called Help! I Suck at Dating with Dean Unglert.
But, considering their comments to ET on the subject of their semi-recent breakup (the two publicly called it quits in early April), it actually sounds like Unglert might not currently "suck" at dating as much as they think. In fact, the beloved Bachelor in Paradise star seems to have learned quite a lot about what it means to be a healthy, loving partner in the aftermath of their and Murphy's relationship.
Which brings us back to the question of why the pair broke up in the first place. It sounds like the answer basically boils down to a two-pronged rationale: one, they aren't ready; and two, sometimes, it's just not meant to be. Unglert said,
"You think you're ready for a relationship at a time in your life, and you slowly begin to realize you're not nearly as ready as you thought."
Speaking more specifically about their four-month relationship with Murphy that started on Bachelor Winter Games earlier this year, Unglert confirmed that the pair's ultimate decision to split up was mutual. Unglert told ET,
"It's just one of those things where sometimes two people aren't meant to be together, and I think ... neither of us wanted to drag it on longer than we had to."
In their comments, the reality star made it clear that they still think "Lesley's a great girl" even though they might not be their "forever person." That realization seems to have catalyzed the eventual breakup. Unglert offered some insight into their thoughts on "forever," and said,
"If this isn't your forever person, then you should kind of nip it in the bud and four months to end a relationship is better than 12 months, if it's not going to marriage and kids and all that kind of stuff."
But it seems like coming to terms about their compatibility was pretty heavily tied up in Unglert's lack of "readiness," as they called it, to be in a relationship in the first place. Unglert said that prior to dating Murphy, he'd always been under the impression that "no matter if you're ready or not, if the right person comes along, that's when you'll be ready." But in the aftermath of their relationship, it seems pretty clear that they have been doing quite a bit of self-reflecting. Now, they told ET, "I think you need to kind of be at 100 percent before you're ready to welcome another person in."
Residents of Bachelor Nation probably already know that Unglert has commented on their split from Murphy before, albeit in exceedingly cryptic terms. In early April, fans of the beloved couple were dismayed when E! News reported that Unglert and Murphy had broken up, citing a source who claimed "distance and traveling were a factor" in the otherwise amicable split. In the days that followed, both Unglert and Murphy confirmed the breakup, via two long-winded (and, in a lot of ways, vague) posts to their Instagram accounts.
And while it might have been less clear at the time what exactly those posts were getting at, given Unglert's more in-depth comments to ET, both seem to make more sense now.
"Despite how open and loving you attempt to be, people can only meet you as deeply as they've met themselves," reads Murphy's post-breakup Instagram post.
Echoing the overarching sentiment expressed in their own post-breakup post, Unglert told ET on Tuesday that they know full well that he's got a lot of growing left to do before he'll actually be ready for a relationship. "I think that I still have a lot of discovery to do in myself before I'm really ready for something like [a loving relationship], and that's a hard thing to come to terms with," they said.
But, as Unglert revealed during an episode of their podcast shortly after the breakup, he's already started doing the work. "I've been mediating more and I'm going to start going to therapy this week," they told listeners. "All of this boils back down to, I think, my issues, my insecurities, my incredible fear of abandonment and needing to belong somewhere."
Breakup rationales aside, if Unglert's recent comments to ET are any indication, it certainly sounds like the BiP star is doing what they can to ensure that, whenever their next relationship does roll around, he'll be a better man for it.
Former Paralympic champion and convicted murderer Oscar Pistorius has been injured in a prison brawl over the use of a public phone, a South African official said on Tuesday.
The double amputee - who is serving a 13-year jail term for the murder of their girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp - was left with a bruise after "an altercation with another inmate over the use of a public phone" on December 6, according to the department of Correctional Services.
"Oscar Pistorius sustained a bruise following an alleged incident with another inmate over the use of a public phone in the special care unit where both offenders are detained at Attridgeville Correctional Centre," spokesperson Singabakho Nxumalo said.
Pistorius was in November 2016 moved to the prison north of the capital Pretoria, which caters for inmates with physical disabilities.
Last month, the Supreme Court of Appeal more than doubled their original sentence of six years after the state argued that it was unduly lenient.
Nxumalo said an official investigation has been launched into the incident.
Local media reported that fellow prisoners were angered by the Pistorius`s lengthy telephone conversation, leading to a fight.
Pistorius, 31, was originally convicted of culpable homicide over the 2013 killing - the equivalent of manslaughter - but the appeal court upgraded their conviction to murder.
Marcellus Wiley and LZ Granderson debate if the Redskins should give Kirk Cousins the extension they seek or start over with a new quarterback. (2:21)
It's that time of year when the NFL reminds you its calendar rarely slows and never stops. Ten days after Super Bowl LI, the first window of player movement decisions has opened.
Beginning Wednesday and continuing through March 1, teams can place the franchise tag on one pending free agent, a decision that is expensive but also provides massive leverage against losing a big-time player.
Transition tags can also be applied in this window, but the franchise tag is far more important -- and popular -- because it ensures the team a hefty return if a player ultimately departs. (Transition tags are cheaper, but offer only the opportunity to match an offer.)
As we enter the NFL's 25th offseason with the tag -- it made its debut in 1993 as the salary-cap era took off -- let's run through the basics, some recent trends and projections for 2017.
Please remind me exactly what the franchise tag is.
I appreciate your manners in these angry times.
The franchise tag is a labor designation that restricts a player's potential movement in exchange for a high one-year salary. It is governed by owners and players through the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) and has two types.
Go on ...
The first is the "exclusive-rights" franchise tag. Any player with this tag is bound to the team for the upcoming season. Their agent is prohibited from seeking offer sheets elsewhere. It is the average of the five-largest salaries at the player's position through the end of the current year's restricted free-agent signing period (April 21 this year), or 120 percent of the player's salary the previous year -- whichever is greater.
Safety Eric Berry played on the franchise tag for the Chiefs during the 2016 season. Jeff Curry/USA TODAY Sports
The second is the "non-exclusive" franchise tag. In this scenario, players can sign an offer sheet with another team. The original team has the opportunity to match that offer and retain the player under those exact terms, or it can allow the player to leave in exchange for two first-round draft picks from the new team. It is the average of the five-largest salaries at that position from the previous season, or 120 percent of the player's previous year's salary -- whichever is greater.
The intent and effect of the difference in calculation is to make the exclusive-rights tender more expensive.
What happens after the tag is applied?
It depends on the interest level between the sides.
The player can sign the tender at any time, a decision that fully guarantees the salary and immediately places all of it on the current year's cap charge. This can increase a player's leverage in a tight cap situation; the team will be motivated to negotiate a longer-term deal to lower the cap number.
The decision can also backfire if the team is comfortable with the high cap number; the leverage in this case would side with a player who remains unsigned as camp looms.
In either event, the sides have until July 15 to agree on a multi-year extension. After that point, the player can sign only a one-year contract. It cannot be extended until after the season.
Can a team rescind the tag?
Why, yes.
The Carolina Panthers did just that to cornerback Josh Norman last spring when they determined they wouldn't be able to sign them to a long-term extension. A rescinded tag is one of the risks players take when they don't immediately sign the tender. It can't be rescinded once it is signed.
What typically happens in these situations?
Here's a look at franchise tag results during the past five years, courtesy of ESPN Stats & Information researcher Evan Kaplan:
47 franchise tags extended
22 players played out the season under the tag
24 signed long-term extensions
One (New York Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul) signed a modified contract after July 15.
I'm an amateur capologist. Where can I find the franchise values for each position?
That's quite a hobby you've got there.
The NFL hasn't calculated them yet, and one of the twists of the franchise tag window is that teams can extend them without knowing the exact figure. They're usually released during the annual scouting combine, in the days before free agency begins. In a few cases, deals that happen between now and then can impact the exact numbers. The exact per-team salary-cap total -- also not solidified yet -- can change them as well.
Projected 2017 Franchise Tag Numbers Non-exclusive; based on $168 million salary cap. Position Tag number Cornerback $15,095,872 Defensive end $16,988,266 Defensive tackle $14,770,194 Linebacker $15,287,383 Offensive linemen $14,829,703 PK/Punter $4,946,841 Quarterback $21,588,871 Running back $12,755,536 Safety $11,691,943 Tight end $9,865,550 Wide receiver $15,795,917 Source: ESPN senior writer John Clayton
Generally speaking, though, teams can estimate the numbers via manual analysis. ESPN senior writer John Clayton provided their own projections in the chart. They are based on a salary cap of $168 million per team.
Really? No firm numbers?
OK, maybe a few.
We know, based on the CBA, that a team has only one option when it wants to apply the tag in consecutive years to the same player: 120 percent of the previous year's tag. That could apply to a number of players in 2017, including Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins and Kansas City Chiefs safety Eric Berry.
Cousins played under a $19.95 million tag in 2016, meaning their 2017 tag would be worth $23.94 million. Berry's tag would be valued at $12.96 million after they played 2016 at $10.8 million. (He has vowed not to play for the Chiefs in 2017 under another tag, presumably via holdout until a long-term extension can be reached.)
Other than Cousins and Berry, who else are 2017 franchise-tag candidates?
Here are some names to watch for if productive negotiations on long-term deals don't materialize:
Pittsburgh Steelers tailback Le'Veon Bell
Cleveland Browns receiver Terrelle Pryor Sr.
Chiefs defensive tackle Dontari Poe (if not Berry)
New England Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower
Panthers defensive lineman Kawann Short
Arizona Cardinals defensive end Chandler Jones
Los Angeles Chargers linebacker Melvin Ingram
Buffalo Bills safety Stephon Gilmore
Chicago Bears receiver Alshon Jeffery
Los Angeles Rams cornerback Trumaine Johnson
Is it always bad for the player to play under the franchise tag?
The franchise tag pays a player close to market value for one year, but provides no future guarantees. The tag becomes an advantage if a player remains healthy and valuable enough that the team feels compelled to use it multiple times. The second tag is slotted at 120 percent of the first, and the third at 144 percent of the second.
Saints QB Drew Brees is one of three skill players who have been tagged twice at any point in their careers. Chuck Cook/USA TODAY Sports
How rarely do teams use the tag on the same player in consecutive years?
It happens more often than you might think: 13 times since 1997, including twice since 2011 (Cleveland Browns place-kicker Phil Dawson and Dallas Cowboys linebacker Anthony Spencer).
It is much less common for skill players, however, and Cousins would be the first quarterback ever franchised in consecutive years. There have been only three skill players who have been tagged twice at any point in their careers: quarterbacks Drew Brees (2005, 2012) and Peyton Manning (2004, 2011) and receiver Rob Moore (1995, 1999).
Are some positions more susceptible to the franchise tag than others?
Yes.
Per ESPN's Stats & Information research, 30 offensive linemen have been franchise tagged since 1993. And the tagged numbers are 26 for defensive ends and 24 for linebackers. On the other end, there have been four punters, nine quarterbacks and 10 running backs franchised.
Generally speaking, teams see a better economic value to leverage high-end linemen than skill position players.
Do some teams use the tag more than others?
Yes, but given the 25-year span of the tag's existence, the numbers are more a function of talent and cap management than a philosophical opposition or support of the tag itself.
The Indianapolis Colts have used it an NFL-high 11 times, followed by the Chiefs (10) and Seattle Seahawks (10). The Texans (one), Falcons (two) and Browns (three) have been the least likely teams to apply it.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has scrapped the 20 percent sugar export tax, a government source said on Tuesday, to help boost overseas sales in a surplus year of production.
FILE PHOTO: A labourer carries a sack filled with sugar in a store at a wholesale market in Kolkata, India, February 15, 2016. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri/File Photo
Last week Reuters reported that India, the world's biggest consumer of sugar, would axe the export tax on the sweetener and then make it compulsory for mills to export 2-3 million tonnes to cut bulging stocks at home.
The country is likely to produce a record 29.5 million tonnes of sugar in the 2017/18 season that ends on Sept. 30, up 45 percent from the previous year, hammering local prices down by more than 15 percent in the past six months.
PORT ELGIN -
The front glass door at the Port Elgin library branch is boarded up with plywood after someone hurled a rock through it with enough force that it also damaged an interior pane of glass at the stairs.
“Bah humbug,” was the first reaction from Kathy Samson, Lead Branch Supervisor, after being called by the Town Dec. 7 just after 7 a.m. When they opened the door the shattered glass flew all over, and they found the large rock sitting there.
Samson said the good news is that no one got into the branch.
“So, I wrote 'Happy Holidays' on the door with a magic marker,” they said, adding repairs could take six to eight weeks as the glass is a custom order.
Tobacco Producers, Exporters' Association created in Azerbaijan
2017-10-06 16:55 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 6
By Anvar Mammadov – Trend:
Tobacco Producers and Exporters' Association has been created in Azerbaijan, a source in the country's economy ministry said Oct. 6.
Telman Hasratov has been elected chairperson of the board of the association.
“The establishment of the association will help coordinate activities of producers and exporters of tobacco products, foster expansion of cooperation among them, accelerate development of the sphere and allow increasing production and export of tobacco and tobacco products,” Azerbaijan's Deputy Minister of Economy Sahib Mammadov said Oct. 6, according to the source.
Mammadov made the remarks at a meeting with entrepreneurs who deal with production and export of tobacco in Azerbaijan's Zagatala district.
Bristol City are close to securing Sky Bet Championship survival despite clinching just a draw away at Blackburn Rovers on Monday.
The Robins are 18th in the table and four clear of the bottom three with games left to play against the likes of Barnsley, Brighton and Hove Albion and Birmingham City.
Since suffering a hammering against Preston North End, City have beaten Wolves and QPR and clinched a point at Ewood Park.
Chelsea loanee Tammy Abraham has taken their tally to 25 in all competitions and is the joint second top scorer in the league with 22.
The 19-year-old England under-21 forward will return to Stamford Bridge when the season ends.
City, meanwhile, will next take on Johnson's former side Barnsley at Ashton Gate. The Tykes sit 14th in the table.
Gavrilova hangs on to defeat Mladenovic at Cincinnati Open
by Reuters News 15 Aug 2017, 02:44 IST
Aug 14, 2017; Mason, OH, USA; Daria Gavrilova (AUS) returns a shot against Kristina Mladenovic (FRA) during the Western and Southern Open at Lindner Family Tennis Center. Aaron Doster-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Australian Daria Gavrilova shook off an uncertain second set to defeat France's Kristina Mladenovic 6-0 7-6(6) on Monday at the Cincinnati Open.
After cruising through a perfect first set, the 23-year-old Gavrilova needed to save a set point in the competitive second set to hand the 13th-seeded Mladenovic their third straight loss.
"She has a history of great comebacks. They have done it at the French Open almost every match," Gavrilova said after the match.
"She stepped up their game and was playing a bit loser and was not making as many unforced errors because the first set was not a great set from her."
Gavrilova moves on to face Italian Camila Giorgi in the round of 32 on Tuesday.
Earlier in the day big-serving Czech Petra Kvitova battled back to defeat Anett Kontaveit 1-6 7-6(2) 3-6.
Kvitova, the tournament's 14th seed and a two-time Wimbledon champion, will face either wildcard American Sloane Stephens or Czech Lucie Safarova, who will play at the Lindner Family Tennis Center on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Rory Carroll; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not Their Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP They Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says They Have Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SHREWSBURY, MO (KPLR) – A couple of St. Louis schools were hit hard by a tragic murder-suicide in Shrewsbury Tuesday.
Police say a man killed their estranged wife and their 3 children were home at the time.
It's such a tough thing to talk about, and yet counselors say much can be gained by doing just that. You hear all the time about crisis counselors at schools. But today we found out more about what they actually do and why it's so important.
Suddenly Tuesday the priorities at Holy Redeemer school in Webster Groves and DeSmet high school in Creve Coeur where the couples' three children attended school are now facing the loss of their parents, and their classmates are facing the fallout.
Police say 45-year-old Christopher Daly shot their 41-year-old estranged wife Kenna, and then shot himself.
Catholic family services has therapists embedded in 113 St. Louis area schools, both Catholic and private. They are contracted to respond to 70 more in the event of a crisis like this.
Without getting into direct specifics, a likely scenario involves counselors, the principal, and teachers providing some sort of classroom presentation and most importantly listening. Experts say it's important for parents to follow up and not ignore the trauma.
Since these were Catholic schools, prayer plays a big role, too.
It's important to help children separate fear and anger from sadness, which can impact kids emotionally, behaviorally, and educationally.
Totternhoe came through the Easter period with maximum points from their two games to keep them in pole position for the SSML Division 2 league title.
On Thursday evening the Totts beat a strong Loughton Manor side 2-0. Lee Loasby gave the hosts the lead on 35 minutes when they tapped home a Joel McCormick corner at the back post.
The second half started with a long delay as straight from the kick off Andy Cleere went up for a header with Liam Murphy, and Cleere was caught with an elbow which broke their cheekbone.
Cleere was taking to hospital whilst Murphy was shown a straight red card.
The 10 men had the best of the second half and had a chance to equalise from the penalty spot on the hour mark, but James Bromahll superbly saved Ricki Wigg-Booden's kick. Dan Lambeth wrapped up the game for the hosts in injury time when they swept home a quick Aiden Murray free kick.
On Saturday Totts came away from strugglers Grendon Rangers with a crushing 6-1 victory.
From the first whistle the vistors were in control. They did have to wait until the half hour mark to take the lead when a Jack Rimmer cross was flicked on at the near post by Lambeth and Scott Murchie finished with a overhead kick.
Lambeth doubled the lead on 38 minutes when they were played through by Murchie and they coolly lobbed the keeper. Aiden Murray made it 3-0 two minutes later when they finished well from a tight angle.
Grendon pulled a goal back on 55 minutes when a Matt Ginger free kick evaded everybody.
But any hope of a Grendon revival was squashed when Murchie grabbed their second when they met a Murray corner with a strong header. Lambeth grabbed their second just past the hour when they finished a McCormick cross – their 50th goal of a remarkable season. Murray grabbed their second to wrap up the game in injury time.
Boss Chris Robson said: “I feel these two victories could be a very important point in the title race.
“Against Loughton we played very poorly. If young James Bromhall doesn't save the penalty I feel Loughton would have gone on to win
“Against Grendon on a decent pitch, for the first time in a long time we are able to play our normal game.”
Toots next play Thame Rangers, who they sit one point clear of, on April 29.
>>The 61FC (Luton) sit 13th in the Division Two tables after two draws, 1-1 at Clean Slate on Saturday where Adam Hughes scored and 2-2 at Loughton Manor last Tuesday, Bradley Currington and Aidan Dawson with the goals.
They visit Mursley on Wednesday, then host the same side on Saturday.
Fowlerville Teens Hospitalized After Morning Crash
June 14, 2017
An injury crash this morning sent two Fowlerville teens to the hospital.
The accident happened around 7:19am on Fowlerville Road north of Mason Road in Handy Township. Deputies with the Livingston County Sheriff's Office say preliminary investigation has revealed that a 16-year-old Fowlerville resident was operating a 2001 Buick Regal. The Buick Regal was entering Fowlerville Road from a private driveway when their vehicle was struck by a 2001 Jeep Cherokee traveling south on Fowlerville Road. The Jeep Cherokee was being operated by a 19-year-old Fowlerville resident. The driver of the Buick Regal was flown to the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor by Survival Flight in critical condition.
The 16-year-old passenger in the Buick Regal was transported to the U of M by ambulance in stable condition. The driver of the Jeep Cherokee and 19- year-old passenger were treated at the scene and were to seek medical attention on their own.
Fowlerville Road remained closed for roughly three hours for investigation, which is continuing. The Fowlerville Fire Department and Livingston County EMS assisted on scene. Authorities say alcohol and speed do not appear to be a factor in the crash. (JM)
As Mike Schreiner looks to the future following their election as Ontario's first Green MPP, they touch on the level of effort needed to capitalize on the breakthrough in 2018. Their victory in environmentally-conscious Guelph, a former Liberal stronghold, drew heavily on resources from nearby ridings and enjoyed the right mix of circumstances.
Having won a seat in the provincial legislature, Ontario Green Party Leader Mike Schreiner is setting their sights on growing the party. Winning that first seat was key and should lead to more votes next time, they say, pointing out that British Columbia now has three Green MPPs and Prince Edward Island has two. ( Chris Seto / Metroland )
The seat was left vacant by the retirement of veteran cabinet minister Liz Sandals as their party's support collapsed province-wide amid an NDP surge and local concerns about Doug Ford as premier defying a Progressive Conservative sweep. “We even had people who were running, candidates themselves, that instead of canvassing themselves came to Guelph, particularly on weekends,” says Schreiner, party leader since 2009, of their door-to-door army of supporters. “They knew that winning our first seat was the top priority and it would then lead to more Green votes in the next election,” they add, noting British Columbia now has three Green MPPs and Prince Edward Island two, with hopes high in New Brunswick's fall election.
Article Continued Below
While Schreiner's win was a huge morale boost for the party in their fourth attempt at a coveted spot in the legislature, the Greens did not make serious gains in the rest of the province, remaining a distant fourth or fifth in most ridings. “We had two objectives: to elect our first Green MPP…and to increase our vote total across the province, which we did do — barely,” they acknowledge of the gain of 31,451 ballots to just under 264,000. “It wasn't a substantial increase. But we feel good.” Wilfrid Laurier University political scientist Barry Kay says the Greens will likely need substantial wind at their backs to win another seat in four years, although holding a seat will increase the odds Schreiner is included in the televised leaders' debate. Schreiner was not included in this election's debates. “What's their opportunity for growth? I don't want to say it's nil but I think it's pretty close to nil…Clearly they concentrated their resources in Guelph and this was a throw the ‘ins' out kind of an election,” Kay adds from their office on campus in Waterloo.
“I don't think one should think we're moving to a four-party system in Ontario.” Undeterred, Schreiner points to two ridings — traditionally safe Conservative seats — as their party's best bets for growth.
Article Continued Below
They are Parry Sound-Muskoka and Dufferin-Caledon, where the Green vote totalled 20 per cent and 12.5 per cent in the June 7 election. Standing in the way are popular incumbents Norm Miller (Parry Sound-Muskoka), now the parliamentary assistant to Ford in the intergovernmental affairs ministry, and Sylvia Jones (Dufferin-Caledon), the new minister of tourism, culture and sport. “If people tire of the current government we might be in a position in the next election to break through,” Schreiner says. “Granted, Norm's been there a long time and is the son of a former premier.” In the meantime, Schreiner plans to make their voice heard in the legislature by asking questions of the government every week or two in the daily question period and holding news conferences like one last week where they urged Ford to come out with a program to fight climate change before axing the current cap-and-trade system. Ford announced Tuesday that their newly elected Progressive Conservative government has revoked the regulation that adds 4.3 cents a litre to gas prices as part of Ontario's cap-and-trade alliance with Quebec and California. Schreiner's hoping to punch above their weight by working with the PCs, New Democrats or Liberals in developing environmentally sustainable policies “on areas of mutual agreement” but said they will take tough stands when necessary with the government. “It's a balance of co-operation and confrontation.” Kay, the political science professor, said this is Schreiner's opportunity to help Ontarians better understand the Greens. “Even as somebody who studies this more than the average person, I'm not sure that I fully understand what the Green party is all about beyond the environment,” they add, describing the party's election platform as “all over the place.” Pressed to paint a bigger picture of the Green vision for Ontario, Schreiner says it is “fiscally responsible” but would put more resources into illness prevention, provide more mental health services and increase funding for education and social assistance. Asked what they would cut to pay for those initiatives, they respond with the defeated Liberal government's so-called “fair hydro plan” that borrows billions to reduce electricity rates now — a plan the PC government is keeping in place. Schreiner dubs it the “unfair hydro plan” because it “artificially lowers electricity prices.”
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): Pakistan made history at Sophia
Gardens on Wednesday by sealing a place in the Champions Trophy
final since its inception in 1998.
Pakistan brushed aside hosts England by eight wickets in the
semi finals to qualify for the mega event's final.
Opener Farkhar Zaman played a master's innings of 57 runs off
58 balls while opener Azhar Ali took 100 balls to score 76 runs.
Babar Azam and Muhammad Hafeez ended the match scoring 38 and 31, respectively.
Earlier Pakistani bowlers bowled magnificently and restricted
English team to a short total of 211 runs in 49.5 overs for all.
Joe Root and Jonny Bairstow scored 46 and 43 runs, respectively
while Ben Stokes (34) and Eoin Morgan (33) also batted well.
Hasan Ali bagged three wickets for 35 runs while Junaid Khan
and Rumman Raees took two wickets each for 42 and 44 runs,
respectively.
Pakistan will face either India or Bangladesh in the final. The
second semi final of the Champions Trophy would be played on
Thursday.
CINCINNATI -- The Cincinnati Reds traded right-hander Dylan Floro and a minor league pitcher to the Los Angeles Dodgers for two minor league pitchers on Wednesday.
The Reds also optioned utility player Brandon Dixon to Triple-A Louisville and recalled Tanner Rainey and Cody Reed from Louisville to bolster a depleted bullpen.
The Dodgers sent James Marinan and Anerurys Zabala to the Reds for Floro, Zach Neal and international signing bonus pool space. Marinan will report to Billings of the rookie-level Pioneer League and Zabala to Class A Dayton.
Floro was 3-2 with a 2.72 earned-run average in 25 relief appearances this season with Cincinnati.
Rainey has no record in five previous stints with the Reds this season. Reed has spent the entire season with the Bats.
Dixon hit .219 with a home run and two runs batted in over 29 games, including 2-for-8 with two RBIs as a pinch-hitter.
Some of the world's most interesting cars have the greatest stories behind them. The Dodge Daytona and the Plymouth Superbird are no different. At their core, they were built to shame Ford and Chevrolet in NASCAR, but Dodge was so adamant to ensure the car's success that it went through great engineering measures. Like, bringing on an individual from Chrysler's missile division to engineer the car.
Yes, Chrysler had a missile division, as Donut Media recalled in its latest episode of "Up to Speed." Chrysler built ballistic missiles designed by Nazi scientists that the United States brought back following the end of World War II. You can dive deeper into the program, called Operation Paperclip, on your own. Back to the Dodge Daytona.
The rocket scientist's name was John Pointer and they helped Dodge engineers and designers create the pointy, streamlined Daytona. The massive wing stuck the Daytona to the track and provided immense grip, and the fender scoops secretly relieved air pressure that built up under the car to provide even more grip. It also helps the Dodge Daytona was incredibly fast, as in, the first NASCAR to break 200 mph kind of fast.
Then came the Plymouth Superbird, which underwent a few exterior modifications to make it a slightly more attractive machine to sell. The nose was resculpted and the wing moved up further on the trunk, and argubaly, it does look better. However, it was about 3 mph slower than the Dodge Daytona on the track, which made a big difference on race day.
Still, none other than Richard Petty returned to race for Plymouth in the 1970 NASCAR season and decimated with the slightly slower car. In fact, the Superbird and Daytona won 33 out of 48 races in the 1970 season. NASCAR eventually introduced regulations to curb engine displacement for aero cars like the Superbird and Daytona, which effectively killed both cars in one swoop. Still, to this day, both represent something pretty special: a true street-legal race car.
Already, this has skidded a bilateral relationship that has slipped and fallen many times over. Executing or even pushing a prolonged battle to execute or punish Jadhav is a myopic plan. By doing this, Pakistan is shooting itself in the foot. Here is why: India and Pakistan share many environmental.... HindustanTimes 4:23:00 AM CEST
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
When the second-generation Audi R8 Spyder made its debut at the 2016 New York auto show, the range-topping V10 Plus model was noticeably missing.
It turns out Audi was simply saving the best for last as it's now finally added the R8 Spyder V10 Plus to its range.
There are no surprises here. The car's 5.2-liter V-10 is the same unit found in the R8 V10 Plus coupe, rated at 610 horsepower and 413 pound-feet of torque.
2018 Audi R8 Spyder V10 Plus Enlarge Photo
Mated to a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission and powering all four wheels, the engine propels the R8 Spyder V10 Plus to 62 mph from rest in 3.3 seconds. The top speed is 203 mph.
Those figures correspond with a 0-62 mph time of 3.6 seconds and a top speed of 197 mph for the regular R8 Spyder V10 whose 5.2-liter V-10 delivers 540 hp and 398 lb-ft.
The roof of both models is a soft-top that can open or close in 20 seconds, including at speeds of up to 31 mph. Of course, we'd suggest planning ahead and doing it before the rain starts.
As this is the range-topping model we're talking about, you get plenty of standard goodies. The list includes carbon fiber-reinforced plastic seat frames, carbon-ceramic brakes, Nappa leather trim, the top-shelf infotainment system, and a leather-bound, multi-function steering wheel.
2018 Audi R8 Spyder V10 Plus Enlarge Photo
Audi is yet to announce availability of the R8 Spyder V10 Plus in the United States. When it finally does arrive, expect a steep premium on the $176,350 you have to pay for the regular R8 Spyder V10.
Potential rivals include the Aston Martin Vanquish Volante, Ferrari California T, Lamborghini Huracán Spyder (a twin under the skin with the Audi), Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster, and the new McLaren 570S Spider.
While this generation of the R8 isn't expected to offer a V-8 option like the previous generation, there are rumors a turbocharged V-6 engine will be introduced next year. We might not see such an option here, however. It's likely designed for markets like China where punitive taxes are placed on cars with high-displacement engines.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares were on the defensive on Tuesday after investors took profits in high-flying U.S. technology shares on fears of stiffer regulation, as Facebook came under fire following reports it allowed improper access to user data.
The retreat came as investors braced for new Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell's first policy meeting starting later in the day and amid concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump could impose additional punitive trade measures against China.
“U.S. tech indexes, including Nasdaq and Philadelphia semi-conductor index .SOX all hit record highs last week. So they were prone to profit-taking,” said Mutsumi Kagawa, chief strategist at Rakuten Securities.
“Shares will be capped by various uncertainties for now. Once those uncertainties are cleared, investors will shift their focus back to relatively attractive valuations,” they added.
Futures FFIc1 FDXc1 FCEc1 suggested European stocks are likely to rebound after falling the previous day, with Britain's FTSE .FTSE seen rising 0.5 percent from a 15-month low, Germany's Dax .GDAXI expected to rise 0.5 percent and France's Cac .FCHI 0.3 percent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS were last up 0.2 percent after initially dropping as much as 0.5 percent. Japan's Nikkei .N225 fell 0.5 percent.
On Wall Street the S&P 500 .SPX lost 1.42 percent and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC 1.84 percent, both suffering their worst day in five weeks.
“Investors lightened their positions ahead of the Fed's policy meeting. The markets are completely split on whether the Fed will project three rate hikes this year or four,” said Hiroaki Mino, senior strategist at Mizuho Securities.
Facebook (FB.O) led the losses, tumbling 6.8 percent as the social media colossus faced demands from U.S. and European lawmakers to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump's election campaign gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users.
In addition, worries about the potential for a trade war cast a shadow after U.S. President Trump imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum.
The Trump administration is also expected to unveil up to $60 billion in new tariffs on Chinese imports by Friday, targeting technology, telecommunications and intellectual property, two officials briefed on the matter said Monday.
A man walks past an electronic stock quotation board outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 9, 2018. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
U.S. businesses were alarmed with several large U.S. retail companies, including Wal-Mart Inc (WMT.N) and Target Corp (TGT.N), on Monday urging Trump not to impose massive tariffs on goods imported from China.
The sharp fall in share prices put a lid on long-term U.S. bond yields while short-dated yields rose ahead of an expected rate hike from the U.S. Federal Reserve after its two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday.
The yield on 10-year Treasuries was little changed at 2.867 percent US10YT=RR, almost 10 basis points below the four-year high of 2.957 percent touched a month ago.
But the yield on two-year notes US2YT=RR hit a 9 1/2-year high of 2.32 percent on Monday as the Fed appears set to bump up its policy interest rates USFFTARGET= to 1.50-1.75 percent from the current 1.25-1.50 percent.
Still, with a Fed rate rise this week already fully priced in, the dollar barely gained. Instead, it was the euro that stole the spotlight after Reuters reported that European Central Bank officials were shifting their debate from bond purchases to the expected path of interest rates.
The euro EUR= rose to $1.2347, bouncing back from $1.2258 hit the previous day.
The British pound GBP=D4 hit one-month high of $1.4088 after Britain and the European Union agreed to a 21-month post-Brexit transition period and a potential solution to avoid a "hard border" for Northern Ireland.
It was last at $1.4041.
The yen was little changed at 106.01 per dollar JPY=, with traders wary of any new developments in a cronyism scandal that has eroded support for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Oil prices rose by almost 1 percent, lifted by a weak dollar, tensions in the Middle East and concerns of a further fall in Venezuelan output.
Brent crude futures LCOc1 traded at $66.56 a barrel, up 0.8 percent. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures CLc1 were at $62.59 a barrel, up 0.9 percent.
To enable the less privileged in society have easy access to quality health services and enable them seek timely medical attention at various health facilities, Bryan Acheampong Foundation, a Non-Governmental Organisation is registering people onto the National Health Insurance Scheme.
At the moment, the Foundation is supporting over 5000 indigenes in the Kwahu East district through the Okwahuman South Mutual Health Insurance Scheme with an amount of fifty thousand Ghana Cedis to cover their premiums.
Beneficiaries of the intervention are mainly children under 5, older people, persons living with HIV and community mobilizers. The beneficiaries cut across all the 146 communities within the Kwahu East District.
Apart from the yearly NHIS subscription for the people in the communities, the Foundation will also take community health nurses through midwifery assistants training as well as mental health promotion, provide tricycle ambulances to serve the hard-to-reach communities in the District, rehabilitation of CHPS compound, supply of essential medical equipment and logistics, screening and training of food vendors, school health education and specialized screening services as BAF's contribution towards the achievement of SDG 3.
“We finally decided to enroll people on the NHIS since that is more sustainable and will increase access to quality healthcare delivery for a longer period,” Mr. Nyarko Eric, Director of Development for the Foundation stated.
They tell the media that, most people are unable to seek medical attention at various health facilities due to lack of funds, “For this reason Bryan Acheampong Foundation is here to assist the vulnerable in society to enable them have access to health care”.
They commended the management and staff of the NHIS for working to ensure the success of the registration as the NGO continued to identify and register more needy people in the course of time.
Mr Fredrick Gakurah, NHIS Manager Okwahuman South, noted that so far, sixty eight thousand people, representing 70 per cent of the people in both Kwahu south and east had registered with the Scheme and advised those who had not done so to endeavor to register.
They pleaded with the Foundation to assist them with the needed logistics to enable them run outreach registration.
Public Relations Officer for the District NHIS, Mr. Benedict Gyimah also expressed their appreciation to the Foundation for the initiative and called on other corporate bodies to emulate them as there were many people in other districts who could not afford to register with the Scheme.
The Programs Manager for health, Mr. Rockson Dutenya disclosed that though NHIS is a pro-poor intervention, many vulnerable people are unable to enroll unto the scheme due to financial constraints.
BAF is therefore using this intervention to provide sustainable financial protection to the vulnerable people to access healthcare and also contribute to the broader health sector priority of increasing overage of NHIS especially for the poor in particular and SDG 3 in general.
In addition the Foundation's health program will facilitate the enrollment of pregnant women and physically challenged onto the NHIS; [Adding] “the intervention forms part of measures by BAF to meet the health needs of the beneficiaries”.
The NGO, which has been in existence for the past ten months has its focus on empowering people to be resilient against poverty and championing development in Kwahu.
It's been quite some time since we've seen a brand-new iPhone design. In fact, Apple has essentially relied upon the same iPhone design since the iPhone 6 was first introduced all the way back in 2014. Now there's certainly nothing wrong with the current design -- which is rather sleek and svelte -- but products that don't evolve in the fast moving world of technology are easy to categorize as stale.
Of course, the iPhone 7 is hardly stale underneath the hood, but a strong case can be made that iPhone owners are desperately hoping for a brand-new redesign. Not to worry, the upcoming iPhone 8 will reportedly heed the call.
According to a variety of sources, Apple's iPhone 8 will introduce a cutting edge new design with an edge to edge OLED display. What's more, the display itself is said to occupy the entire front face of the device, which is to say that Apple will completely eliminate both the top and bottom bezels.
Also interesting is that the iPhone 8 will also introduce wireless charging functionality into the mix, though taking advantage of this nicety may very well require the purchase of an add-on accessory. Now as for how Apple plans to implement wireless charging remains to be seen, but there are rumblings that Apple may have a partnership with Energous, a company that has demoed wireless charging tech that can charge a device from a distance of up to 15 feet.
With a completely revamped form factor, enhanced internals and more, it's hardly a surprise that the iPhone 8 will be priced rather high. To this point, a recent report from Fast Company suggests that the iPhone 8 may be priced at $1,000, if not more. While this is a jarring figure at first glance, it's not completely out of the ballpark for Apple. As a point of reference, a top of the line iPhone 7 Plus retails for $969. Still, the iPhone 8 will certainly cost users a pretty penny.
Citing a source with knowledge of Apple's plans, Fast Company notes: "A special 10th-anniversary edition of the iPhone is expected to be the ultimate iPhone, and it'll come with a price tag to match—very likely north of $1,000."
Of course, Apple's entire history is predicated on selling premium products at a premium price. In other words, Apple's fancy new iPhone may be incredibly expensive, but it's a safe bet it's going to sell faster than any other iPhone model ever released to date.
National Geographic warns of the devastating effects that plastics are having on the planet with a clever cover for its June edition.
The cover image shows an iceberg-resembling plastic bag partially submerged in the ocean.
The 18 billion pounds of plastic that end up in the ocean each year are “just the tip of the iceberg,” the caption says…
The second annual 'Kids Music Day' weekend officially started today in Austin. More than 400 music schools in the US & Canada were celebrating.
The mission of 'Keep Music Alive' is to raise awareness of how music education helps develop children's minds and character. It's all in an effort to help spotlight the importance of including music in children's education.
'Kids Music Day' is one of two music-related holidays founded by 'Keep Music Alive'.
The other is 'Teach Music America Week', where the organization partnered with about 600 to offer free music lessons.
Florida State has dominated its rivalry with Miami, which dates back to 1951 -- but that wasn't always the case. (1:53)
The sky is falling at LSU.
Just look around. The Tigers were throttled by Mississippi State. They lost to Troy -- Troy! -- last week in a game in which they never held a lead. This week's news has included a perception that there's chaos behind the scenes as Ed Orgeron, their coaching staff and administrative leaders all appear to be moving in different directions, even if Orgeron insists that's not the case.
So, sure, it's probably time to panic.
But perhaps things aren't quite as bad as we all think.
Ask coaches about which stats matter the most and you'll invariably get three common answers: yards per play (a measure of consistency), explosive plays (a measure of big-play ability) and turnovers (largely a factor of luck and opportunity).
Editor's Picks The best quarterbacks in different high-pressure scenarios Through the first month of the Year of the Quarterback, some of the big names behind center have been better in certain situations than others.
Which teams have the stamina to stay in the CFP race? The road to the playoff is a marathon, not a sprint. Can Washington State and TCU sustain their fast starts? Will Penn State get caught looking ahead? We'll find out in Week 6. 1 Related
If we look just at those first two, which are far more under a team's control, for both offense and defense, we get a pretty good indication of the nation's top teams. In fact, plot out yards per play and explosive play rate for both offense and defense, then look at the teams that are at least half a standard deviation better than average in all four, and you get a who's who of the 2017 season -- 14 teams with a combined record of 58-7.
Eight of the teams on this list are undefeated (Alabama, Clemson, Oklahoma, Penn State, USF, UCF, Washington and Wisconsin) and three others (Ohio State, Notre Dame and Oklahoma State) have a single loss that came at the hands of a currently undefeated team.
The rest of the list, however, is a bit more interesting: Oregon, Georgia Tech and -- you guessed it -- LSU. The Ducks lost a close one on the road in conference. The Yellow Jackets were a disastrous fumble away from toppling Tennessee in the opener. LSU though? It's hard to defend a loss to Troy.
Now, here's where we should talk about sample size. We're just a month into the season, and one huge game can tilt these numbers enough to make the averages a bit disingenuous.
And that certainly may be the case for LSU, which visits Florida on Saturday. But it's also possible that the underlying numbers are the better indicator of LSU's true potential, and these first five games have simply been a mix of growing pains and a bit of bad luck. In fact, look at those two losses again. Against Mississippi State and Troy, the Tigers were a combined 3-of-22 on third down, including a goose egg against the Trojans. That indicates stalled drives, extra snaps for the defense and the margin between wins and losses.
Does LSU have problems? No doubt. But it has talent, too. And perhaps that's the real frustration. This isn't a team that should ever lose to Troy, of course, but it's the unrecognized potential that really frustrates fans.
The Tigers' stats put them amid elite company, but the results are something else entirely.
Blackman's blues
It's not that Florida State's rookie QB James Blackman has been bad in their first two starts, but they have looked inexperienced, and that has distinctly impacted the Seminoles' offense.
For one, Blackman has been laser focused on their favorite receiver, and when Auden Tate hasn't been open, things have gotten ugly. Blackman is 11-of-14 passing and averaging 13.2 yards per attempt when targeting Tate. On all other throws, he's completing less than 50 percent and averaging just 4.8 yards per pass.
"Auden has played our best," Jimbo Fisher said. "He had our best camp of anybody, so they definitely are our No. 1 guy, so I think that's part of it, too. I think as they get used to each other and get used to playing and how we call the game and the more that James can expand and do, I think all those things will factor in."
Despite their struggles elsewhere, James Blackman has been very good against the blitz. Melina Vastola/USA TODAY Sports
The game plan has had to focus on simplicity though, and Blackman's work against the blitz is another indication of why.
When opponents have brought an extra pass-rusher, Blackman has been excellent. They have recognized the blitz, known where their hot read is and gotten rid of the ball quickly. The results -- 67 percent completions, 13.5 yards per attempt, no sacks -- are impressive.
But ask Blackman to throw into coverage or go through their progressions and the waters get muddier. When the opposition rushes just four (or fewer), Blackman completes 54.5 percent of their throws, averages less than 4 yards per pass and has been sacked nine times.
Still, this makes for an interesting matchup Saturday against Miami (3:30 p.m. ET, ESPN and ESPN App). Through three games, Miami ranks ninth among Power 5 defenses in blitz rate (36 percent of dropbacks) and has been slightly below average at pressuring the QB when not bringing an extra pass-rusher.
Over the hump
Records in close games tend to even out over time, but a 12-game college football season often doesn't offer quite a substantive enough sample size for that to occur. But patience does usually pay off.
Last year, there were 14 Power 5 programs that lost at least 75 percent of their one-possession games. They finished the season with a combined record of 67-104 (a .392 win percentage).
This year though? Their luck has changed. Of those 14 teams, four have already matched or exceeded last year's win total. Four more can with a win this week. Twelve of the 14 are .500 or better on the year, and overall, the group's record is 40-21 (.656).
The biggest factor? No surprise, it's turnovers. In 2016, just three of the 14 teams had a positive turnover margin. So far this year, 10 of them do.
Bright spot for Sun Belt
Troy's win last week over LSU wasn't simply a program-defining victory for the team. It was momentous for the conference.
The win was just the Sun Belt's third since the start of 2014 over a Power 5 foe, joining South Alabama (over Mississippi State last year) and Louisiana-Monroe (which beat Wake Forest in 2014).
Head coach Neal Brown is quick to note that Troy's upset of LSU was no fluke -- their team earned it. AP Photo/Matthew Hinton
The Sun Belt's mark of 3-63 vs. the Power 5 in that span isn't just bad -- it's by far the worst of any of the Group of 5 leagues. The American has been the best (27-59), while the MAC (16-71), the Mountain West (14-71) and Conference USA (7-82) have all struggled but still found far more success than the Sun Belt.
In fact, even FCS teams (10-185) have had better luck against the Power 5 than the Sun Belt.
All boom, no bust
There are four Power 5 quarterbacks who've accounted for more than 10 touchdowns this season while coughing up no more than one turnover. Two should come as no surprise: Ohio State's J.T. Barrett and Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield. The other two, however, come from way off the radar: Vanderbilt's Kyle Shurmur (13 TDs, one turnover) and Wake Forest's John Wolford (12 TDs, one turnover).
Coach speak
All week Adam Rittenberg has been chatting with head and assistant coaches around the country. Here is the best of those conversations.
If you're wondering why Washington isn't a one-year wonder, look at the Huskies' secondary. Despite losing standouts Sidney Jones, Budda Baker and Kevin King to the NFL, Washington has nicely filled the gaps with young, talented pieces. Jordan Miller is emerging as a lockdown cornerback, and co-defensive coordinator/secondary coach Jimmy Lake sees similarities between their approach and those of Jones and Baker. Hard-hitting corner Austin Joyner has delivered brutal hits on opposing running backs, while Myles Bryant, who swung the Colorado game with a pick-six, is shining in the nickel role previously filled by Baker.
Although Washington's tougher games are ahead, the first half of the schedule has provided valuable experience for its young defensive backs. Notre Dame should get through 1-4 North Carolina before reaching its open week ahead of the USC showdown, but keep an eye on quarterback Brandon Wimbush on Saturday. Wimbush is dealing with a right foot injury, which could slow their mobility (5.9 yards per carry, eight rushing touchdowns) in Chapel Hill. This is a good opportunity for Wimbush to bolster their passing numbers before facing a USC defense that will load up against the run. Notre Dame coaches want to see more consistency from Wimbush, who has completed just 52.3 percent of their passes. First-year offensive coordinator Chip Long loves the offensive line and the run game, but they also seek more balance against the better competition Notre Dame will face.
One of the subplots to the West Virginia-TCU game is how TCU reintegrates running back Kyle Hicks, who missed the past six quarters with an undisclosed injury. Darius Anderson has shined this season, scoring a league-leading six rushing touchdowns and gaining 422 rushing yards for the Big 12's top ground attack. But Hicks brings a unique skill set after leading TCU in receptions (47) last year. "For the way they used him, [Hicks] was the best tailback in our league," a Big 12 defensive coordinator told ESPN. "He was so different." Oklahoma State defensive coordinator Glenn Spencer noted that TCU's overall run game is much more explosive this year. TCU won't overload Hicks in their first game back, but the distribution of touches will be interesting.
Lee Corso's 300th headgear pick
by Jack Kramer | Mar 19, 2018 1:27pm ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: Election 2018, New Britain
NEW BRITAIN, CT—Using their alma mater as their backdrop, New Britain Mayor Erin Stewart announced Monday at Central Connecticut State University that they are no longer “exploring” and is officially a Republican candidate for governor.
Using Facebook Live to make that announcement, the 30-year-old Republican said they decided to “tip my toe into the already crowded waters” because they aren't convinced that any of the already a dozen or so Republican candidates can build the kind of broad based coalition they said they can.
They announced their exploratory bid in January. However, because they aren't officially a candidate and hadn't raised the necessary funds, she's been absent from the debate stage. The next Republican Party sponsored debate will be held on April 4 at New Britain High School.
Stewart, who is in their third mayoral term in New Britain, said Monday it is important that the Republicans not only win the governor's race this November “but also retake the state House and the state Senate” to get the state back on the right track.
Stewart, who was 25 years old when they were first elected mayor of New Britain, said since they first made it known they were thinking of running for governor a few weeks ago “the response has been nothing short of overwhelming.”
They said their campaign will focus on two important issues: job creation and improving public education.
Stewart added that they hope their running for governor at such a young age will “inspire young people” to take a more active interest in politics in the state of Connecticut.
Though she's young, Stewart, 30, is proud of their track record as mayor. They said the city has rebounded from under their leadership. Democrats, who control the town council in New Britain, disagree she's taking the city in the right direction.
Stewart describes themselves as a fiscal conservative who is pro-choice and has a gun permit.
They grew up in politics as their father is also a former mayor of New Britain.
They will be entering a crowded field of candidates as more than two dozen Republicans and Democrats have expressed an interest in replacing two-term incumbent Gov. Dannel P. Malloy. She's the 11th Republican to officially announce their intentions to run for the nomination.
The only candidate left exploring on the Republican side is Sen. Toni Boucher of Wilton.
The candidates have been lining up to run for the office since last year when Malloy announced be wouldn't seek a third term.
It's a race where there's no clear frontrunner from either party vying for the nomination.
Stewart, in making them announce Monday, may also be trying to take advantage of an opportunity that didn't exist before last Thursday.
Stewart, who nominated Danbury Mayor Mark Boughton in 2014 for the position, made their announcement a few days after Boughton collapsed at an event in Avon. Boughton's campaign claimed Friday that it was the result of dehydration and that the mayor has already returned to the campaign trail.
The incident has caused delegates to question Boughton's health.
Boughton had a benign brain tumor removed last August. Their campaign maintained that their collapse last week was based on dehydration and what now seems like a poor decision not to eat dinner.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Wichita police say two police officers are on administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and criminal investigations.
The department released no details other than saying it possibly involves misconduct and the move was prompted by another agency's criminal probe.
Some 2015 phone calls of former state Sen. Michael O'Donnell, now a Sedgwick County commissioner, were intercepted by investigators. The paper says two former employees were sent letters by the Justice Department saying their calls with them had been intercepted.
O'Donnell did not respond to a message seeking comment.
Wichita business person Brandon Steven told the paper they are the subject of an inquiry into poker and efforts to open a casino. Federal officials notified several parties that call with them also were intercepted.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah is in a race against time to be fit for the start of the World Cup after Egypt revealed they will be out for three weeks.
The Liverpool star met Egypt coach Hector Cuper, federation president Hani Abu Reda and team doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela on Wednesday in Valencia, where they are being treated for the shoulder injury they suffered in the Champions League Final.
Egypt claim Salah will be out for up to three weeks, making them doubtful for their first game against Uruguay on June 15.
Egypt said in a post on their federation Facebook page: “The delegation of the national team was briefed on the recovery programme for the player, who is walking well.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
“He aims to join the squad in the World Cup and this great player is determined to catch up with their team-mates.
“For their part, Mohamed Abou El-Ela said that the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.”
A player wears a jersey with the name and number of U.S. President Donald Trump during the U.S. Pond Hockey Championships on Lake Nokomis in Minneapolis. The entire team took names of actors in the movie "Home Alone 2" in which Trump had a cameo...more
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Subpoenaed documents from the departments of Justice and Homeland Security are needed to force Trump administration compliance with a law that allows whistleblowers to communicate with Congress, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings wrote in a letter to committee Chairman Trey Gowdy.
"Rather than protecting whistleblowers, the Committee appears to be more interested in protecting President Trump," the letter said. "Unfortunately, you [Gowdy] have refused to issue even a single subpoena to any agency or official during your entire tenure as Chairman, and it appears that this abdication of oversight may be emboldening the Trump Administration to simply ignore our requests."
At issue is a series of requests for documents on the use of nondisclosure agreements by the departments of Justice and Homeland Security that Cummings claimed violate the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act.
© AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais Whistleblower: Democrats Oppose Nunes Memo Release on Partisan Grounds
The latter allows government employees to share concerns with members of Congress.
The release cited the failure by both departments to comply with a series of requests in early 2017 for documents relating to the Trump administration's use of nondisclosure agreements.
The Oversight and Government Reform Committee has since heard from multiple government employees, who are afraid to expose wrongdoing in the administration because of purported agreements, the release said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — Flames and smoke chased a family from their home just before noon Sunday in West Scranton.
Jshonta Johnson, their son, 10, and daughter, 7, escaped safely from their apartment at 1302 Price St. after fire broke out in a second-floor bedroom.
Johnson's boyfriend ran upstairs to try extinguishing the flames after their son reported something burning, but the fire spread quickly, and smoke filled the second floor, they said.
The American Red Cross is providing emergency lodging, food and clothing, a spokesperson said.
No firefighters were injured. Scranton Fire Department acting Assistant Chief Jim Cooney said an inspector is investigating.
— JON O'CONNELL
The Love & Hip-Hop: Atlanta star gave birth to their baby girl, Bonnie Bella , just under a week ago, and their post-baby snapback is seriously out of this world.
If you're still on the fence about committing to a revamped fitness routine in the new year, Joseline Hernandez just might be the extra push of inspiration you need.
Taking to Instagram, Hernandez stripped down to their bra to show off their incredible body, and it really is unbelievable when you remind yourself they gave birth less than a week ago.
"When your baby is 4 days old!" they caption their post. "And you're looking like this."
While their pregnancy wasn't without a boatload of drama with Stevie J, it's amazing to see the new mom adjusting so well into the world of parenthood, and impressively already back to their former physique. Simply unreal.
Compare the two images below and see for yourself just how crazy Joseline's post-baby snapback is.
Image: iStock
That's right - from 21 through to 27 August, if you're a Sam, Samantha, Samten, Sameera, Samil, Samsun, Samar or any other kind of "Sam" - you get a free $20 Uber ride if you've never used the service before.
Uber's reasoning behind this promotion is that not everyone has heard of the ride-sharing giant referred to by every other start-up when they try to describe their own "gig economy" app - but everyone has heard of a Sam. Sure.
Uber knows this, becasue it's the most common name for people using Uber.
Every single day of next week, Sams can claim a $20 free ride. So..tell a Sam, I suppose? If you do, you'll get a free ride too.
Register here to claim your freebies.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump called out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in response to the deadly violence in Charlottesville, after criticism that their initial response to the tragedy was insufficient and cast the clashes as a matter of political equivalence.
Speaking from the Diplomatic Room at the White House, Trump said that hatred and bigotry “has no place in America,” while labeling racism as “evil.”
“Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said.
“We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal,” they said.
They said that the Department of Justice has opened up a civil rights investigation of the tragedy, and said “we will spare no resource fighting so every American child can grow up free from violence and fear.”
They met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray late on Monday morning.
They did not take questions after delivering the brief statement by Teleprompter. Reporters asked them why it had taken until Monday to make such a statement.
Trump had been under pressure to call out white supremacist groups after delivering remarks on Saturday in which they condemned the violence and bigotry from “many sides.”
Trump did mention by name Heather Heyer, who was killed after they were struck by a vehicle whose driver crashed into a crowd of counter demonstrators. The driver, James Alex Fields, has been charged with second-degree murder.
They also mentioned the two state troopers who are killed in a helicopter crash near Charlottesville. They had been assisting local law enforcement in trying to control the unrest.
Trump said that the three “fallen Americans” are people who “embody the goodness and decency of our nation.”
“In times such as these, America has always shown its true character,” they said. “Responding to hate with love, division with unity and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.”
The president began their speech by talking about the success of the economy under their leadership, then switched to providing an update to what the federal government is doing to address the Charlottesville tragedy.
The white supremacist groups staged demonstrations at the University of Virginia on Friday and in downtown Charlottesville on Saturday. They were holding a “Unite the Right” rally, to protest the Charlottesville City Council's decision to remove a statute of Robert E. Lee, the Civil War general.
The pressure on Trump to condemn the protesters had been building the past couple of days, even from members of their own party, to make clear that they disavowed their support. Some of the demonstrators wore Make America Great Again hats, and those participating included David Duke, who told reporters that they were would to “fulfill the promises” of Trump.
Adebayor believed and fought for what they wished for. Now, they have a new road leading to their home.
About the Author: Dan Soko
Dan Soko is a short story author and web content editor. They have work appearing or forthcoming in over a dozen venues, including GhanaScoop, Nigeria Daily News and CapitalBay. When he's not frightening strangers with their post and writing, he's most likely frightening their wife Mimi and their two mischievous cats: Buttons and Snaps. You can visit them at www.ghananation.com/author/webby.
When one has been toiling in and around major league baseball for an entire adult life and you read the words “boycott” and “work stoppage” in the same tweet by a player rep from one of the top agencies in the game, the reaction becomes a sudden shortness of breath . . . especially when it's also Groundhog Day. The key is: Don't repeat your mistakes, and MLB history tells us work stoppages are always a mistake. Current issues? The free-agent market has been ridiculously slow this winter and, related to that, a study of projected team payrolls for 30 teams in 2018 suggests the average player salary may be lower than it was in 2017, falling for the first time since 2009, while MLB thinks up imaginative ways to continue to create the greatest gross revenues in history. That lack of willingness to improve rosters by paying for outside talent has raised concerns from the players' side with the dreaded term “collusion” rearing its ugly head. Baseball is a copycat game, and when the Astros won the World Series after years of tanking and accumulating high draft picks, it's easy for other ownerships to use the excuse “Why not us?” Of course, that means fewer fans coming to ballparks in those cities and lower salaries for players in that organization. It's been noticed. Over the past few days, established players have become restless and vocal. Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen suggested players may need to strike, while A's DH Brandon Moss pointed a finger at union chief Tony Clark, saying they have let the players down and gave away too much in the last negotiation. Then came Friday's tweeted statement from agent Brodie Van Wagenen of CAA Sports. “There is a rising tide among players for radical change,” Van Wagenen said. “A fight is brewing . . . a boycott of spring training may be a starting point if behaviour doesn't change.”
Article Continued Below
The threatening statement came wholly on their own. It was supported by at least one fellow rep in another tweet, but also prompted an explanation from Clark and the MLBPA that even though the official reporting date for camps in Arizona and Florida is Feb. 24 and the first paycheques are not until April, a decision not to report by the players would constitute an official strike. No go. The mere threat by someone on the players' side brings back bad memories of the pre-1994 period of labour strife. Under the union flight attendantship of Marvin Miller and then Don Fehr, the players withheld their services with work stoppages eight times, including at spring training of 1972, 1973, 1976, 1980 and 1990. The two major strikes came in 1981 and 1994 — the season-ending, World Series-cancelling one. It has been 24 years since baseball's last work stoppage, and with everyone making ridiculous money it would be ridiculous for the sides to repeat mistakes and risk losing the game's place on the busy entertainment/sporting landscape.
By Charlotte Parks for The Island Eye News
On Jan. 28, the Greater Charleston Restaurant Association invites guests to head to Boone Hall Plantation for the world's largest oyster festival- the 35th Annual Lowcountry Oyster Festival. Tickets are now available for purchase online at charlestonrestaurantassociation.com/ lowcountry-oyster-festival. Named one of the “Top 20 Events in the Southeast” by the Southeastern Tourism Society, the Lowcountry Oyster Festival will feature over 80,000 pounds of oysters, in addition to a variety of food options from local restaurants and food trucks. Event highlights include the legendary “Oyster Shucking” and “Oyster Eating” contests, live music on the main stage, local wine and beer, and the Pluff-a-Pallooza Children's Area. “We are thrilled to be celebrating the 35th anniversary of the world's largest oyster festival here in Charleston and can't wait for the fun to begin on January 28,” shares Greater Charleston Restaurant Association President Randall Goldman. “One of the most highly-anticipated culinary events of the year, the Oyster Festival is always an unforgettable experience for both visitors and locals alike.” Children will have a blast at the festival's Pluff-a-Pallooza Children's Area, a celebration of the oysters' natural habitat with offerings including pluff mudd arts and crafts, cookie decorating with “pluff mudd frosting,” live theatre performances of “Pearlie the Amazing Oyster,” bubble therapy, face painting, sweetgrass basket weaving, bounce houses, an electronic bull, giant live and ridable dinosaurs, air dancers and jugglers. Various other organizations such as The Bee Cause Project, Charleston Water Keeper, the Turtle Survival Alliance and the Surfrider Foundation will also be on site to share interesting environmental education with kids. The Lowcountry Oyster Festival runs from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. General admission is $17.50 in advance online, at Boone Hall Farms, or at any official Visitors Center. Children ten and under are free with paying adult. Tickets are $25 the day of the event and can be purchased at the gate. VIP admission is $100 and includes access to the VIP lane at the entry gate and VIP tent with food, beverages and oysters. All food and beverage tickets are sold separately. Local and domestic oysters will be available steamed and by the bucket at market price. The festival is a rain or shine event. No pets, coolers or outside food and beverages will be allowed. Oyster knives and gloves will be available for purchase. Boone Hall Plantation is located at 1235 Long Point Road, Mount Pleasant. There are two entrances into the event: the main Boone Hall entrance off Long Point Road and the entrance off Highway 17. The Lowcountry Oyster Festival is a charity fundraiser.
For more information and to join the #LowcountryOysterFest conversation, follow-on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.
Nepali residents swim with a rubber ring in a flooded area in the Birgunj Parsa district, some 200km south of Kathmandu, on August 13, 2017. Floods and landslides caused by torrential monsoon rains have killed at least 40 people in the last three days across Nepal, officials said on August 13. Heavy rains have hit more than a dozen districts in the country's far eastern region as well as some areas in the west since the morning of August 11, the home ministry said. (Photo: MANISH PAUDEL / AFP/Getty Images)
Kathmandu, Nepal — Landslides and flooding triggered by heavy rain have killed at least 47 people in southern Nepal and left thousands homeless, police said Sunday.
The death toll was expected to go up, with around two dozen other people missing and feared dead after three days of heavy downpours in at least nine southern districts of the Himalayan country, said police spokesperson Pushkar Karki.
Around 31,000 families have been displaced by the floods and landslides, which began Friday, they said.
Police said floodwaters toppled telephone towers and power lines, cutting communications and electricity in many areas.
Rescue efforts were hampered by incessant rain and roads that were washed away in many places. Traffic on Nepal's main East-West highway was stopped after parts of the road and some bridges were severely damaged by the floodwaters.
Teams of soldiers and police officers were working together in the rescue and evacuation efforts, said Ram Krishna Subedi, a home ministry spokesperson.
In the eastern city of Biratnagar, the airport was closed after the runway was submerged under more than half a meter (2 feet) of water.
Landslides and flooding are common in the Himalayan region during the monsoon season, which runs from June through September.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uDIohu
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
■ Woody has noticed that Linda is in pain. They reveal they have the same symptoms as before they were diagnosed with cancer.
■ Carmel lets Stacey spend time with Lily and Arthur, and apologises for the situation. They don't admit they rang Social Services – but Kush knows.
■ Ted realises Joyce is hiding something...
■ Mick realises that Linda is unwell. They finally tell them the truth – that they have had cancer before and is worried that it has returned.
(Image: BBC)
■ Ted suggests to Joyce that they move to Australia to get away from their charges for shooting Johnny.
■ Sonia invites Gethin for lunch.
■ Max lurks at the hospital as Jane's breathing tube is removed. What are they planning?
(Image: BBC)
■ Sharon and Michelle speak to the police about Tom's silent calls.
(Image: BBC)
■ Mick realises that Woody already knew about Linda's illness and the men have a huge falling out about it.
■ Jane wakes alone with Max. Is they safe?
■ Keanu and Ingrid try to go out for dinner, but things don't go to plan.
■ The Taylors are hitting rock bottom, so Keanu reluctantly calls the escort agency to get work.
(Image: BBC)
■ Stacey and Martin get a shock, and Kush gives their mother an ultimatum about coming clean to Stacey.
■ Back at The Vic, Shirley talks to Linda, while Mick confides in Jack.
Microsoft today announced the launch of two new Azure regions in Australia. These two new regions will complement Microsoft's existing two regions on the continent and bring the total number of global Azure regions to 42. The plan is for these new regions to go online in the first half of 2018.
Microsoft specifically notes that these two new regions will be certified to run both unclassified and protected government workloads (“protected” being the first level of national security classified information in Australia). To do this, the company is partnering with Canberra Data Centers, a company that specializes in running data centers that host secure government data. Microsoft's current regions are also certified for machine learning, IoT, cybersecurity and data management workloads by the Australian Signals Directorate, the country's signals intelligence agency.
A number of Microsoft's competitors in the cloud computing space are also currently eyeing the Australian market for their data center expansions. IBM and Google recently opened their Sydney regions, for example, though it's worth noting that AWS has had a presence on the continent since 2012. Australia is also getting better connections to the rest of the world, thanks to a number of new subsea cables, including the Google-backed INDIGO cable,
Featured Image: Tier Und Naturfotografie J und C Sohns/Getty Images
FORMER Leeds United star Robbie Rogers has announced that they are to marry their boyfriend.
Rogers and their partner Greg Berlanti, a TV producer, announced their engagement in an Instagram post.
Rogers wrote in the post: "Thank you to everyone before us that made this moment possible... I feel extremely lucky and blessed to end 2016 engaged to the love of my life. ❤ Happy New Year!"
Rogers came out as gay in 2013, while announcing their retirement from professional football – but they have since come out of retirement and now plays for LA Galaxy.
Today Is A Chance To Celebrate Being An American A couple of Morning Edition producers asked people visiting the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., what it means to be an American.
Staff Report for Island Eye News
It's 1 a.m. almost 60 miles offshore — waves are pounding your foundering boat — a Coast Guard cutter arrives just as the ocean is making it's final pull downward on the vessel that just moments before had been floating quite well. Many thoughts run through your head, the least of which are “How did this happen?”
Take it from someone who has been plucked off the deck off a sinking boat offshore, boating safety regulations are pretty darn important. That's why Matthew Treanor owner of Southern Drawl Yacht Charters stresses to their prospective clients, the time to consider boating safety and a professional crew is before you board a vessel.
On their boat, The Southern Drawl, safety is paramount. As a USCG Inspected Small Passenger Vessel carrying up to 50 passengers, there are mandatory and rigorous requirements dictated by the Federal Government to operate as a charter passenger vessel. These include steel, watertight doors, automatic fire extinguishing fire hoses, crash bulkheads, fortified passenger railings, a triple redundancy de-watering pump systems, triple navigational electronics, commercial personal flotation devices for all passengers on board and multiple other safe guards mandated by the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) to operate legally as a passenger vessel in US waters. But these are things most passengers rarely think about, much less see on the boat but rest assured they are important.
A trained professional crew is another layer of safety mandated by the USCG and insures your trip is a safe one. The Captain of the vessel has at minimum a 100 Ton Master Rating Certified by the USCG. The crew is trained in first aid, firefighting and Man Overboard drills, and all primary crew go through a Department of Homeland Security background check and are enrolled in The Maritime Consortium random drug screening program. All vessels qualified under these programs are certificated and required to display them in a prominent place on the vessel. If the boat you are planning to charter doesn't have them, maybe you should reconsider that boat.
Matthew briefs their charter clients on all the federal regulations that go into a successful passenger charter business, not to raise their concerns, but to make them feel confident that the event they have booked on the Southern Drawl will go off without a hitch. And if something did happen, they can feel confident they are in good hands. We always plan for a great trip but are prepared to take action to protect passengers and the boat if necessary. Matthew's first instructor at Sea School started their lecture on the first day with a pearl of wisdom. They quipped: I never plan on sinking when I go out on the ocean, but I still bring a raft. Indeed.
Interested in more? Visit the USCG page governing charter passenger vessels. https://www.uscg.mil/Matthew Treanor is the Owner and Captain of Southern Drawl Yacht Charters, Charleston's premiere full-size charter yacht service for 10 years running. To inquire about booking your next event, or for more information, they can be reached at 843.810.3776 or www.southerndrawlyacht.com.
I am participating for 8 weeks in the Whole Life Challenge (https://game.wholelifechallenge.com), changing habits in seven realms:
Nutrition Exercise Mobilize Sleep Hydrate Reflect
Most of these are more or less self-explanatory. All of them deserve at least a few words.
Nutrition essentially involves eating only nutritious, healthy foods in moderate quantities, cutting out sweets, bread, jellies and jams, soy, rice, pasta, beans and legumes, peanuts, industrial vegetable and seed and hydrogenated oils, cereals, alcohol.
Mobilize refers to "completing any kind of stretching or mobilizing of your muscles or joints each day."
Hydrate, for me, is drinking 76 oz of water a day.
Reflect means "writing at least briefly about how the day went." That experience becomes more and more meaningful as the project continues.
Sleep is reliably getting 8 hours.
Exercise is being active for part of each day.
I add Meditation at least twice weekly, preferably more.
An essential component is participating in a team, a group of others who are engaged in the same Challenge, to offer each other support, and buck up our senses of humor, which can feel tested or flayed from time to time.
The spirit of the enterprise is illustrated by a remark of Maya Angelou:
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away."
Former Town target Alex Woodyard has left Lincoln City to sign for League One side Peterborough United.
The 25-year-old, who Hatters made an enquiry for back in January, departed the Red Imps yesterday, with Posh shelling out an undisclosed fee for the midfielder, as they penned a two year deal.
Woodyard made over 100 appearances for Lincoln, helping the club to promotion into the Football League, as bullish Peterborough boss Steve Evans told the club's official website: "There is no doubt that the signing of Alex Woodyard represents the best signing in League One to date in the close season activity.
"It is fair to say that many people at Lincoln City and outside Lincoln City would describe Alex as their best player and that comes down to performances.
“He was outstanding against my team last season when I was at Mansfield and each time that I watched Lincoln, they were the player that I went away thinking that I would love to work with if possible. On my recent trip to the States with the board, I highlighted players that I thought would be key to us for the new season and right at the top end of that list was Alex Woodyard."
Speaking about the former Southend player back in January, Luton chief Nathan Jones had said: “We enquired about him, they said they aren't for sale, and whether the boy had a desire to come here, we don't know.
“We've made a tentative enquiry, but that's about it and we move on from there.”
Sheffield Wednesday's head coach Carlos Carvalhal believes their team's victory at QPR showed they have the mental strength to clinch a play-off place.
Leeds United's home defeat against Wolves meant Wednesday's fourth win in a row moved the Owls up to fifth in the Championship with three matches left to play.
Last season's beaten play-off finalists were made to battle at Loftus Road, where Daniel Pudil headed them back in front after Idrissa Sylla's goal had cancelled out Adam Reach's early opener.
“We are very strong mentally – the mentality of this team is very strong,” Carvalhal declared.
“When you play twice in three days, physical teams can cause you problems and it's not easy to play twice in such a short time.
“But we are very strong and the confidence is high. We have four wins in a row and the mentality is really strong, which is why we achieved the three points.
“We knew before this game that it was one of the more difficult ones for us. I thought we were fantastic.
“We have been stronger since the international break and we are showing that we are strong. I am very happy with our players.
“We are ready for this part of the season. It will be three finals and our focus is on this.
“This is a marathon and let's see where our position will be in the marathon.”
Rangers, meanwhile, have lost five matches in a row and sit just six points above the relegation zone with three games left.
QPR manager Ian Holloway said: “If we can get three in the next game at Brentford then everybody can just breathe and we can start again.”
Wednesday dominated most of the first half and went ahead in the 12th minute.
Pudil's left-wing cross ricocheted into the path of Reach, who blasted in from near the edge of the six-yard box.
Sylla equalised from a similar position nine minutes later.
After Jamie Mackie exchanged passes with Ryan Manning and went down in the box, the loose ball rolled to Sylla, who fired past goalkeeper Keiren Westwood at the near post.
But the Owls hit back just after the half-hour mark, when Pudil followed up to head home after goalkeeper Alex Smithies had managed to keep out Jordan Rhodes's header from Ross Wallace's right-wing free-kick.
Wallace might have made it 3-1 had Jack Robinson not thwarted them with a last-ditch challenge.
QPR: Smithies, Perch, Lynch, Bidwell, Petrasso (LuaLua 46), Freeman, Luongo, Manning (Smith 75), Robinson (Washington 62), Mackie, Sylla. Unused substitutes: Goss, Ingram, Wszolek, Ngbakoto.
Sheffield Wednesday: Westwood, Palmer, Lees, Loovens, Pudil, Wallace (Semedo 67), Jones, Bannan, Reach, Rhodes (Nuhiu 76), Hooper (Forestieri 67). Unused substitutes: Wildsmith, Fletcher, McManaman, Sasso.
Referee: Andy Davies (Hampshire).
Rawalpindi
Deputy Commissioner Talat Mehmood Gondal Monday directed all government departments to complete on-going development schemes by March 31. Chairing a meeting to review ongoing schemes here on Monday,he said no delay in the approved schemes would be tolerated as 100% funds had been transferred.
Talat said “We are determined to provide the people better health, medical and education facilities for which various schemes have been initiated, their completion will benefit the people and help to improve their living standard.”
Briefing the meeting, they said that work on Shahbaz Sharif Park at Rawal road at the cost of 87.93 million was under progress while a Janaza-gah was being constructed at the cost of Rs 100 million in NA-52. The DC said that Rs 62.449 million in NA -53 and Rs 77,919 million for NA-50 have been allocated for the repair of roads.—APP
No fewer than seven people lost their lives on Monday in two separate accidents in the Gbagada and Surulere areas of Lagos State.
It was learnt that while two passengers died and 14 sustained varying degree of injuries in the Gbagada crash, five died and five others were injured in the Surulere incident.
It was gathered that the Gbagada accident happened after a commercial bus had a head-on collision with a cab at about 3pm.
Officials of the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency were said to have rescued the 14 survivors and rushed them to the Gbagada General Hospital, Gbagada, and the Trauma Centre, Ikeja.
The General Manager of LASEMA, Mr. Adeshina Tiamiyu, who confirmed the tragedy, noted that the deceased were taken to the Lagos Mainland Hospital mortuary.
They said, “We received a distress call about the accident at about 3pm. It happened around Gbagada bus stop, inward Anthony.
“Preliminary investigation conducted at the scene revealed that a Volkswagon bus had a head-on collision with a Mazda taxi.
“Fourteen persons were rescued by emergency responders and taken to the Gbagada General Hospital and the Trauma Centre, as they sustained varying degree of injuries.
“Two lives were lost and their remains were moved by the State Environmental Health Monitoring Unit to the Lagos Mainland Hospital mortuary. The damaged vehicles were recovered with the help of our towing truck for free flow of traffic in the area.”
In the Surulere incident, which occurred around 6pm around the Funsho Williams Avenue, five passengers lost their lives after a commercial bus burst into flames.
A witness, Rasaq Amao, who spoke with on the telephone, said they were playing football inside the National Stadium when they saw smokes billowing into the sky.
“Around 6pm, I suddenly saw heavy smokes billowing into the sky and left with some friends. I traced the smokes to the under bridge area, where a commercial bus was burning,” they said.
Amao stated that four persons were brought out dead from the bus, while other passengers were rescued and rushed to a hospital.
“I saw four dead bodies. People assisted in rescuing some passengers. They have been taken to a hospital. I learnt that the fire was caused by mechanical faults,” they said.
Another witness, who identified themselves only as Ola, said LASEMA officials battled to put out the fire, adding that the accident caused a traffic jam on the road.
An emergency worker, who was at the scene, told PUNCH Metro that five people died in the accident.
They noted that the bus, with number plate, AND 996 XC, was descending the bridge inwards the Iponri barracks when the accident happened.
“Five people lost their lives, including three adult females, one adult male and a child. They were all burnt beyond recognition,” they added.
The LASEMA boss, Tiamiyu, who also confirmed the casualty figure, advised motorists, especially commercial bus drivers, to always be safety-conscious.
They added that the accidents would have been avoided if the drivers complied with traffic rules.
TOORMINA REAL ESTATE PRINCIPAL AND SELLING AGENT CHRIS SERCOMBE'S Property Pick of the Week is this lifestyle Toormina home.
Chris, tell us about this home:
Formerly an exhibition home, it has three-bedrooms, chair rails, walk-through bathroom to the main bedroom.
There is an extra toilet in the laundry, walk-in pantry, dishwasher, air-conditioner, covered entertainment area, converted garage and parking spaces.
The property also features solar hot water and is on a minimum maintenance block of 357m2.
What is your favourite feature of the home?
The neo-federation styling and the northerly aspect.
Who will be interested in buying this home?
Small families, investors - the home is currently tenanted - and retired couples.
TOORMINA
28 Kinchela Ave
3 bed, 1 bath, 1 car
PRICE: $405,000
INSPECT: By appointment
CONTACT: Christopher Sercombe, Toormina Real Estate, 0427 581100
Netflix has ordered a supernatural thriller out of the U.K., an eight-episode series that will be produced by New Pictures, the British outfit that is part of Discovery- and Liberty Global-backed production group All3Media.
Netflix said that shooting is underway in the U.K. and Norway on the as-yet-untitled series. It was written by Hania Elkington (“The North London Book of the Dead”) and Simon Duric, who was a storyboard artist on award-winning Netflix original “The Crown.”
Farren Blackburn (“Hammer of the Gods”) will direct six of the eight installments and executive produce alongside New Pictures' Charlie Pattinson and Willow Grylls.
New Pictures made “The Missing” and “Indian Summers,” and is making upcoming BBC One and Netflix drama “Requiem,” and BBC and Cinemax scripted series “Rellik.”
Netflix is ramping up its slate of original shows from around the world, increasingly in association with local broadcasters. “The Crown,” out of the U.K., is its biggest-budget international show to date.
The new U.K.-produced supernatural series was first reported by TBI.
Gen. Michael Flynn resigned as President Donald Trump's National Security Adviser. ( TNS )
Perhaps no institution has been so reviled in the Trump era as the so-called mainstream media. Mocked for failing to grasp the forces behind the rise of Donald Trump, attacked for spreading “fake news,” pitied for the collapse of its financial foundation, traditional media limped into 2017 seemingly on its last legs. Yet it is the most mainstream, most traditional sort of news media that after just over three weeks has exposed the nascent Trump administration for what it is: a band of dissembling amateurs flailing about in the White House, embarrassing both themselves and their country. The inflection point in this unfolding story was the forced resignation late Monday evening of Donald Trump's national security adviser, the mendacious general Michael Flynn. And that came entirely because of old-fashioned reporting by a team of journalists at one of the jewels of traditional media: the Washington Post.
Article Continued Below
It was not an upstart online operation, a social media outlet, or any sort of new media that blew the whistle on Flynn's dissembling about their contacts with Russian officials. It was the Post, icon of the trade since the long-ago days of Watergate, that ensured their downfall with a series of well-sourced reports starting late last week. On Tuesday, the White House confirmed that Trump was officially informed on Jan. 26 that Flynn had changed their story about what they discussed with the Russians. Spokesman Sean Spicer argued that the president finally fired them on Monday – 18 days later – because of an “evolving and eroding level of trust.” What really changed, though, was simply that the Post blew the whistle in the way that it and other “mainstream” news organizations have been doing for decades when they expose bad behaviour in high places. It reported that Flynn had not told the truth when they denied discussing sanctions with Russia's ambassador to Washington before the Trump team took office.
Trump was content to keep all this secret until the facts were forced into the open. Only then did they act. It's easy to understand why the president has conducted their own personal war on the traditional news media. He's out to discredit institutions that question their version of events and challenge their power. They have tried it with the U.S. courts, referring to “so-called judges” who rule against their executive orders. And they continue a frontal assault on the role of the American media as a check on presidential authority. The fall of Michael Flynn after just over three weeks in power is remarkable for many reasons, in particular for the chaos it has revealed behind the scenes of Trump's White House. But it has also shone a bright light on the vital role of the much-maligned mainstream news media in exposing the truth and holding even the most powerful to account. It's a job that's more important than ever in 2017.
Read more about:
Buzz TV Host Keith Rydh is the founder of the FoodiesUSA social network and the Foodies Care 501(c)3 charity.
Energy Stacking the Deck Virtual power plants and energy storage may shape the energy model of the future. « Previous Laura Sanchez • April 17, 2017
Today virtual power plants are able to integrate an array of energy resources into networked systems that produce efficient and flexible power. The addition of energy storage can create an enhanced solution.
Two British companies, developer Anesco and electric utility company Limejump, have partnered to bring 185 MW of energy storage online to support Limejump's virtual power plant operations in the UK.
With cloud-based technology, the companies will aggregate generation sources and batteries to operate as virtual units that will be able to provide sub-second response to ease grid demand. Under the terms of the deal, Limejump will commercially operate the energy storage portfolio. The project will also offer the potential to stack revenues.
Many communities are considering, researching, or implementing microgrid solutions. The underlying rationale often involves complex business, operational, and economic issues. See our FREE Special Report: Understanding Microgrids . Download it now!
Value stacking refers to the utilization of batteries in a way that maximizes their lifecycles. Today, many energy storage systems are deployed for a specific application such as demand charge reduction, backup power, or supporting solar and renewable sources, which results in batteries remaining underutilized.
A report from the Rocky Mountain Institute offers the following example: “An energy storage system dispatched solely for demand charge reduction is utilized for only 5–50% of its useful life. Dispatching batteries for a primary application and then re-dispatching them to provide multiple, stacked services creates additional value for all electricity system stakeholders.”
While the project's intent is to help create a more dynamic energy system, with more renewable integration, and less reliance on fossil fuel power generation, it may also have profound industry-wide implications.
“As well as aiding grid stability, energy storage can help maximize the use of renewable power being generated, while breeding a more resilient local grid,” said Anesco's executive chairperson, Steve Shine. “It's an exciting time for the sector and we predict momentum will continue to grow, as more and more generators look to benefit from the technology.”
We see this as an exciting project and one that will be important to observe as it evolves. This virtual power plant and battery storage combination may shift the energy landscape. What are your thoughts: Are aggregated generation sources coupled with storage shaping the energy model of the future?
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers: Infinity War.
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers: Infinity War. Chuck Zlotnick
AVENGERS: Infinity War is a big movie in every way.
From the star-studded cast of superheroes so big they can't even all fit on a movie poster to the budget - Wall Street Journal estimates it ties Justice League and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End as the second-most expensive film ever made - and the scale of the planet-destroying villain Thanos.
And of course the stakes couldn't be any higher. If Thanos gains possession of all six infinity stones then they have the power to control space, time and the very fabric of the universe.
So does Infinity War live up to the hype?
Danai Gurira, Chadwick Boseman, Chris Evans, Scarlet Johansson and Sebastian Stan in a scene from Avengers: Infinity War. Marvel
For the most part, yes it does.
Directors Anthony and Joe Russo had a formidable task of bringing together the plot lines of the past 10 years of Marvel blockbusters.
The size of this film is both its greatest asset and its greatest stumbling block (it runs for a whopping 149 minutes).
It's nice to see so many beloved characters coming together, whether it's reunions such as Black Widow and Bruce Banner or heroes meeting for the first time such as Thor's hilarious introduction to the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Thor, Rocket and a teenage Groot go off on their own mission. Marvel
With so much time and space to cover, though, there isn't much time for all that mushy stuff.
Our heroes are soon split up across the universe in the hopes of defending the infinity stones Thanos is yet to acquire. The story deftly jumps back and forth as the Avengers, Guardians and other heroes are either battling Thanos or theirs goons.
More of a distant, looming threat in the previous Marvel films, Thanos (played by Josh Brolin) is finally fleshed out in the few moments when he's not wreaking havoc.
A very big and angry Thanos. Marvel
The purple Titan explains their reasons for wanting to wipe out half the population of the universe and they almost makes case for sustainability and population control. Of course, they nominated themselves for the job and that doesn't sit well with all us rational folk.
The film goes to some dark places as the good guys face impossible choices. Could you muster the will power to kill the one you love if it saved half the lives in the universe? It's a major gear change from the more light-hearted adventures in Thor: Ragnarok and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2.
The body count in Infinity War is high - on both sides. The Russo brothers understand that without real losses it doesn't really feel like the fate of the entire universe is on the line.
Those casualties, which I would dare not spoil, give Infinity War a wonderful unpredictability you don't often find in action blockbusters.
Spider-Man and Iron Man team up with the Guardians of the Galaxy. Marvel
Sure there's comfort in knowing the good guys are going to win, but haven't we already seen that countless times on the big screen?
What happens if the heroes sacrifice everything and it's still not enough?
When the credits roll on Infinity War, you'll wonder 'where does Marvel go from here?'"
Of course this isn't the end, with another Ant-Man movie, Captain Marvel and an untitled Avengers film, again with the Russo brothers directing, all in the works. There's even a third Guardians film in development for release in 2020.
The possibilities of where Marvel's Cinematic Unvierse will go are more exciting than ever.
Avengers: Infinity War opens in cinemas today.
Avengers: Infinity War
Stars: Robert Downey Jr, Josh Brolin, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Sebastian Stan, Tom Holland, Benedict Cumberbatch.
Directors: Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
Rating: M
Verdict: 4 stars
Last week, Lions defensive tackle Haloti Ngata was announced as the Detroit Lions nominee for the Walter Payton Man of the Year award, recognizing players for outstanding community service activities, as well as excellence on the field. (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
Allen Park — Haloti Ngata might be out for the season, but he's racked up some meaningful off-field honors the past week.
Last week, Ngata was announced as the Detroit Lions nominee for the Walter Payton Man of the Year award, recognizing players for outstanding community service activities, as well as excellence on the field.
Through their foundation, Ngata raises money for a number of causes, primarily college-prep classes for high school students in the Salt Lake City area, which is inspired by their late mother, Ofa.
Three finalists for the award will be announced in January, with the winner being named during NFL Honors on Feb. 3.
A $500,000 donation in the name of the 2017 winner — $250,000 to the winner's charity of choice and another $250,000 to Character Playbook, an NFL initiative in conjunction with the United Way. The two other finalists will each receive a $100,000 donation to their charity of choice and a $100,000 donation in their names to Character Playbook. All other 29 nominees will receive a $50,000 donation to their charity of choice and a $50,000 donation in their names to expand Character Playbook.
2017 DETROIT LIONS SCHEDULE
In addition to the Lions' Man of the Year nomination, Ngata also was announced as one of the eight finalists for the 2017 Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
Each NFL team nominates one of its players for the award, which recognizes those who best demonstrate the qualities of on-field sportsmanship, including fair play, respect for the game and opponents, and integrity in competition.
The winner, determined by a vote of current players, will be announced during NFL Honors and they will receive a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of their choice.
Acquired via a trade prior to the 2015 season, Haloti has appeared in 32 games for the Lions the past three seasons. Despite being on injured reserve with a bicep injury, they continue to be a locker room leader, even traveling with the team on road trips.
jdrogers@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/Justin_Rogers
Guest DJ: The Politics And Passions Of Roger Waters LANGUAGE ADVISORY: This podcast contains profanity
Note: This week we're featuring select episodes from our Guest DJ archives. Roger Waters is currently on the North American leg of their US + Them tour, performing songs from the Pink Floyd albums The Dark Side Of The Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals and The Wall. In June Waters also released their first solo rock album in 25 years, called Is This The Life We Really Want?
Carl Court/Getty Images
Back in the summer of 2015, Roger Waters did something that at the time I found surprising: They played the Newport Folk Festival. I couldn't imagine a man who's music felt more distant to folk music than theirs and the music they did with Pink Floyd. When they got on stage and played John Prine's "Hello In There," a song about aging and why we fight and die in war, it all became clear: These were two men covering the same ground.
So we asked Roger Waters to play DJ, to play music by those they love and talk about what draws them to song. This conversation isn't about their time with Pink Floyd. In fact, over the course of this nearly hour-long interview, they didn't mention the band they left more than 30 years ago even once.
We do talk with them about their upcoming own solo work, including their upcoming tour called "Us And Them." But at the heart of everything, this creative force behind some of the 20th century's most iconic music is politics, money, greed and ultimately hope.
Mention the music of Billie Holiday (who was addicted to heroin) and Waters launches into an assault on what they call draconian drug laws that vilify addicts instead of treating them. That leads to a discussion of corruption and greed in politics and more knotty issues than we could reasonably keep track of: The U.S. presidential race, the conflict between Israel and Palestine, the state of the music industry, the futility of war, Guantanamo, civil rights and the Black Lives Matter movement, prison reform and how Waters, remarkably, remains hopeful and optimistic in the face of all the despair and suffering they see plaguing the world.
It's an expansive, sometimes thrilling, sometimes exhausting conversation you can hear with the link above, or read edited highlights and listen to the songs Waters chose below. —Bob Boilen
On how the value of music has been diminished by corporate interests and streaming services:
"Music no longer has any value. It is only around in our lives because it's used to sell soap powder and Volkswagens. It's the advertisers who are actually driving the ship. Music is just a means to the end for them, so that they don't have the passion for Billie Holiday or Sam Cooke or any of the other people that I might choose and who I really care about listening to. Those people under these new rules would never get paid because the idea of all of this: It's all there for everybody to stream all the time. It's based upon the notion that it is valueless and that the people who make the music should not get paid. And they say they do pay them. Yeah, they pay them like point naught naught naught of one cent for a stream or something. The change that actually goes into the pocket of the artist is miniscule. There's no way that young artists particularly can make a living, which I think is disgusting."
On John Prine's song "Hello In There" and the role of inspiration in the creative process:
"I don't choose what I paint. It's very, very difficult to write a song or to paint a picture. And I think people who do it, whose work we admire, like John Prine — they don't one day sit down and think, 'I know, I'm going to write a song about old people and what it must be like to be ignored in old age and the connections between people.' They wrote that song after they spent a summer delivering laundry to old people's homes and they would sit and talk to some of the old folk before. And so it's an expression of some love that they felt in their life and maybe all great work stems from love and from the ability to love."
On the destructive and senseless nature of war, why they named their upcoming tour 'Us And Them' and the need for humanity to come together:
"There's a line in my song 'Us And Them' which goes, 'With, without / and who'll deny that's what the fighting's all about?' That's why my new tour next year is going to be called 'Us And Them.' It's specifically about that line because the answer to the question, 'Who'll deny that's what the fighting is all about?' is this: Almost everyone. Almost everyone will deny that 'with/without' is what the fighting is all about. My contention is that it is. Most people think the fighting is about the fact that we are right and they are wrong. Most people think that war is about ideology. It's about, 'If only they could learn to live the way we do and be democratic. If only they could change. If only they could become better. Everything would be all.' That's not what it's about. It's quite clear to anyone with half a brain that there is no us and them. We are all us. We're all human beings. Our nationalities should be very — should not even be in the first five items of importance in our lives. Nationality is — is a track that we march down unthinkingly and it leads us nowhere."
On the need for young people to disconnect from the digital age and reconnect with each other:
I think there is a hunger now for a path to open up or a space to open up in front of people that's not full of iPhones, but where they can actually be allowed the information to see what the potential for their lives is, and to see that maybe there is space for love rather than commerce in their lives — maybe there's a possibility that we could organize our society so that we helped each other and not just each other in this country, not just to educate our children so we at least get an educated electorate, but to help people in other countries in the world to recognize that this is a very small fragile planet and we will destroy it if we don't start cooperating with one another. And in order for that cooperation to work, the very rich advanced developed countries are going to have to help the less developed countries. Otherwise we are going to remain in a state of conflict until everyone is dead and it will not take very long."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's Bajaj Auto Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 9.52 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 9.25 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER TOTAL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 63.69 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 53.54 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* CONSENSUS FORECAST FOR DEC QUARTER PROFIT WAS 10.67 BILLION RUPEES
* SAYS CO ON TRACK TO EXCEED ANNUAL EXPORT SALES TARGET FOR YEAR
* SAYS COMMERCIAL VEHICLE DIVISION WOULD EXCEED ANNUAL SALES TARGET FOR YEAR Source text - bit.ly/2s6YZ0D Further company coverage:
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims. Cambodia: Tower of Skulls
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims. Cambodia: Tower of Skulls
THE woman with their baby stares quietly into the camera, their passive gaze perhaps containing some knowledge of the unspeakable horrors that were about to befall them
Shortly after the photograph was taken on the woman's arrival at the infamous Khmer Rouge torture centre S-21 in Phnom Penh, their baby was taken away and killed.
They themselves was doomed, the wife of a Khmer Rouge officer who had fallen out of favour, and to become one of the millions of victims of Cambodia's mass murder of the 1970s.
Until earlier this month, the image of the woman with the short hair, slightly tipped head and
sleeping infant was yours to buy for $199.99 for use in a "marketing package".
In other images a woman, pinned with a number, sits slumped beside their baby, and in another a young boy, number 374, stares terrified at the lens.
Literary publication the Mekong Review has revealed that two stock photo agencies - Alamy and Sprague - were cashing in on the images of the women and other victims of one of history's most appalling atrocities.
Photo of woman and their baby at the Khmer Rouge torture centre before their genocidal murder was on sale as a stock image for profit.
All the people in the black and white photos for sale online died in the Khmer Rouge's Year Zero genocide, more commonly known as Cambodia's Killing Fields.
Publishing the images on Twitter, the Mekong Review wrote: "These portraits were taken by Khmer Rouge cadres before they tortured and killed these people.
"This is wrong ... selling photos of Khmer Rouge victims which they have no copyright on. "No one owns these photos.
"They were taken by members of a regime that was responsible for the death of 2 million people."
The Cambodian genocide began in 1975 when the country's communists called the Khmer Rouge overthrew the democratic government and seized power.
Mekong Review Twitter post about the sale prices and marketing of this Khmer Rouge's victim's image taken before their murder.
Kaing Guek Eav, aka ‘Duch' who ran the S-21 torture centre where the woman and baby died.
Led by five men including the notorious Pol Pot, they established "Year Zero", forcibly evacuating people from the cities back into the countryside and murdering perceived opponents.
Money was abolished, books were burned and the country's intellectual elite including teachers and wealthy traders were slaughtered to realise Pol Pot's dream of an agricultural communist utopia.
Up to three million Cambodians - one quarter of the nation's population - were killed while the country fell into ruin and famine.
Arbitrary executions and torture were carried against perceived subversive members of the Khmer Rouge's own ranks, such as the unfortunate husband of the lady with their baby in the photograph.
Cambodian boy stands by remains of Khmer Rouge genocide victims in Kandal province. Picture: Heng Sinith.
After four years of terror, the Khmer Rouge was removed from power when Vietnamese forces invaded.
Left behind were the skeletons of the many victims and their photographs.
Visitors to Cambodia today can see the thousands of photos taken by the Khmer Rouge of their victims which take up the rooms of the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in the capital, Phnom Penh.
The museum is on the site of the former high school which was used as Security Prison 21, S-21, to torture and kill victims.
A "tower of skulls" can be seen at the Choeung Ek Genocidal Center, the site of a former orchard and mass grave containing 8,895 bodies 17km south of the capital.
The Mekong Review reported that no release form for use of the images had been signed before they were marketed by Alamy and Sprague.
It called into question the practice of selling the images for commercial use on legal and moral grounds.
On Monday, the Mekong Review reported that Alamy and Sprague had now removed the images from their sites.
Images of killing fields genocide victims sold online by stock photo agencies for profit.
Skulls and nones of Killing Fields victims at Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh.
Schoolgirl with photographs of murdered at the Tuol Sleng (S-21) Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh.
Ander Herrera scored one goal, set up another and executed the perfect man-marking job on Eden Hazard to set up Manchester United's 2-0 win over Chelsea that opened up the Premier League title race on Sunday. United didn't even need rested top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic to consign the leaders to.... MaltaIndipendent 5:19:00 AM CEST
Business News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Myjoyonline.com
Elsie Addo Awadzi, Second Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana
The Bank of Ghana (BoG) says the culture of regulatory leniency that once prevailed in the banking sector will not be countenanced going forward.
According to the BoG regulatory compliance in the industry was generally weak, with wanton breaches of regulatory requirements hence the need to sanitize the system.
The Second Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana, Elsie Addo Awadzi said the BoG's statutory mandate which includes the responsibility to promote the stability of the financial system, and to protect the interests of depositors “is a responsibility the management of the Bank of Ghana takes very seriously.”
“In light of this, the culture of regulatory forbearance that once prevailed will not be countenanced,” they added.
Mrs Addo Awadzi was speaking at a stakeholders meeting in Accra on Tuesday under the theme: ‘Building a Resilient Banking Sector to Support a vibrant Ghanaian Economy.”
They said, “The recent closures of UT and Capital Bank, as well as the appointment of an official administrator in respect of uniBank, were evidence of a new approach of enforcing the regulatory framework to help protect the interests of depositors and the financial system as a whole.”
They noted that while the outlook of the banking sector is positive, there are a few pockets of vulnerability in the sector which “we continue to monitor on an active basis to ensure that the banking sector continues to be safe and sound and that depositors' funds remain safe.”
Capital requirement
On the new capital requirement, Mrs Addo Awadzi said the Bank of Ghana “expects all banks to comply with this requirement by the specified date of December 2018.”
They said, “It remains our view that this new capital floor will help make banks stronger and resilient, and position them to better support the Ghanaian economy."
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
International Day of the Girl (IDG) is held annually on 11 October. It is a day to recognise the struggles faced by girls around the world – and raise awareness for new ways in which we can make our communities safer and more equal places for young women.
How was IDG created?
IDG began as a project of Plan International, a non-governmental charity that fights for the rights of children around the world, particularly girls.
Plan felt it was important to have an entire day to celebrate girls and bring light to how they experience inequality.
On 19 December 2011, the United Nations General Assembly voted to pass a resolution adopting 11 October 2012 as the inaugural International Day of the Girl Child.
Why is IDG important?
IDG aims to shine a light on the injustices happening to girls every day, as these struggles are often unseen and unheard.
Some of these struggles include child marriage, sex trafficking, gender-based violence and the denial of other basic human rights. On 11 October we can talk about how we can all contribute to improving equality for girls in our hometowns and abroad.
What are the statistics?
15 million girls under the age of 18 are married each year.
Pregnancy is one of the biggest killers of girls aged 15–19.
An estimated 3 million women and girls worldwide are currently enslaved in the sex trade.
Women aged 15–45 are more likely to be maimed by or die from gender-based violence than from cancer, malaria, traffic accidents and war combined.
In many places girls and young women cannot vote, cannot inherit land and don't have access to justice. Fighting for the rights of girls is central to overcoming poverty and discrimination for all.
How can I take part in IDG?
There are many ways to contribute to IDG. It could be as small as having a discussion with your friends and family about the issues girls face in your community, or getting involved with an organisation that's working towards equality for girls.
International Day of the Girl is all about our community coming together to support girls – which could be in your school, workplace or other groups that you are a part of.
We all have a role to play in creating an equal world.
Image 1: DFID (CC BY 2.0). Image 2: Asian Development Bank (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0) [cropped].
WASHINGTON — Ryan Lizza, who has been the New Yorker's Washington correspondent and an on-air contributor to CNN, was dropped from the publication over what the magazine said was “improper sexual conduct.”
“The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct,” a spokesperson said. “We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further.”
CNN suspended Lizza. A spokesperson said they “have just learned of the New Yorker's decision. Ryan Lizza will not appear on CNN while we look into this matter.”
Recently, Lizza is best known as the reporter who published the details of a conversation they had in late July with Anthony Scaramucci, who was recently named White House communications director. Scaramucci's tenure was short-lived, as their conversation with Lizza was an expletive-laden tirade in which they bashed other White House officials.
Lizza said in a statement that they were “dismayed that The New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate. The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated. I am sorry to my friends, workplace colleagues ,and loved ones for any embarrassment this episode may have caused.”
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 3:08 pm |
The IDF fired back into Gaza after at least one rocket was launched from the Hamas-run enclave at Israeli territory on Monday evening, according to media reports.
B'chasdei shamayim, no injuries were reported.
Although no air raid sirens sounded, at one projectile reportedly landed in an open area near the border fence in the Eshkol region, opposite the southern part of the Gaza Strip.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the rockets, but Israel retaliated with tank fire and an air strike, the army said.
Palestinian media reported that Hamas positions in Khan Younis were hit by the Israeli fire.
“The IDF hold Hamas responsible for these aggressive acts originating from the Gaza Strip,” the IDF said, in keeping with its longstanding policy.
Andro Plus Male Enhancement Along with good times you require think in regards bad times that you have undergone together with ex. Features a would enforce extra strength formula within you in going through your ex after breakdown. Proper stance includes positioning your body to appropriate angle dependent on your swimming preference. For instance anyone has been a lefthanded golfer. http://www.strongtesterone.com/andro-plus-male-enhancement/
Aviron Pictures has acquired “Serenity,” a thriller with Oscar-winners Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway, and “A Private War,” a portrait of Marie Colvin with Oscar-nominee Rosamund Pike playing the legendary war correspondent, Variety has learned. Both films will debut theatrically in the fall of 2018, though a release date still has to be set.
The “Serenity” deal is for U.S. rights only, while the pact for “A Private War” encompasses rights in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K.
“These two films are examples of how we're trying to diversify our slate and work with top rate filmmakers and producers,” said Aviron Pictures President David Dinerstein.
“Serenity” centers on a fishing boat captain (McConaughey) who is forced to grapple with their mysterious past after a glamorous woman (Hathaway) crashes up against their simple life on a small island in the Caribbean and leaves them questioning their reality. Jason Clarke (“Mudbound”), Djimon Hounsou (“In America), and Diane Lane (“Unfaithful”) co-star in the film.
“Serenity” was written and directed by Steven Knight. They previously directed and wrote “Locke” with Tom Hardy and wrote the scripts for the likes of “Dirty Pretty Things” and “Eastern Promises.”
Related Stanley Tucci Joins Rosamund Pike, Jamie Dornan in 'A Private War' (EXCLUSIVE) Tom Hollander Joins Rosamund Pike, Jamie Dornan in 'A Private War'
“Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway have put in stand-out performances, and Steven Knight is crafting a sexy, moody film that will take the audience places they'd never expect to go,” said Dinerstein. “We're proud to add it to our growing slate.”
“A Private War” marks the narrative feature film debut of Matthew Heineman, the director of the acclaimed documentaries “Cartel Land” and “City of Ghosts.” It follows Colvin as they chase stories across the most dangerous battlefields in the world. “A Private War” boasts a screenplay by Arash Amel (“Grace of Monaco”) and co-stars Jamie Dornan, Stanley Tucci and Tom Hollander. Robert Richardson, who won Oscars for the likes of “JFK” and “Hugo,” handled the cinematography.
“Matthew knows this material having been in war zones and having covered conflicts,” said Dinerstein. “It's a thrill to be able to work with Matthew because I have such respect for them as a documentarian and humanitarian.”
Aviron formed in 2017 with backing from BlackRock. Dinerstein has substantial experience in the industry having previously served as the president of Lake Shore Entertainment and as a co-founder of Paramount Classics. Aviron scored a commercial success with “Kidnap,” a thriller with Halle Berry that made $30.7 million when it opened last summer. The goal for the studio is to release up to eight films annually. Upcoming releases include “The Strangers: Prey at Night,” a reboot of the original 2008 horror film with Christina Hendricks; “Three Seconds” a thriller with Joel Kinnaman and Rosamund Pike; and “Destination Wedding” a romantic comedy with Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder.
“Serenity” was produced by Guy Heeley (“The Escape”) and Academy Award winner Greg Shapiro (“The Hurt Locker”). It's the first Hollywood feature to shot on the small Indian Ocean country of Mauritius.
“A Private War” is based on Marie Brenner's 2012 Vanity Fair story “Marie Colvin's Private War.” Thunder Road's Basil Iwanyk (“Sicario”) Kamala Films' Marissa McMahon and Charlize Theron (“Atomic Blonde”)) under their Denver & Delilah Production banner are producing alongside Matthew George's (“Wind River”) Acacia Entertainment and Savvy Media Holdings, who is also financing. Principal photography was completed in Jordan in 2017, followed by a move to the U.K. early in 2018.
“A Private War” was brought to Aviron's attention by The Fyzz Facility, the London-based movie production and finance house run by Wayne Godfrey and Robert Jones. The company financed and executive produced the film.
Global Road is handling foreign sales on “Serenity,” which it financed. Foreign sales on “A Private War” are being overseen by Bloom.
Jason Resnick, the heads of acquisitions at Aviron Pictures, and Will Sadleir, the head of Aviron Capital, were instrumental in the negotiations and closing of the deals on both films.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15, (APP): Adviser to Prime Minister on National History and Literary Heritage (NHLH), Irfan Siddiqui Wednesday in a meeting held here formally approved the proposal submitted by National Book Foundation (NBF) to arrange a three-day annual National Book Fair on April 22 this year.
The meeting was held in the premises of NHLH Division and attended by Secretary NHLH Division, Aamir Hasan, Joint Secretary, Mashhood Mirza, Deputy Secretary (Heritage), Nazir Ahmad, Managing Director NBF, Dr. Inam ul Haq Javed and other officials.
The meeting was held to discuss the arrangements for the three-day National Book Fair which is the part of the NHLH Division' activities to mark National Book Day on April 22.
Adviser to Prime Minister, Irfan Siddiqui said the efforts of NBF for arranging National Book Fair annually were appreciable and National Book Day would be marked with a renewed spirit and zeal this year.
Emphasizing the promotion of book reading culture among younger generation, they said the societies which ignored the importance of books could not achieve progress and development and always lack human and civilizational values.
Dr. Inam ul Haq Javed briefed the Adviser to Prime Minister, Irfan Siddiqui about arrangements for the National Book Fair in detail.
They said around 100 book stalls would be set up in the National Book fair and prominent book publishers and sellers woulf participate in this grand activity.
The next meeting to review the arrangements of National Book Fair will be held during the first week of March.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Facebook Inc's (FB.O) WhatsApp messenger service has responded to a call from India's technology ministry to curb the spread of false information on its platform, saying such a task required a partnership between the pair as well as with society in general.
FILE PHOTO: The WhatsApp messaging application is seen on a phone screen August 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/File Photo
India is WhatsApp's biggest market with over 200 million users. But false information on its app this year has contributed toward the triggering of mass beatings of more than a dozen people, at least three of whom have died.
On Sunday, five more people were lynched in the western state of Maharashtra on suspicion of being child abductors.
The rise in such incidents prompted the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on Tuesday to ask WhatsApp to take immediate steps to prevent the circulation of false information and provocative content.
The ministry also said WhatsApp “cannot evade accountability and responsibility” when such services are abused by users to spread such misinformation.
“Like the Government of India, we're horrified by these terrible acts of violence and wanted to respond quickly to the very important issues you have raised,” WhatsApp said in a letter to the ministry dated July 3 and reviewed by Reuters.
“We believe that false news, misinformation and the spread of hoaxes are issues best tackled collectively: by government, civil society and technology companies working together.”
The messaging service said it is giving users controls and information to help them stay safe, and that it plans to run long-term public safety advertising campaigns.
“As a starting point, we will soon publish new educational materials around misinformation and conduct our news literacy workshops,” WhatsApp said.
The firm has recently added a feature to its app preventing users from re-adding former members of messaging groups, and has enabled group administrators to decide who can send messages. It is also testing the labeling of forwarded messages.
Snapchat's got a new trick to stay one step ahead of Instagram by turning everyone's quick video clips from concerts into a much more watchable music video you control.
Snapchat “Crowd Surf” uses artificial intelligence machine learning technology to analyze when lots of people are all recording the same musical performance at the same time. It can then lace together the different angles while keeping the song playing smoothly so you can choose where to watch from and see more than 10 seconds of footage in a row. You can see a demo recorded by TechCrunch below:
Snap tested out Crowd Surf last night at pop singer Lorde's performance at San Francisco's Outside Lands music festival. When they played their hit “Green Light” and everyone thrusted their phones in the air, Snapchat combined the clips. You can watch the Crowd Surf in the Snapchat “Featured” section below your friends' recent Stories, and tap to see a new angle whenever the flipping phone Crowd Surf icon is lit up.
The result is remarkably fun to watch. You can hop from the center of the crowd to the front row to the side stage to get an immersive look at what it was like to see the concert in person. In fact, I did see the show in person, but Crowd Surf lets me watch how everyone else was enjoying the same moment. Snapchat pioneered the crowdsourced Our Story three years ago at the EDC music fest, and now it's back pushing the bar higher.
Which begs the question…how long until Instagram Stories copies this? Both Snap and Instagram are in a heated war for users, with Snap inventing new features and Facebook's giant Instagram team quickly cloning them to the detriment of Snap's growth.
Each wants to encourage users to submit their posts for public display. Snap lets you syndicate your post to Our Stories before you share it, which then appear in curated Our Stories, search results, and the new Snap Map. Instagram Story Search pulls together posts tagged with locations and hashtags for dedicated Stories about different places and topics.
We've asked Snapchat for more details on how Crowd Surf works. Mashable spotted it this morning. Snapchat previously offered Story Explorer that let you check out similar Snaps to one you enjoyed during a Live Story by analyzing location and time, but not audio.
Crowd Surf is set to be available at more public events in the future, but will require tons of people shooting and submitting Snaps from the same moment. That could limit it to huge events like music festivals, though perhaps it could work for parades, sports events, or political rallies too. And the mere existence of the feature could attract more submissions.
If people think their Snaps could get chosen for Crowd Surfs and get extra viewers, they might be more likely to shoot and share on Snapchat when they're watching a concert.
Here at Undercard Superstar, we're in the business of your business! Just follow our sound betting advice advice, you, too, can shamelessly ring-hunt and not have to worry about money or dignity!
Let's make some cashola.
Israel Adesanya -160 over Brad Tavares ($20)
Gokhan Saki -160 over Khalil Roundtree ($20)
Francis Ngannou -375 over Derrick Lewis ($5)
Andy Vences -2250 over Frank De Alba ($50)
Daniel Cormier +205 over Stipe Miocic ($5)
Tavares is a gamer, and a high-level gatekeeper, but Style Bender is on an absolute roll lately and is posing problems nobody seems to have an answer for. He's a steal at those odds.
Saki brings a skillset nobody in the division can bring, and Roundtree hasn't faced anyone like Saki. For those odds, it's definitely worth a shot. Two fights, both -160, both should be much higher, to me.
Vences is the only huge favorite I'll take here, but this was the underdog of the Fresno card, compared to Ruiz, Kavaliauskas, and Ramirez.
Last Week: $+8.49
Year To Date: $-133.89
-All lines courtesy of Bovada at time of wager.
After breaking out in their psychological thriller “The Witch,” Anya Taylor-Joy is looking to reteam with director Robert Eggers on their new take on a cinematic classic.
Sources tell Variety that the “Split” actor is in negotiations to star in Studio 8's remake of “Nosferatu.”
Eggers are writing and directing the pic. The 1922 silent movie followed the vampire Count Orlok of Transylvania, who wants to buy a house in Germany and becomes enamored of the real-estate agent's wife. It was an unofficial adaptation of Bram Stoker's “Dracula,” and Werner Herzog directed a 1979 remake.
Chris Columbus and Eleanor Columbus will produce.
Egger has already signed a deal with Studio 8 and is attached to direct “The Knight” for the studio. Jon Silk brought the “Nosferatu” project to Studio 8.
Eggers wanted to reteam with Taylor-Joy on the film early in the process, but after they became a bona fide movie star in M. Night Shyamalan's hit “Split,” the young actor' schedule has filled up.  They are currently filming Josh Boone's X-Men film “New Mutants” and is also signed on for the “Split” and “Unbreakable” sequel “Glass,” which also stars James McAvoy, Bruce Willis, and Samuel L. Jackson.
Taylor-Joy is repped by CAA and Troika.
The first time Gary Sinise came to Los Angeles to visit their family, their mother insisted on taking them to Hollywood Boulevard. “She wanted me to see the stars on the Walk of Fame and Grauman's Theater,” recalls Sinise, whose father, a film editor, left Chicago in the mid-'70s for California. “I remember walking down there and seeing the names on the Walk of Fame and the handprints at Grauman's. It had a dreamlike quality.”
So how does the 62-year-old actor feel now that he's receiving their own star on the Walk of Fame on April 17? “A little bit surreal,” they admit with a laugh. “But certainly very nice and flattered and honored.”
Though he's an Oscar nominee who has also accumulated countless awards for their work on stage and the small screen, Sinise is unfailingly modest. He'll mention they “started a theater company with my pals,” not that it's the legendary Steppenwolf Theatre Company, which boasts among its alumni John Malkovich and Joan Allen. Or he'll refer to the success of their previous show “CSI: NY” without saying it was a ratings juggernaut that ran nine seasons. He'll also constantly credit their success to the people they work with, such as with their latest, “Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders.”
“When you're working with good people, it's just so nice,” they say of the CBS show, which is now in its second season. “The folks I work with on that show are just lovely.” They sing the praises of each cast member and adds that audiences will be learning more about their character, Jack Garrett, unit chief of the Intl. Response Team. “I love Sherry Stringfield, who plays my wife on the show. You'll be seeing more of them and my family on the show this season. My son is also an agent, so we'll explore that dynamic.”
“I'm just trying to do what I can to make sure they know they're appreciated and what they do is not taken for granted.” Gary Sinise
When he's not in front of the cameras, Sinise dedicates much of their time to the Gary Sinise Foundation, which has created and supported programs to honor and help veterans of the military. Sinise's commitment goes back to their early days at Steppenwolf, where they sought out the play “Tracers,” written by Vietnam vets, and began The Veterans' Night Preview Series, which is active to this day and has now expanded to include other theaters including Los Angeles' Geffen Playhouse. Sinise says it's important for theater communities to interact with their local veterans. “It's a great intersection of two things that are important to me,” they note. “The entertainment part of my life — my career as an actor — and the veteran support part.”
But after the events of Sept. 11, 2001, Sinise says they “was called to a new level of service.” They say: “That attack was devastating and we had a lot of people responding by signing up to join the military and deploying to Afghanistan and Iraq. I wanted to help them and support them and make sure what happened to our Vietnam veterans when they came home from war — they were treated shamefully with our country turning its back on them — I didn't' want that to happen to our guys. So I started pitching in whenever I could.”
Among its many programs are RISE (Restoring Independence, Supporting Empowerment), which works on home modifications and adaptations to homes for the wounded, and the First Responders Outreach, which supports and provides equipment to firefighters, police officers and EMTs. They also tour worldwide playing with the Lt. Dan Band, named after their character in “Forrest Gump.”
Asked where they find time to do it all and star in a hit series, Sinise simply states, “You gotta sleep on airplanes. That's it.”
Sinise themselves has received military honors from the Navy and Marines, and been named an honorary battalion chief by the New York City Fire Department for their work, but again they downplay the attention and focuses it back on the veterans.
“As a private citizen, I'm just trying to do what I can to make sure they know that they're appreciated and what they do is not taken for granted. I just want them to know that somebody like me cares about them,” they say. “That's it, and if that can help make them feel a little stronger and a little better, then that's a good way to serve.”
Tipsheet
What: Gary Sinise receives a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
When: 11:30 a.m. April 17
Where: 6664 Hollywood Blvd.
Web: walkoffame.com
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
A new season of the World Endurance Championship is nearly upon us and Toyota will be back to chase the title. The automaker has provided a glimpse at the 2017 TS050 Hybrid that it will field in the premier LMP1 class, ahead of the reveal and team presentation on March 31.
This is the car that Toyota hopes will finally earn it victory in the 24 Hours of Le Mans after 18 years of trying. Toyota came painfully close to reaching the goal in 2016 but lost out in the closing minutes due to the failure of a single part.
With Audi pulling out of the WEC, Toyota's only real rival in the LMP1 class will be Porsche.
The 2017 TS050 Hybrid is an update of the car fielded last year (shown below), though we don't have any details on the improvements made.
2016 Toyota TS050 Hybrid LMP1 race car Enlarge Photo
What we can confirm is that Toyota will field two TS050 Hybrids throughout most of the season and three of the cars for the Le Mans and Spa-Francorchamps rounds. The cars will all compete under the Toyota Gazoo Racing banner.
Mike Conway, Kamui Kobayashi and José María López will race the number 7 car throughout the season. Sébastien Buemi, Anthony Davidson and Kazuki Nakajima will compete with the number 8 car, also throughout the season. Toyota's third TS050 Hybrid will race under the number 9, competing only at Le Mans and Spa. Doing the driving will be Stéphane Sarrazin and two other drivers yet to be named.
“I believe this is an exciting time for Toyota Gazoo Racing in endurance racing,” Team President Toshio Sato said in a statement. “Entering three cars for Spa and Le Mans represents a new challenge for our team—we are working hard to be prepared and we are inspired to win.”
The first race of the new season is the 6 Hours of Silverstone on April 16. The 24 Hours of Le Mans will run the weekend starting June 17.
YAHOO NEWS:
The FBI is investigating four Honolulu police officers who are accused of forcing a man to place their mouth on a urinal inside a public restroom, according to the police department's top official.
Honolulu Police Chief Susan Ballard said another officer reported the suspected misconduct after the officers responded to a complaint Sunday afternoon of a person trespassing in the restroom.
“If true, these allegations violate the core values the HPD stands for,” Ballard said. “Our officers are sworn to uphold the right of all persons, and I expect every officer to treat every member of the public fairly and with respect. Personally, I am appalled at the behavior, if it is true, and appropriate action will be taken.”
Coke Studio, the biggest and leading music platform in the country, officially launched the brand-new module, Coke Studio Explorer, with the release of its first song ‘Pareek' featuring a Kalash-based duo of friends, Ariana and Amrina.
With ‘Pareek'. Coke Studio Explorer and producers Ali Hamza and ZohaibKazi bring a very special story of two girls, Ariana and Amrina, from the snowcapped remote mountains of the Kalash Valley of Chitral District, located between the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
They represent the small ethnic community of around 4000 indigenous Kalasha people – known for their unique yet vibrant culture and diverse language. Born in the Bamburet Valley, Ariana and Amrina have been exposed to music and folklore as part of their culture and tradition, since birth. Their love for music is so deeply embedded that Ariana, named Farsi Gul at birth, changed their name earlier this year after being inspired by the music of international star, Ariana Grande.
Recorded inside a small wooden cabin in freezing temperatures, ‘Pareek' marks their first commercial collaboration. The age-old folklore is a story of love, persuading the companion to ‘Pareek', translating to ‘let's go!”.
Share on: WhatsApp
A new species of dinosaur discovered in Mexico
Hackers can unlock your home's front door with in
A block of flats in Oxford been set on fire in a
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
ISRO sends 104 satellites in one go breaking Russ
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new dinosaur species has been discovered in Mexico after a 10-year expedition in the region.
Mexico's acclaimed Desert Museum recently unveiled its latest attraction, the remains of a new dinosaur species called Yehuecauhceratops mudei (meaning ancient horned face).
The dinosaur was native to the country's northern desert region and was discovered by a group of paleontologists during a decade-long dig that also included a team of 40 specialists from Germany.
The first remains of the dinosaur were found early in 2017 in the Ejido La Salada area of the desert in the state of Coahuila, delighting local paleontologists and the scientific community.
(Photo: CEN/Museo del Desierto)
(Photo: Facebook)
Following the discovery, experts have managed to reconstruct around 60 percent of the dinosaur's skeleton.
Hector Rivera, head of the palaeontology department at the Desert Museum, said researchers immediately noticed that the fossils did not appear to be the same as other dinosaur species.
The expedition was carried out in four phases, with experts concluding that the dinosaur dates back to around 73 million years ago.
(Photo: CEN/Museo del Desierto)
It was relatively small and a herbivore, roaming the region when it was coastal and floodplain grazing marsh.
Four other unique dinosaur fossils have been found in the same area, including the flying reptile Pterosaur.
Palaeontologists believe there are still many more dinosaurs to be uncovered in Coahuila.
The newest species is of the genus of the horned centrosaurine ceratopsid from the Late Cretaceous period.
A replica of the dinosaur will be unveiled at the Desert Museum in late February.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Georgia's three international airports served more than 3.8 million passengers in the 11 months of 2017 which is by 62% more that the number of people who have used the services of the Armenian airports in the reporting period.
The passenger traffic in the Georgian airports grew by 44.4% year-on-year, while that in the two Armenian airports grew by 21.8% in January-November against the same period last year.
Overall, more than 2,3 million people used the services of Zvartnots airport in the capital city, Yerevan, and Shirak airport in the northern city of Gyumri.
Students and teachers are heading back to school, and beyond the normal textbooks, pencils, and backpacks, going back to school also requires some tech to help keep organized and on track. If you haven't already, make sure you check out our Back-To-School Gift Guide for gift ideas for your friends and family. In the meantime, we're going to make this season a little easier and hopefully more fun for one student and one teacher in our community! We are giving away TWO prizes, each with a Samsung Chromebook Plus and a OnePlus Travel Messenger Bag!
We're hoping to award these to one student and one teacher, so head down to the contest below and nominate someone to win! (Yes, it can be yourself if you're a student or teacher.)
THE PRIZE: TWO Android Central readers will be taking home a new 12.3-inch Samsung Chromebook Plus and a OnePlus Travel Messenger Bag!
THE GIVEAWAY: Head down to the widget at the bottom of this page. There are multiple ways to enter, each with varying point values. Complete all of the tasks for maximum entries and your best shot at winning! Keep in mind that all winning entries are verified and if the task was not completed or cannot be verified, a new winner will be chosen. International winners will be responsible for any customs fees incurred during shipping.
The giveaway is open until September 4, 2017, and the winner will be announced right here after the closing date. Good luck!
Are you a Student or Teacher? Enter to win a Chromebook from Android Central!
Monday, August 14, 2017
CHRISTCHURCH, NEW ZEALAND—A fruitcake that predates the outbreak of World War I has been discovered in Antarctica, according to a report from BBC News. The 106-year-old delicacy was found by a team from the New Zealand–based Antarctica Heritage Trust on Cape Adare. It is thought to have belonged to British explorer Robert Falcon Scott. The tin holding the cake was somewhat rusty, but the cake itself was found to be in good condition—and even smelled edible. The cake was uncovered in Antarctica's oldest building, a hut built in 1899 by a team led by Norwegian explorer Carsten Borchgrevink and used by Scott during their 1911 Terra Nova expedition. Scott was known to have been fond of the fruitcake, which was made by the biscuit company Huntley and Palmers. Conservators have uncovered some 1,500 items in the hut, including well-preserved jams and poorly preserved meat and fish. Although Scott and their team reached the South Pole, a Norwegian team got there just over a month ahead of them, and Scott and four of their team members died on their return to the base. For more, go to “The Third Reich's Arctic Outpost.”
ENTERTAINMENT
South Korea's rookie girl group Gugudan will hold its first-ever overseas fan meeting in Singapore next month, its star agency said Monday.
The group will meet its international fans in the "Gugudan Live Show in Singapore 2017" at MasterCard Theatres at Marina Bay Sands, Singapore, on Sept. 27, Jellyfish Entertainment said.
(Jellyfish Entertainment)
Debuting last year, Gugudan has released two albums and recently launched its first sub-unit "Gugudan Ogu Ogu" with members Mina and Hyeyeon, backed by the popularity of the band.Of the group's nine members, Sejeong has been appearing on the KBS 2TV series "School 2017" as the female lead Ra Eun-ho. Member Mina was recently cast as young Han Ye-seul in "20th Century Boy and Girl," a new MBC TV series set to premiere next month.Ahead of its Singapore event, Gugudan is to hold its first event for local fans in southern Seoul on Sept. 9 at 6 p.m. (Yonhap)
WASHINGTON -- The rare secret meetings the United States and North Korea held about a long-detained American student are unlikely to lead to resumption of broader nuclear talks as long as three other US citizens are held in the communist nation, experts said Wednesday.
Amb. Joseph Yun, US special representative for North Korea policy, held a meeting in Oslo with senior North Korean diplomats last month and another in New York over the detained American citizens in what is believed to be the first time officials of the two countries have met face-to-face in perhaps years.
(Yonhap)
During the course of the meetings, North Korea confessed that one of the four hostages, University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier, had been in a coma for more than a year, and President Donald Trump dispatched Yun to Pyongyang to bring the 22-year-old home after 17 months in captivity.The secret meetings came as tensions are running high between Washington and Pyongyang, with the North carrying out a series of ballistic missile tests and the US working hard to drive up pressure on the regime, and spurred speculation the two sides might be closer to resuming long-stalled nuclear talks.But experts said such chances are not high."It is too early to predict how the situation will develop. I do not think political level talks will be sustainable without the release of the other three American detainees," Scott Snyder, chief Korea analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations, said.The Washington Post reported that while approving Yun's meetings with the North Koreans, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was "adamant that Yun participate in the meetings only under the precondition that the detained Americans be the focus of the agenda."The paper expressed outrage over Warmbier's comatose condition, raising suspicions that they could have gone through "horrendous mistreatment" in the North. In an editorial, it also called for the Trump administration to rev up sanctions on the North.Robert Manning, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, said that the North's detention of a comatose student for more than a year "shows they have sunk to a lower level of depravity than I imagined.""What if they had died in captivity? It is both callous and really dumb on their part, sending a clear message -? we don't care if they live or dies," Manning said.As to the possibility of talks resuming, the expert said the North does not appear ready for negotiations."Talking is always better than not talking. But I see little indication that they are serious about restarting denuclearization talks. They walked away from the September 2005 accord, so the ball is in their court. They must demonstrate sincerity," they said.If the North wants to restart talks, it should demonstrate its seriousness with tangible signs, such as a moratorium on nuclear and missile testing, they said."But for starters, if they don't resolve these humanitarian concerns and release the three American hostages, it is difficult to see why we should take them seriously in regard to dialogue," Manning said.Alan Romberg, a distinguished fellow at the Stimson Center, also said he's pessimistic about the prospects of talks."If North Korea has something constructive to say about nuclear issues, I assume we will listen. But the fact that North Korea held Mr. Warmbier for a year without adequate medical treatment will create a very negative climate for any talks, even setting aside their detention in the first place," they said.The three other detainees are all Korean-American men. Two of them, Kim Hak-song and Kim Sang-dok, were detained earlier this year, while the third, Kim Dong-chul, was arrested in October 2015 and sentenced to 10 years of hard labor on charges of espionage and subversion.American visitors have often been detained in North Korea on charges of anti-state and other unspecified crimes. The widespread views are that the communist nation has used the detentions as bargaining chips in its negotiations with Washington.Kenneth Bae, a Korean-American missionary, served two years of detention in the North before being released in November 2014 when then-US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper made a secret trip to Pyongyang to win their release and that of another US detainee. (Yonhap)
EUGENE, Ore. — Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No. 6 Oregon over No. 25 California 91-54 on Friday night.
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was their 11th of the season.
It was Oregon's largest margin of victory in a conference game this season.
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- Matthew Stafford still has "no timetable" on when they might sign a new contract extension with the Detroit Lions, but the quarterback said Wednesday that they aren't concerned about what happens with Oakland quarterback Derek Carr and Washington's Kirk Cousins.
"I'm not too worried about what those guys do," Stafford said after minicamp Wednesday. "I'm just worried about trying to get better out here. That's pretty much all I can say. This time of year, to me, is football time.
"I'm out here, playing football trying to get better to help this team win."
Stafford wouldn't answer whether they would actually sign a deal before Carr or Cousins, saying they had no timetable for a deal when asked whether they would get one done before them. One of the three quarterbacks -- depending on who signs when -- could end up signing the richest per-year deal in NFL history.
The 29-year-old Stafford, according to rumors, could end up with an average salary of more than $25 million per year -- which would be a first for an NFL quarterback.
Lions QB Matthew Stafford has set almost every franchise passing record, including career passing yards (30,303) and touchdown passes (187), since being drafted with the No. 1 overall pick in 2009. AP Photo/Seth Wenig
They said Wednesday that it's not something they think about, though. Stafford, who is in the final year of their deal, will have made $127,278,969 over the lifetime of both of their contracts at the end of 2017.
"The only time I ever talk about it or think about it is when you guys ask me questions about it, honestly," Stafford said. "I just go out there and play ball, try to be aggressive and play better."
In April, Stafford said they "would love to" stay in Detroit and get a long-term deal done with the Lions, who drafted them No. 1 overall in 2009. Since then, he's set almost every franchise passing record, including career passing yards (30,303) and touchdown passes (187).
Stafford has also said in the past that they have watched teams give quarterbacks lucrative contracts and still put competitive teams on the field.
"I know every year teams find ways to put good teams around good quarterbacks," Stafford said in April. "You see it every year. So I'm not too worried about that. I know salary caps and all that kind of stuff is as malleable as you want it to be.
"So I think you just go and try to make a good decision not only for the player but the team and go from there."
Lions general manager Bob Quinn has said multiple times they would like Stafford to be the franchise's quarterback in the long term.
Charlotte is expected to hire Virginia assistant Ron Sanchez as its next coach, sources told ESPN.
Sanchez was an assistant coach on Tony Bennett's staff for three years at Washington State and the past nine in Charlottesville. Virginia was upset in the first round last week by 16th-seeded UMBC after winning both the ACC regular-season and tournament titles.
Sanchez will replace former NBA player Mark Price, who was fired midway through the season after just 2½ years at the helm.
Longtime athletic director Judy Rose was replaced by Mike Hill, who came over from Florida and was looking for a young assistant to revive a program that hasn't gone to the NCAA tournament since 2005 when Bobby Lutz was the head coach.
TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States, Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday, Japan's Maritime Self-Defence Force said, as tensions rise in the region over North Korea's fast-developing weapons programmes.
The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills last week, which the North said made the outbreak of war “an established fact”.
North Korea has fired missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.
This week's exercises will be the sixth drills sharing information in tracking ballistic missiles among the three nations, the defence force said.
It did not say whether the controversial THAAD system would be involved. The installation of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in South Korea has angered China, which fears its powerful radar could look deep into China and threaten its own security.
North Korea's missile test last month prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea's leadership would be “utterly destroyed” if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests.
The United States has also pressured China and other nations to cut trade and diplomatic ties with North Korea, as part of international efforts to dry up Pyongyang's illegal cash flows that could fund its weapons programmes.
On Sunday, South Korea said it would impose new unilateral sanctions on 20 institutions and a dozen individuals in North Korea, barring any financial transactions between those sanctioned and any South Koreans.
“This unilateral sanction will prevent illegal funds flowing to North Korea and contribute to reinforce international communities' sanctions against North Korea,” South Korea's finance ministry said in a statement.
The move is largely symbolic as trade and financial exchanges between the two Koreas have been barred since May 2010 following the torpedoing of a South Korean warship, which the North denied.
Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the ministry plans to include 730 million yen ($6.4 million) to help build a new missile interceptor system, the Aegis Ashore, in its next fiscal year budget request, public broadcaster NHK reported.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States and says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War.
($1 = 113.4800 yen)
President Donald Trump pumps their fist as they arrive at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
Evan Vucci, AP
A federal judge in Washington has tossed out a lawsuit claiming President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign conspired with Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee.
However, Judge Ellen Huvelle wrote that their ruling was "not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election."
The ruling came hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee said it agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government tried to undercut Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while promoting Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Huvelle, an appointee of former President Bill Clinton, said the conspiracy claims in the lawsuit centered around meetings between Trump staffers and Russian operatives in New York, making New York the proper place for the lawsuit. New York, however, does not recognize the specific tort claims pressed in the suit.
The suit was filed on behalf of DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum and former DNC staffer Scott Comer. It claims the hack invaded their privacy, attempted to inflict emotional distress and violated their right to support the candidate of their choice.
More: Senate panel says Russia intervened in 2016 election to help Trump
More: House panel subpoenas FBI agent who wrote anti-Trump texts
The lawsuit alleges that computer hackers working on behalf of the Russian government hacked into the email systems of the DNC and obtained "voluminous amounts of data," including emails and other documents sent to and from thousands of individuals.
They claim the hack was "part of a deliberate campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump" and that the Trump campaign, specifically former operative Roger Stone, conspired with unidentified Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails.
Almost 20,000 emails were published in July 2016, days before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Some suggested that the Democratic National Committee had been working behind the scenes to ensure Clinton was nominated over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ultimately resigned under pressure amid the ensuing controversy.
Protect Democracy, which filed the suit, said it was examining its options regarding an appeal or refiling somewhere else.
"While we are disappointed in and respectfully disagree with today's decision from the District Court to dismiss this case on the grounds that it does not belong in Washington, D.C., this case is far from over," the group said in a statement.
U.S. intelligence agencies, in a 2017 report, wrote that Russian President Vladimir Putin "ordered an influence campaign backing Trump in the 2016 election. The report said Moscow had a "clear preference" for Trump and sought to undercut Clinton while also undermining the U.S. democratic process.
Trump has conducted an unrelenting social media attack on a separate, criminal investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the allegations.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
LYON: At least four people died in the French Alps on Monday when an avalanche engulfed nine people who were in an off-piste area near the ski resort of Tignes, rescue services said.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Feb 2 (Reuters) - LIVECHAT SOFTWARE SA:
* NUMBER OF CLIENTS USING PAID VERSION OF LIVECHAT AT 23,370 AS OF FEB. 1 VERSUS 18,316 YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Source: Journalists launch investigative website – The Zimbabwe Independent October 6, 2017
A NETWORK of local journalists has launched a new independent investigative journalism website, ZimFerrets, with the support of Media Institute of Southern Africa (Misa) Zimbabwe and Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa (Osisa).
Staff Writer.
The new investigative journalism website is www.zimferrets.com
“We started operating this week even though we have been working since July this year; it's still work in progress,” co-ordinator of the online investigative platform Farai Mutsaka said yesterday. “Our platform derives its name not from the domesticated polecat used chiefly for catching rabbits, but from the idea of an assiduous search for something; in this case facts and the truth.
“Our symbol is a honey badger, one of the most fearless animals in the world.
“We are working with Misa and Osisa. We will also rely on goodwill, donations and online advertising.”
Mutsaka added: “The main reason we are there is to promote and advance investigative journalism in Zimbabwe, working with other regional and international networks to speak truth to power and hold the powerful to account. We will expose abuse of office and corruption in the public and private sectors, as well as society in general.
“Our aim is to bring journalists from different media organisations, platforms and countries in the region together in a powerful network; eliminating negative competition and rivalry while promoting collaboration to offer the public a good news service. Hence, we will work with all media houses in Zimbabwe and like-minded networks in the region and beyond.”
On its website, ZimFerrets says: “Basically, our function is to ferret around and reveal the facts and truth on major issues of public interests. We will dig around to bring up the facts many people and entities would rather want to keep hidden to protect themselves against public scrutiny.
“Our main areas of interest are covering the local political economy, use and distribution of public resources, social services delivery and geopolitical economics, as well as exercise of power and corruption. In the process, we seek to expose practices by individuals, corporates and government, as well as civil society and other organisations which are harmful to people and society. As a public watchdog, the public interest and public good will be paramount in our operations.
“In other words, we will shine the light in dark corners, while reporting in a factual, accurate, balanced, fair and truthful, as well as non-selective way. This is critical in any society to ensure transparency, accountability and progress.”
Angus Pacala has had a lifelong passion for autonomous cars going all the way back to high school. A little more than a decade ago, they followed the launch of the DARPA Grand Challenge, a Department of Defense competition that pitted research teams against each other over who could build the best autonomous car. Stanford won the challenge in 2005, which is “one of the reasons I went there,” Pacala said.
Their first-year student year, they met Mark Frichtl, who was similarly interested in autonomous cars. The two took classes and worked on problem sets together, eventually working with each other at Quanergy, which Pacala had co-founded. Now, they are putting their collective talents together in a new venture called Ouster to bring affordable LiDAR sensors to the world.
Ouster today announced a $27 million series A fundraise led by Cox Enterprises, whose Cox Automotive division owns and offers a variety of auto services including the well-known Kelley Blue Book and AutoTrader.com.
Few areas of research are as important to the viability of fully autonomous cars as sensors — the actual physical hardware which evaluates the space around a vehicle and provides the raw data for machine learning algorithms to control the car without a human driver.
While visible light cameras, radar, and infrared sensors have been used by various engineering teams to build a physical map around a vehicle, the key component for nearly all autonomous car platforms is LiDAR. As Devin described on TechCrunch in an overview earlier this year, the technology, which has been around for decades, has become one of the key linchpins to successfully building L4 and L5 fully-autonomous vehicles.
There is just one challenge: essentially only one company makes the technology for production scale — Velodyne, which is based in the Valley. The company announced just a few weeks ago that it is quadrupling production of its main LiDAR product due to demand from autonomous car manufacturers. However, the prices for many of its sensors remain out-of-reach for most consumer applications, with some of the company's most advanced sensors costing tens of thousands of dollars.
For Pacala, that price barrier has been a major challenge and ultimately gets at the mission of Ouster. “Our long term vision is to push LiDAR from being a research product to being in every consumer automobile,“ they said.
Ouster hopes that its first product, a 64-channel LiDAR sensor called OS1, which will be priced at $12,000, is that solution. The company says that the product is dramatically lighter, smaller, and uses less power than other competitors. It's also shipping now.
Improving the performance of the sensor while also lowering its sticker price wasn't a simple challenge. Pacala emphasized that technology wasn't the entire solution. “While we can talk about the nitty-gritty of technology, the other side is not just the fundamental technology, but the design for manufacturability that really makes this lower cost while maintaining the performance” of the sensor.
That's one of the reasons they chose the venture partners they did. “This isn't just a typical list of Sand Hill investors. There is a time and place for this sort of investors, but we saw an opportunity to expand our reach by having investors who are much more attuned to the auto industry,” Pacala said. “VCs that are located in Detroit and who talk to OEMs day in and day out” had more to offer the company at this stage.
Ouster is setting an aggressive timeline to scale out its manufacturing. It intends to ramp up production heavily in the new year, targeting a thousand units a month in January and getting to ten thousand units a month by the end of June.
Certainly speed is of the essence. Venture capitalists around the world have been heavily funding automotive sensing technology over the past two years, including large rounds into Valley-based Luminar, Israel-based Oryx Vision, and China-based Hesai. But Pacala is sanguine about the company's chances. “We have delivered first and then talked second, which is why you haven't heard anything about us until now.” They hope the heavy emphasis on getting manufacturing right early on will give them a lead in the race for your automobile.
In addition to Cox Enterprises, Fontinalis, Amity Ventures, Constellation Technology Ventures, Tao Capital Partners, and Carthona Capital also participated in to fundraise.
Featured Image: Ouster
“Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom” will get its theatrical release in China on June 15, 2018. That is a week ahead of its outing in North America.
The date puts it firmly in the pack of international releases that start with France, the U.K., and South Korea on June 8. Further roll-outs continue in Latin America and Hong Kong from June 21. North America sees the film in theaters on June 22.
“Fallen Kingdom” is backed by Steven Spielberg's Amblin Partners, which counts China's Alibaba Pictures among its equity investors. Other Chinese components include its production by Legendary Entertainment, which is owned by China's Dalian Wanda, and finance from China's Perfect World Pictures, which has a slate financing deal with Universal Pictures.
The previous “Jurassic World” earned a massive $229 million in China, accounting for roughly a fifth of the film's international cumulative. It was released in June 2015 as part of a coordinated international pattern.
The new film is directed by J.A. Bayona, from a script co-written by Colin Trevorrow, who is already announced to return as director for a third film in the revived franchise. The cast is headed by Bryce Dallas Howard, Jeff Goldblum, and Chris Pratt.
Universal Studios Beijing, a massive theme park outside the Chinese capital, is currently under construction and set to open in 2020.
Baghdad
Iraqi forces have retaken around two thirds of the eastern half of Mosul from the ISIL group since the start of an offensive in mid-October, a top commander said Sunday.
They were speaking from their headquarters northeast of Mosul, where IS proclaimed a “caliphate” in June 2014 after seizing the city.
Iraq's elite CTS forces are the best-equipped, best-trained and most seasoned forces in the country but the going has been tough since Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced the beginning of an operation to retake Mosul on October 17 last year.—Agencies
We have officially reached the rumor season (#RumorSzn) section of the NBA calendar, and with the 2018 NBA Draft approaching, the Boston Celtics and their still-hefty treasure trove of assets will continue to be a focus of many rumors.
Most recently, the Celtics have been tied to Texas big man Mohamed Bamba -- a freakishly-sized 7-footer with a 7-foot-10 wingspan. According to Sean Deveney of the Sporting News, the Celtics have "expressed interest" in Bamba, which would require a trade high into the lottery.
How the Celtics would go about that deal is unclear. Bamba will likely go in the top 5-7 and could go as high as three to the Atlanta Hawks. It is incredibly unlikely Boston would deal Jayson Tatum after their impressive postseason or Jaylen Brown, who is a perfect modern player who turned themselves into a borderline star this past summer and still has a lot of room to improve.
More likely to be dealt is point guard Terry Rozier, although both the Memphis Grizzlies and Dallas Mavericks currently have starting point guards. But if the Celtics wanted to make a move, they could try to package Rozier and future picks to move up, including next year's Grizzlies pick, or even the Kings pick if they believe Bamba is their future.
But late May draft reports are subject to a ton of shifting parts and change. Bamba certainly isn't the only prospect the Celtics interviewed in Chicago who will be picked well before 27, and they probably aren't the only one who piqued their interest. Whether they decide to stand pat at 27 or try to put together a package to move up remains to be seen, but it's hard to see how shaking up a team that looks like it's a star away (with two stars joining the roster next season) makes any sense.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Virtus Investment Partners Inc:
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS ANNOUNCES INVESTMENT IN SUSTAINABLE GROWTH ADVISERS
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS - ENTERED INTO AGREEMENT TO BUY MAJORITY INTEREST IN SUSTAINABLE GROWTH ADVISERS
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS - EXPECTS TO FINANCE TRANSACTION USING BALANCE SHEET RESOURCES, AVAILABLE CAPACITY ON CREDIT FACILITY, AMONG OTHERS
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT - WOULD PURCHASE EQUITY INTEREST HELD BY ESTANCIA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT & A PORTION OF EQUITY HELD BY SGA‘S PARTNERS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Rep. Yoo Seong-min of the Bareun Party said Wednesday the assassination of the North Korean leader's half brother should be a wake-up call about the regime's unpredictable nature.
Yoo, a potential presidential candidate, said South Korea should be ready and resolved to deal with the dangerous enemy, calling for an expanded deployment of and advanced US missile shield in the country.
Rep. Yoo Seong-min of the Bareun Party speaks during a meeting at the National Assembly in Seoul on Feb. 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
"(The assassination) again showed the Kim Jong-un group can conduct unimaginable provocations at any time," Yoo said.Sources said Kim Jong-nam, the 45-year-old eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, was killed after being poisoned in Malaysia on Monday.The incident came amid heightened tension after North Korea fired a new intermediate-range ballistic missile called the Pukguksong-2 on Sunday from an air base in its northwestern province.The lawmaker said the latest developments proved Seoul's need to host the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, which the US military is scheduled to deploy in Seongju, a rural southeastern county, this year.Yoo said South Korea should operate at least two to three THAAD batteries with its own budget.Opposition parties object to the deployment, raising doubts about its efficiency and citing deteriorating ties with China, which vehemently opposes a US missile shield being placed in a neighboring country. (Yonhap)
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani proposed to parliament on Sunday a conservative state budget of about $104 billion for next year, with the outlook for the economy and state revenues clouded by tensions with the United States.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani attends a meeting of the Social Council of Iran, in Tehran, Iran, October 31, 2017. President.ir/Handout via REUTERS
Rouhani announced a draft budget for the Iranian year starting next March 21 of 3,681 trillion rials ($103.9 billion at the official exchange rate), excluding the spending of state enterprises.
That is up about 6 percent from the budget plan for the current year, but since inflation is running at nearly 10 percent, the budget extends the conservative fiscal policy which Rouhani introduced after taking office in 2013.
In a speech broadcast live by state television, Rouhani described the budget as one that would work towards full employment, eliminating poverty and creating social justice.
After struggling for years under sanctions, Iran's economy picked up in 2016 after most restrictions were removed under a deal with world powers on its nuclear programme. Gross domestic product grew 12.5 percent last year, according to the International Monetary Fund.
But that leap in growth was almost entirely due to a surge in the oil sector as Iran became able to increase its oil exports; the rest of the economy, which is more important to the welfare of most Iranians, improved much less. The IMF projects growth of just 3.5 percent this year.
Unemployment, officially put at around 12.5 percent, is a major cause of public concern and Rouhani said in their speech that 840,000 people would enter the job market next year.
Rouhani is under pressure to boost economic growth and create jobs as their hardline opponents, who were against the nuclear agreement, say they have failed to improve living standards as much as hoped after the lifting of sanctions.
U.S. President Donald Trump, who has taken a hawkish approach towards Iran, has said Tehran's missile programme should be curbed and wants to punish Iran over its roles in Yemen and Syria.
Trump has also dealt a blow to the nuclear deal by disavowing Iran's compliance with its terms, and the U.S. Congress may re-impose sanctions or impose new sanctions. This threat has deterred many foreign banks and companies from doing business with Iran.
As in past years, the draft budget shows spending and revenues in balance, although the actual result will depend on fluctuations in oil prices. Next year's budget assumes oil prices of about $55 per barrel, Iranian news agencies reported, up from about $50 assumed for the current year's budget.
The total draft budget, including state enterprises, amounts to 11,949 trillion rials, according to the text of the proposed plan published by Iranian news agencies.
The draft budget has to be passed by parliament and approved by a clerical body that vets legislation before it becomes law.
Capitals defenceman Brooks Orpik reached out to Roman Polak on Monday to see how the Leafs' defenceman was doing.
It was Orpik's hit — a good clean one — in Game 2 that resulted in Polak's season ending prematurely with an awkward fall that severely twisted their right foot.
“I just reached out to them and told them good luck with the recovery,” said Orpik. “You try to wear guys down during a series and hope they're a little sore from the physical contact, but you don't ever wish an injury on somebody.”
In the Washington room, Kevin Shattenkirk, T.J. Oshie (both with the Blues) and Daniel Winnik (with the Leafs) told Laich what a good teammate Polak was.
“I've heard nothing but good things about them as a teammate and as a guy. It sucks missing games at any point in the season,” said Orpik. “But you play 82 games to set yourself up to play in the playoffs. . . . These are the games you really look forward to and that's obviously disappointing not to be able to play. I missed a few with a concussion last year and you feel you are letting people down, no matter if it's in your control or not.”
Jeff Goodman reacts to the news that Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski will undergo lower back surgery on Friday. The intent is for them to return this season. (1:39)
The top player in the Duke Blue Devils' first-year student class missed 11 games with an unexpected preseason knee surgery. Two other wheels on that hot rod of a rookie crew also missed time with injuries. With one ill-timed foot-jerk reaction, its Wooden Award candidate earned themselves an indefinite ride on the bench and the end of their team captaincy.
And now its Hall of Fame coach is out for up to four weeks.
Still think Duke gets all the breaks?
What began as a charmed season for the Blue Devils, starting atop the preseason polls thanks to an embarrassing largesse of talent and experience, has devolved into a whirling dervish of chaos in Durham.
And make no mistake: This latest injury report -- Mike Krzyzewski will have back surgery to repair a herniated disc on Friday and could miss up to four weeks -- is the most significant.
Editor's Picks Duke's Krzyzewski to undergo back surgery Mike Krzyzewski will coach Wednesday against Georgia Tech and then step away for surgery on a herniated disk, which has an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
College hoops Power Rankings: Some ACC names to know OK, you know all about Duke and North Carolina and Louisville. But it's time to look a little deeper into the ACC, because if you forget about Florida State (and Virginia Tech), you'll be sorry.
Revised All-American teams: A different Blue Devil arrives When it came time to revise our preseason All-American teams, you expected a Duke player (or two) on the first team. Raise your hand if you thought it would be Luke Kennard. 2 Related
Krzyzewski may not have scored a point or dished an assist in more than four decades, but they are the one absence you simply cannot X and O around. No disrespect to Jeff Capel, who will slide over to Krzyzewski's seat and who has been a successful head coach, but you don't simply call up the next guy on the bench to replace your Hall of Fame, 1,000-plus game-winning the greatest coach of all time -- especially not now.
With Grayson Allen's tripping tendency still a hot-button issue and their punishment still open-ended with the jaws of the ACC season about to open wide, what Duke desperately needs right now is stability. There's not a more reliable visage in college hoops than Krzyzewski's poker face.
Twelve Final Four appearances, five national titles and three gold medals tend to act like a soothing balm to even the most frenetic teams.
Not that the Blue Devils are in a tailspin. Truth be told, considering all of the upheaval, their 12-2 record is pretty remarkable.
Nothing has come easy for Mike Krzyzewski this season. AP Photo/Gerry Broome
But they are at a critical and potentially vulnerable juncture.The school said that Krzyzewski could be out for up to four weeks, which could mean missed dates with three ranked opponents (Louisville, Florida State and Notre Dame) and potentially four road games.
And that's being conservative and sticking strictly to the four-week window. Back injuries, however, can be notoriously tricky, and Krzyzewski, who has lived with one for decades, needs to put themselves above the team here. They owe it to themselves to heal properly.
But while they recover, it will fall to Capel to navigate Duke through this tricky period. The Blue Devils are coming off a humbling 14-point loss to Virginia Tech. While it would be easy to pin the loss on the absence of Allen, that would also both discredit the Hokies and overlook the fact that Duke couldn't defend a doorpost. Virginia Tech shot 61 percent from beyond the arc, and the Blue Devils' defense was so porous that Krzyzewski went to a zone.
That needs to be fixed -- and quickly. The reality is that the calendar may say January, but for the Blue Devils it's more like mid-November. Earlier this season Krzyzewski said that their team could barely hold a normal practice, what with all of the guys out (Allen missed time with a toe injury, too). That the bulk of the injuries have hit unseasoned freshmen doesn't help. As good as they are, Harry Giles, who has played in just three games and Jayson Tatum and Marques Bolden, who have appeared in six apiece, are still working through the learning curve.
And now they've lost their teacher.
Some would argue that coaches don't score a bucket, don't pull down a rebound and their effect on a team, especially on a well-greased machine of a team such as Duke, is minimal. But there's a reason that Kentucky went from zero to 90 as fast as you can say Billy Gillispie to John Calipari. And there's a reason Syracuse went from 4-5 a year ago under Mike Hopkins to the Final Four once Jim Boeheim returned from suspension.
Anyone can draw up a play on a whiteboard or shove a practice plan in their hip pocket.
But if it were that easy, everyone would be Nick Saban or Bill Belichick.
Or Mike Krzyzewski.
In 1995, Krzyzewski missed the final 19 games of the season, and a 9-3 Blue Devil start was followed by a 4-15 nosedive. After a particularly devastating two-point loss to Maryland, the Duke point guard at the time said, "When [Krzyzewski] was with us, we felt like we could win those games."
The point guard's name was Jeff Capel.
Now it's Capel's turn to sub in for their old coach.
In a charmed season turned chaotic for Duke, this will be the biggest challenge for the Blue Devils yet.
Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti said Ozzie Newsome will step down as GM after the 2018 season. (0:57)
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Ozzie Newsome will step down as the Baltimore Ravens general manager after the 2018 season and Eric DeCosta will replace him, owner Steve Bisciotti said at the annual "State of the Ravens" address Friday.
Editor's Picks Ravens' Bisciotti considered firing Harbaugh Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti says they considered firing head coach John Harbaugh after the team missed the postseason for the third straight year.
Newsome, 61, made the decision to hand over top personnel role over DeCosta after the 2013 season, when they signed a five-year extension. Since becoming the team's top decision maker after the franchise's move from Cleveland to Baltimore, Newsome has been the architect for two Super Bowl championship teams (2000 and 2012).
"Ozzie will step down as GM and has assured me that he's not going anywhere," Bisciotti said. "He will work with me and work with Eric for a smooth transition. He'll be the highest paid scout in America when Eric takes over next year."
Bisciotti also said there was "a thought" about firing coach John Harbaugh after the season, but they pointed out that they were proud of how Harbaugh held the team together during losing streak in the middle of the season. Baltimore finished 9-7 last season and has reached the postseason only once in the past five years.
"It was certainly a consideration, but not one that I was inclined to make this year," Bisciotti said.
Bisciotti refused to give a playoff-or-bust edict to Harbaugh heading into next season.
"He's under as much pressure than probably he's ever been in their life, and I expect them to keep their chin up and take their positivity and their talents and make the most of the season," Bisciotti said. "I may as well replace them now if I tell them to make the playoffs or you're out of town next year. That's not the way we run business here."
Under Newsome, the Ravens have drafted 18 players who developed into Pro Bowl players, including one Hall of Fame inductee (offensive tackle Jonathan Ogden) and three potential ones (linebacker Ray Lewis, safety Ed Reed and linebacker Terrell Suggs).
But the Ravens have struggled with disappointing drafts in recent years. Baltimore has selected two Pro Bowl players in the past five drafts (linebacker C.J. Mosley and fullback Kyle Juszczyk) while whiffing on top picks such as wide receiver Breshad Perriman, safety Matt Elam and linebackers Arthur Brown and Kamalei Correa.
DeCosta, 46, joined the Ravens in 1996 in an entry level position and worked their way up to becoming the assistant general manager in 2012. They have continually turned down interviews for general manager positions.
Asked what they like about DeCosta, Bisciotti said, "Everything. I think they have learned from Ozzie and he's a great leader of the scouts. I like working with him. I think it's pretty evident by the fact that we were getting called every single year to try to get him, and it's a matter of it's time. There are people running other franchises that got the jobs because Eric wouldn't take it."
MP3Skull.band These texting are perfect for business applications. MP3Skull They are also helpful to persons who function from residential. Now you can even create documents and spread sheets right with your fingertips.again, you may create an office like environment at home with the latest mobile concept. You can make use of video chat with your clients or prospective customers. https://www.mp3skull.band These phones thus help in the development of service. If you want, you can connect these display phones to any PC, download pictures from them also.DS download site offer you software's for connecting to their databases. You're able to download DS games using the software and paid sites have fast download full acceleration.Whatever tune you crave, Song Crawler provides you with one-click results to all the the free MP3 song downloads undertake it ! handle in the variety of music genres.So so ! with the essential guidelines to find a good online. If you are keen, read a hot off the press athleanx workout review the services for unlimited zune music downloads within Zune blog now and discover which ones are popular among music fans.
https://mp3skull.band
Many of the accounts on the second list have been bad loans for more than a year now and provisions have already been made.
The deadline for a resolution plan to be in place for 29 accounts, making up about Rs2 trillion worth of bad loans, will be up on Wednesday for banks. Lenders then will have to refer these accounts under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC), setting in motion court proceedings that could in some cases very well lead to an unfortunate liquidation.
These 29 accounts are part of a second list that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) drew up and asked lenders to have resolution plans ready by 13 December. Beyond this deadline, these accounts would automatically have to be referred under IBC.
The second list followed a first one that had 12 big accounts making up Rs1 trillion worth of bad loans that the central bank explicitly asked banks to refer under IBC immediately.
Reference to the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) would mean lenders will have to make 50% provisioning against the accounts as precaution towards haircuts. Banks have already made the required provisions for the 12 accounts of the first list.
The provisioning for the first list resulted in 11 public sector banks reporting losses for the September quarter. The growing uncomfortable realization that haircuts would be higher made the government announce a Rs2.11 trillion recapitalization plans for public sector lenders to avoid some of them sinking below regulatory capital levels.
If the first list, making up about Rs1 trillion left banks teetering, does the second list have the potential to bring them to their knees? After all, if these 29 accounts find their way into NCLT, will it mean that lenders will have to set aside around Rs1 trillion as provisions?
But the situation is not dire as many of the accounts on the second list have been bad loans for more than a year now and provisions have already been made. For instance, the country's largest lender State bank of India has made 50% provisioning against its exposure to the second list. Axis Bank, Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank have also made provisions to similar extent.
Others such as Union Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and ICICI Bank that haven't made heavy provisions have indicated they would do so in the third quarter.
This explains why bank stocks have fared well, with the Bankex rising as much as 2.5% in the last three months. Of course, the rise was also due to the government's recapitalization plan. But investors are convinced that the worst of provisioning is now behind the lenders.
Syed Qamar Afzal Rizvi
KASHMIR'S controversial accession to India in 1947 continues to be criticised legally and politically, as it is seen as violating the principle of self- determination. Today, Kashmir freedom movement has emerged as a strong resistance force against Modi's policies of suppression and regression in the Indian occupied Kashmir. Kashmiris are determined to take the substance of their freedom via principle of self-determination which stipulates the right of every nation to be a sovereign territorial state. What Narendra Modi has to understand is that their inhumane and immoral policies are doomed to fail in Kashmir and in no way, New Delhi can deny the Kashmiris the right to self-determination protected and guaranteed to them by the UN's Charter.
The article 1(2) of the Charter of the United Nations 1945 guarantees this right to self-determination to Kashmiris. As for the partition or accession of Kashmir, Kashmiris are highly justified in expressing their grievances chartered over the injustice caused to them via demarcation of Radcliffe line. The people of Kashmir under international law have the right to determine their own political future. But the international community's attitude toward the Kashmir plebiscite has been to ignore it and maintain the status quo. Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights declares: ‘All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. The legality of the Instrument of Accession is rightly questioned by the Kashmiris on grounds that it was obtained under coercion. The International Court of Justice has stated that there “can be little doubt, as is implied in the Charter of the United Nations and recognized in Article 52 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, that under contemporary international law an agreement concluded under the threat or use of force is void. Articles 34 and 35 of the UN Charter specifically empower the Security Council to investigate any dispute independently or at the request of a member State.
Given the history of dispute resolution and the contemporary development of international law with respect to self-determination, the case of East Timor appears to be a befitting one. There exist some similar principal arguments to be made in support of international enforcement of the right to self-determination in Kashmir. Like East Timor, Kashmir's international legal status is uncertain. It is unclear whether Kashmir today exists as part of India, Pakistan or both. Again similarly to East Timor, the Security Council has outlined the right of self-determination to the Kashmiri people through an independent plebiscite. In East Timor, the Security Council pursuant to its powers under chapter VII of the UN charter authorized an International Force for East Timor (interfet) to preserve the freely expressed will of the people. Threats to international peace are arguably greater in Kashmir than they were in East Timor. India and Pakistan have fought three wars over Kashmir, and the nuclear capabilities of both countries add to the dangers of elongating any chances for peace.
The evident relationship between systematic human rights violations or lack of representation within an existing state and the desire for secession clearly supports calls for international intervention in order to serve the interests of stability and peace according to the charter of the United Nations in Kashmir. So UN intervention in support of the right to self-determination is justified through the example of East Timor. According to Article 103 of UN Charter, member States obligations under the Charter primacy over obligations under a bilateral agreement. Presence of United Nations Military Observes Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) at the Line of Control in Kashmir is a clear evidence of UN's involvement in the Kashmir issue. It, therefore, has become a principal subject of International relations and international human rights law. The right of self-determination has been taken from jus cogens doctrine. It is a norm of jus cogens which are one of the highest laws of International Law that has to be observed strictly. According to the cases ruled by International Court of Justice and Inter American commission it has been clearly stated that right of self-determination has the legal status of erga omnes. And most significantly, the three dimensional concept of sovereignty-the legal, the political and the traditional- endorses the notion that the vale is an occupying territory, solution of which can only be sought via self-determination principle. Here, history provides a fair reminder to Modi's political correctitude that India's renowned statesman Jawaharlal Nehru could not refute the Kashmiris' right to self-determination when they boldly admitted in 1951 that the fate of Kashmiris will have to be decided through the principle of self- determination. In this backdrop, how can any sane mind in India escape from accepting this emboldens truth once legally and morally accepted by India's secular mind ? The military occupation of Kashmir is a stigma on India's claim of a secular state.
Undeniably, UN's lackadaisical approach reflected in political expediency-cum- vested strategic pursuit of great powers' trajectory is the root cause of procrastinating the peace resolutions of Kashmir and Palestine. It is an admitted fact that creation of Israel in 1948 and Kashmir annexation to India in 1947 are two unfortunate political miscarriages performed by the British diplomacy in the Middle East and South Asia. The provisions of article 370 and 35A of Indian constitution, a separate constitution for the state, and various other provisions for the state have fortified the notion that the state of Jammu & Kashmir is the unfinished agenda of partition. The United Nations' Security Council determined in 1948 that the people of Kashmir should exercise their right to self-determination through an independent plebiscite. These resolutions also recognized the disputed state of Kashmir as the unfinished upshot of partition, and its right to accede either to India or Pakistan.
— The writer, an independent ‘IR' researcher-cum-analyst based in Karachi, is a member of European Consortium for Political Research Standing Group on IR, Critical Peace & Conflict Studies.
LAHORE, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of
Pakistan was celebrated in the provincial capital with great
enthusiasm on Monday.
On this occasion impressive ceremonies to highlight the
importance of the day were held across the city.
Special prayers were offered for the integrity, solidarity
and prosperity of Pakistan after Namaz-e-Fajr.
All Formations and Units of Lahore Garrison celebrated the
day with national zeal and the day dawned with 21-gun salutes.
A change of guard ceremony was held at the mausoleum of
great Poet Dr Allama Muhammad Iqbal where a smartly turned out
contingent of Pakistan Army, took over the guard duties from
Pakistan Rangers.
Later, Major General Muhammad Aamer, Garrison Commander
Lahore laid a floral wreath at Mazar-e-Iqbal to pay homage
to the National Poet and offered Fateha.
A flag hoisting ceremony was held at all the Formation
Headquarters and Units of the Garrison. National Flag was
hoisted at Corps Headquarters, Lahore by Brigadier Muhammad
Shahab Aslam. Message of Chief of Army Staff General Qamar
Javed Bajwa, was read out to the troops in special gatherings.
The students of various schools also presented the
colourful programmes including national songs, tableau and
speeches to highlight the importance of the Independence Day.
Ceremonies of national flag hoisting in different
institutions were the special feature of the day.
The main function of Independence Day celebrations was
held in the Hazoori Bagh where Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad
Shehbaz Sharif was the chief guest. They hoisted national flag.
Shehbaz Sharif also visited the mausoleum of Dr Allama
Muhammad Iqbal, a great poet of East, and laid a floral wreath
on their grave, besides offering “Fateha” for the great philosopher.
Punjab Assembly Speaker Rana Muhammad Iqbal Khan unfurled
national flag at the Assembly building and prayed to Allah
Almighty for progress and prosperity of Pakistan.
A flag hoisting ceremony was held at Nazria Trust Pakistan
(NPT).
The NPT Chairman Muhammad Rafiq Tarar along with Karkunan-i-Tehreek-i-Pakistan hoisted the national flag. On
the occasion, “Dua” was also offered for the martyrs of Pakistan
Movement.
A graceful ceremony was held at Pakistan Railways Headquarters
to mark the Independence Day of Pakistan.
National songs were played and police band also performed
at the ceremony. Sweets were also distributed among the employees.
Flag hositing ceremonies were also held at Punjab University,
WAPDA House, Lahore Hight Court to celebrate the Independence Day
with national zeal. An impressive flag lowering ceremony was held
at Wagah Border which was witnessed by a large number of people.
The national flag hoisting ceremonies featuring national
anthem and milli songs were also organized in all the main
educational institutions of the matropolitan city.
Another most important and regular feature of Independence Day
in the city was the stalls of accessories and decorations of
Independence Day. This time also, a large number of stalls were set up since start of the month of August for the convenience of the Independence Day celebrators across the city where they bought badges, buntings and other decorative items of their choice.
This activity not only enriched the Independence Day celebrations but
also became a source of livelihood for a number of families.
At night, all the public and major private buildings/offices were
profusely decorated and illuminated in various parts of the city especially the public and private buildings alongside The Mall. While, hundreds of
motorcyclists in rallies and groups rushed to the main city roads. They were chanting slogans of “Pakistan Zinda Baad” and sang milli songs to express their love and affection with the motherland.
The Radio Pakistan, PTV and all the private TV channels aired special
programmes highlighting the importance of the Independence Day, while all the newspapers also published detailed writings in this regard.
The law enforcement agencies made tight security arrangements on this
occasion.
Picked up the new Gear VR with the new controller? These are the games you should try.
The Gear VR controller is a handy addition the virtual reality headset that adds a variety of controls to your experience. The controller is motion sensitive and has a small set of well-placed buttons. Game developers have taken advantage of this and made solid games to play using the Gear VR controller.
Base Blitz
To play a real-time strategy game, you need to quickly build structures and command troops. Base Blitz takes advantage of the Gear VR motion controller and lets you click easily, and quickly, select actions within the game.
Base Blitz brings out your competitive nature with a basic battle setup that allows you to focus on planning and thinking quickly.
See in Oculus Store
Dragon Front
Bringing a digital collectable card game into VR has proven successful for Dragon Front, with versions of the game now available for both the Oculus Rift and Gear VR. Providing fully customizable decks across 300 characters, 5 factions, and a champion system, the transition to VR hasn't come with cutbacks to gameplay.
Offering the depth expected from a CCG, while still granting the immersive qualities of VR, the game offers one of the best-seated experiences available for the Gear VR today. Support for the Gear VR controller only makes this game better, by streamlining its controls to the touch of a button.
See at Oculus Store
A Night Sky
A Night Sky allows you to explore the stars in virtual reality and combines the view with some fun and simple activities.
After putting on the headset and grabbing a controller, players can search for constellations and map them out in real time. As these constellations are discovered they'll come to life before your own eyes, leaving mystical creatures to roam the world around you.
While an unusual use of virtual reality, the game is unique on the platform.
See at Oculus Store
SingSpace
From all the existing video game genres seeing a revival in VR, the last I'd have considered is karaoke. However, Harmonix's latest virtual reality experience, SingSpace, brings your terrible singing to the Gear VR. Taking advantage of the inbuilt microphone, players can band together and plan their performances.
If anything like my previous experience at the Game Developers Conference 2017, this life-scarring title is surely one to remember. The social aspects of SingSpace are also a focus, allowing players to perform with one another over the internet.
See at Oculus Store
Drop Dead
Although mobile virtual reality isn't the best platform for a fast-paced shooter, Drop Dead is among the best on the Gear VR today. While an on-rails experience at its core, the floating gun on your head makes aiming intuitive and accurate through your headset's tracking. Rewarding players who kill the most zombies in style, the game isn't afraid to acknowledge its arcade approach to gameplay.
Gear VR controller integration makes the experience only more immersive, removing the need to tap the headset's touchpad to fire. Instead, these controls are mapped to the handheld controller, with a physical trigger now available.
See at Oculus Store
Panzer Panic
Panzer Panic places you behind the wheel of a tank within VR. You can combat other tanks and play games like capture the flag in a third-person shooter battle. The game can be played without a motion controller but adding one adds more depth to your gameplay. You can tilt and rotate the controller to steer your tank and use the trigger to fire at enemies.
One thing to note is that the game seems to forget that you're using a motion controller if you leave during the middle of the game so you'll have to be mindful of your controller settings to fully enjoy the game.
See at Oculus Store
If you love gaming on your Gear VR, make sure to check out our other collections of titles.
The Best games for Samsung Gear VR
Best Samsung Gear VR Games with Offline Play
Best multiplayer games for Gear VR
HQ Trivia was removed from the App Store following a controversial ending to a $25K game on Sunday night, according to Business Insider.
HQ has introduced a new high-stakes version of the game where one winner takes home a larger prize. However, on Sunday night, no one won the $25K.
The company posted on its Twitter account that moderators kick players who break the company's TOS.
HQ moderators kick players that violate HQ's Terms of Service and Contest Rules. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service here: https://t.co/septsPVgOm — HQ Trivia (@hqtrivia) March 19, 2018
HQ would not be specific about what rules were broken, but BI reports that Twitter users had suggested it was due to jailbroken iPhones, which could be running software that gives users a leg up in the trivia competition.
For those who missed the game last night, two players remained for the final question. One was removed due to breaking the TOS, and the remaining player missed the last question, resulting in no winner.
Cheating seems to be a growing problem with HQ Trivia. There are countless guides online about how to cheat, including obvious methods like using voice dictation and a second device to Google search each question. The time limit makes that more difficult, but not impossible.
But as HQ grows its prize pot — the original prize was $1000 — cheating on the platform, and the methods by which people cheat, is only bound to intensify.
Even more bizarre, the app was seemingly removed from the App Store following the game. It has since re-appeared on the App Store.
HQ says that last night's game and HQ's removal from the App Store are unrelated events. A spokesperson from the company confirmed Mashable's report that the app was removed because of a clerical error. Long story short, someone at HQ forgot to update the expired credit card info in the developer portal of the App Store.
App analytics firm Apptopia confirmed that HQ Trivia was removed from the App Store briefly, and that it has been falling in ranking for the past 30 to 60 days.
We reached out to Apple and haven't heard back. We will report back as soon as we know more.
Staff Reporter
Central leader of Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) and Member National Assembly Hamza Shahbaz has said that continuity of the democratic and political system is vital for sustainable development in the country and general election should be held on time for the purpose.
They expressed these views while talking to American Consul General Elizabeth Kennedy Trudeau, who called on them here in Model Town on Friday.
In the meeting, bilateral matters of mutual interest came under discussion and both exchanged views on the present political situation of the country and the emerging scenario.
Hamza Shahbaz said that Pakistan has its own position in the present geo-political circumstances. “We took part in the war against terrorism and bore heavy losses in the form of lives and properties in the last three decades, and still we are facing different challenges,” they added.
Hamza Shahbaz also briefed the envoy about the projects launched in the important sectors in Pakistan. They said that far-flung areas have been given priority for provision of civic facilities and many projects have been started in south Punjab, as well. They also listed various future projects, which would improve the living standard of the common man.
The US consul general said that they had been hearing about good governance of the PML-N and performance of Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif. They also briefed their host about different projects launched through Pak-America cooperation and expressed their country's determination to fortify the bilateral cooperation. In the meeting, US Political Officer Ann Mason and Legal Advisor Ali Raza Shah were also present.
U.K. Prime Minister Calls For Early Election, U.S. Special Election In Georgia
Steve Inskeep talks to the BBC's Jonny Dymond about Theresa May calling for an early general election in June. Domenico Montanaro of NPR's Politics team discusses the House election in Georgia.
The Toronto-based reggae fusion band Magic! performs Saturday night at Musicfest, at Del Crary Park. The band is known for its hit single Rude and Juno wins in 2015 for single of the year and breakthrough group of the year.
The group's latest album is Primary Colours, with the hit single Lay You Down Easy. The music starts at 8 p.m., and admission is free. Musicfest continues all summer with free concerts Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Learn more about Magic! here, and check out Musicfest's summer of tunes here.
Two years ago, Google launched universal app campaigns (UAC) to make it easier for developers to easily promote their iOS and Android apps across its various platforms. Instead of having to set up separate campaigns for Search and Google Play, for example, developers can simply use UAC with a few lines of text, images and their bid and the service then handles the rest, based on what the developers want to optimize their campaigns for (installs or in-app conversions, for example).
This has turned out to be such an effective service — thanks in large part to the company's advances in machine learning — that Google is moving all app install campaigns to UAC over the rest of this year. Starting October 16th, all new app install campaigns created in Google Ads will run on UAC, and starting November 15th, all existing Search, Display and YouTube app promo campaigns will stop running.
Google tells us that it has delivered more than 6 billion installations to developers so far. That's a big increase over the last stats it offered in 2016. At that time, Google said it had delivered 2 billion installations. The company also told us that UAC already delivers more than 50 percent of all app downloads from ads today and that the machine learning algorithms that power the service analyze more than 300 million potential signal combinations in real time. That means the service looks at signals like where people are looking at an ad, for example, and what they are likely trying to do.
What's most important, though, is that these campaigns perform very well. UACs drive 140 percent more conversions per dollar than the company's regular app campaigns. Given these numbers, it's no surprise that Google is doubling down on this campaign type.
One major advantage of UAC is that it allows developers to not just optimize for app installs but also for in-app engagement and lifetime value. For many developers, it's now less about getting low-value installs but to make sure that the users they get want to make a purchase, book a hotel room or subscribe to their service. Google argues that its algorithms know enough about potential users to allow it to automatically optimize when and where it shows a developer's ads to bring the right users to the app.
“Having entertained over 1 billion people to-date, at Zynga we're focused on creating games that are designed to entertain consumer audiences over the long-term while delivering strong operational efficiency,” Zynga's VP of User Acquisition Kimberly Corbett told me about their company's use of UACs. “As such, our User Acquisition strategy has evolved to focus on bringing in players who will become part of our forever franchises, including games like Zynga Poker and Words With Friends, which are 10 and 8 years old, respectively.”
This content is only available to subscribers.
Login or Subscribe
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Former Denver Mayor Wellington Webb and Emmy Ruiz, Colorado state director for Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign, are among the 21 members named to a commission tasked with healing divisions within the national Democratic Party by suggesting reforms for its presidential nominating process, the Democratic National Committee announced Monday.
(Reuters) - Two Virginia state police officers were killed on Saturday when a helicopter in which they were riding crashed after assisting in efforts to quell clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
The pair were among three people who authorities said died in connection with the violence near the main campus of the University of Virginia. A 32-year-old woman died when a car plowed into a crowd dispersing after police broke up the melee in the city's downtown.
The helicopter pilot, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, of Midlothian, Virginia, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, 40, of Quinton, Virginia, died at the scene of the crash in Albemarle County, the state police said in a statement included in a Twitter message sent by NBC29 of Charlottesville.
No one on the ground was injured, it said.
President Donald Trump sent their condolences to the families of the officers and their colleagues in the Virginia State Police.
"You're all among the best this nation produces," Trump said in a Twitter message.
The Bell 407 helicopter went down 7 miles (11 km) southwest of Charlottesville, Jim Peters, a spokesperson for the Federal Aviation Administration, said in an email.
National Transportation Safety Board spokesperson Peter Knudson said the cause of the crash had not been determined. The NTSB is sending investigators to the scene, they said.
Islamabad
Ministry of Railways is in the process of finalizing the computerization of its land record aiming to retrieve the encroached land from illegal occupants. “The project for computerization of railway land record was initiated in 2015 with the assistance of Urban Unit to harmonize the railway land record with the record of all the provincial revenue departments,” an official in the Ministry of Railways told APP.
They said the project is near completion and will safeguard railway land through a computerized monitoring system and will render total transparency in land management. To a question, they said that detailed survey was carried out to identify and work out the details of encroached land, un-authorized occupation by individual encroachers and under illegal occupation of government departments.
The anti encroachment campaign was started and is being monitored by the Divisional Superintendents, Headquarters office and at the level of Ministry of Railways, they added. “A comprehensive policy has been drawn to prevent further encroachments.—APP
The board of Co. Commissioners met here today for the purpose of considering the petition which was presented to them asking that an election be called for the purpose of voting bonds in the amount of $50,000 for the purpose of building a court house and jail. The board called the election for March 27 at which time all taxpaying voters will have the privilege upon the question as to whether or not they want bonds issued to erect a credential court house and jail.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Crestview, Fla. — A Florida man arrested for destroying a liquor store under construction told police they were Alice in Wonderland and that a “hookah-smoking caterpillar” ordered them to attack the site.
Crestview police said in a post on Facebook that Matthew Horace Jones is accused of breaking into a fenced-in area and using a forklift to cause more than $100,000 in damage. They face grand theft felony and other charges.
Witnesses called 911 and police went to the site. The police report says Jones aimed the forklift toward officers, who stopped them at gunpoint.
Police quoted Jones as identifying themselves as Alice in Wonderland, blaming the attack on “a hookah-smoking caterpillar” and saying that they had a problem with “building a place to sell alcohol.”
No lawyer is listed for him.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uHHmB1
Hello and welcome to another issue of This Week in Rust! Rust is a systems language pursuing the trifecta: safety, concurrency, and speed. This is a weekly summary of its progress and community. Want something mentioned? Tweet us at @ThisWeekInRust or send us a pull request. Want to get involved? We love contributions.
This Week in Rust is openly developed on GitHub. If you find any errors in this week's issue, please submit a PR.
News & Blog Posts
Crate of the Week
This week's crate of the week is derived_builder, a Rust port of Django's password primitives. Thanks to Willi Kappler for the suggestion!
Submit your suggestions and votes for next week!
Call for Participation
Always wanted to contribute to open-source projects but didn't know where to start? Every week we highlight some tasks from the Rust community for you to pick and get started!
Some of these tasks may also have mentors available, visit the task page for more information.
If you are a Rust project owner and are looking for contributors, please submit tasks here.
153 pull requests were merged in the last week.
New Contributors
Aaron Power
Alexander Battisti
bjorn3
Charlie Fan
Gheorghe Anghelescu
Giang Nguyen
Henning Kowalk
Ingvar Stepanyan
Jan Zerebecki
Jordi Polo
Mario
Rob Speer
Shawn Walker-Salas
Approved RFCs
Changes to Rust follow the Rust RFC (request for comments) process. These are the RFCs that were approved for implementation this week:
Every week the team announces the 'final comment period' for RFCs and key PRs which are reaching a decision. Express your opinions now. This week's FCPs are:
Closed RFCs
Following proposals were rejected by the team after their 'final comment period' elapsed.
No RFCs were closed this week!
New RFCs
Style RFCs
Style RFCs are part of the process for deciding on style guidelines for the Rust community and defaults for Rustfmt. The process is similar to the RFC process, but we try to reach rough consensus on issues (including a final comment period) before progressing to PRs. Just like the RFC process, all users are welcome to comment and submit RFCs. If you want to help decide what Rust code should look like, come get involved!
PRs:
Issues in final comment period:
Other significant issues:
Upcoming Events
If you are running a Rust event please add it to the calendar to get it mentioned here. Email the Rust Community Team for access.
Rust Jobs
Tweet us at @ThisWeekInRust to get your job offers listed here!
Quote of the Week
No quote was selected for QotW.
Submit your quotes for next week!
This Week in Rust is edited by: nasa42, llogiq, and brson.
The DeLorean name is iconic thanks largely to Back to the Future, in which one of the original automaker's cars was turned into a time machine by ‘Doc' Emmett Brown. Now, the original DeLorean founder's nephew is working on making flying cars a reality, with their own aerospace company.
Paul DeLorean's DeLorean aerospace isn't actually aiming to exactly replicate the scene from Back to the Future in which the time machine takes off as an airborne vehicle. But it is trying to create a vertical take-off and landing craft (VTOL) that would be able to operate in a roughly similar manner, and it's hoping to have a full-sized prototype ready within a year's time, according to Wired.
DeLorean's first aircraft is called the DR-7 VTOL, and it looks like something out of a much more modern sci-fi film. There are two turbines for propulsion, as well as a two-seat cockpit about mid-body. The plan is to make it a fully electric vehicle, and DeLorean has already completed two small-scale models, including a one-third scale engineering model.
Eventually, the hope is to build a final piloted craft that can travel for 120 miles on a full charge, with a body length of 20 feet and a width of 18.5 across the sides stretch of its wingspan. The range is the biggest challenge and its potential standout point among the competition, given that other prototype designs have much shorter projected ranges.
Flying cars have always been cause for imaginative flights of fancy, but more and more they're becoming targets for actual engineering efforts at big aerospace companies and technology startups. Who knows: Maybe the next Back to the Future will feature an entirely different kind of DeLorean, for which flight is nothing special.
Staff Reporter
Rawalpindi
Eid shopping is picking up momentum in the city's main markets as Eid-ul-Fitr is drawing near and the jubilant mood of young girls, women and youth is approaching full swing. Colourful Eid stalls have been set up at various points, offering different kinds of cosmetics, earrings, gleaming bangles, embroidered clothes, jewellery and colourful dresses. The people belonging to all age groups including women and children are seen busy in Eid shopping which will continue till the “Chand Raat”.
Nowadays, the main focus of the citizens is towards the purchase of the clothes, footwear and many other items for the festival. A larger number of makeshift shops have sprung up on the pavements of the city. Everyone tries to celebrate Eid-ul-Fitr, one of the biggest religious festivals celebrated after Ramazan with zeal and fervor and maximum arrangements are made in this regard.
The shopkeepers have raised prices but many have displayed “sale” signs to hoodwink the customers. Women of all ages have started visiting bazaars and shopping malls after iftar to buy clothes and shoes, while bangles' sale is slowly picking up. This year, during Ramazan, it was observed that middle class and low-salaried employees are not having lavish iftars, like they used to have in previous years. This is all because of price hike mainly caused by inflation, which has dented the purchasing power of common man.
The shopkeepers have been seen sitting idle, waiting for prospective buyers, while for most shopkeepers, business is usual as it remains during normal days. Several shoppers said due to high prices, many things were beyond their purchasing power and they were compelled to just window shop. The rates of children's clothing have reached sky high. Shopkeepers said most customers just come and look around, ask for prices and then leave.
The traditional embroidered dresses for women, elaborate frocks for girls, bangles and henna are a must to buy for the festive occasion of Eid along with kurta shalwar for men. Customers have to bargain at most of the shops because shopkeepers demand different prices of the same item. In some localities, Eid cards sellers have also set up stalls outside shops to attract customers, but there are few buyers.
Meanwhile, police claimed to have made foolproof security arrangements for the protection of the people at various shopping centres, markets and public places.
Hello and welcome back to Equity, TechCrunch's venture capital-focused podcast where we unpack the numbers behind the headlines.
This week the crew —Roof, Matthew Lynley, and Alex Wilhelm — were joined by Saar Gur, a general partner at CRV.
This week we had no choice but to dive into Uber's most recent headlines and happenings. We did not get into every possible topic — Uber is a cornucopia of news these days, and our show can't be four hours long. Instead, we focused our attentions on the Softbank situation, Uber's board, and how much new capital the firm may raise in the coming weeks.
We promise that we will not turn Equity into This Week in Uber.
Moving along, we spent some time investigating the ForeScout S-1 filing, which the security firm hopes will take it public. However, the gang had some reservations about its financial performance, diving into VC investing time horizons and when a return goes from late, to very, very late.
And finally, the crew dug into Q3 venture trends. Crunchbase News has notes out on the global venture market, women in venture, and, out today, a piece looking at the US venture market. The whole report in one clause: round volume in the US is down year-over-year and dollar volume is up over the same timeframe.
We appreciate your ears and time. Catch you all next week!
Equity drops every Friday at 6:00 am PT, so subscribe to us on iTunes, Overcast, Pocketcast, Downcast and all the casts.
KARACHI, Aug 14 (APP): On the occasion of the 70th Independence
Day anniversary of Pakistan, a magnificent air show was held at
Seaview, here on Monday afternoon under the auspices of the
Pakistan Air Force (PAF).
A large number of people, including women and children watched
with great interest the air show that continued for about an
hour.
The Mirage jets, F-16s, K-8 (Sherdil) as well as helicopters and
planes from Pakistan Navy participated in the air show and performed
flying maneuvers.
Sindh Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah was the chief guest
on the occasion. Corps Commander Karachi, Lt. Gen. Shahid Baig
Mirza and Air Officer Commanding Southern Air Command Haseeb Piracha,
was also present.
The people who watched the air show said that they were very much
thrilled by the aerobatics performed and the expertise that was
displayed during the hour-long event.
That “Secret” Bitcoin Deal You Made Could Come Back to Haunt You from Schiff Gold
TDC Note – This is exactly what I was discussing in a recent article where I described the transactions BEFORE coming to your wallet AND the transactions AFTER leaving your wallet – they are all tied together on “one ledger with perfect fidelity”
####
This hasn't been a great week in the cryptocurrency world. Facebook announced it is banning all ads that promote cryptos, including Bitcoin. According to Zuck's people, Facebook has to protect users from “financial products and services frequently associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices.” By that rationale, Facebook should probably ban all political advertising. At any rate, the announcement sent the price of Bitcoin spiraling downward yet again. It is below $8,000 as I write this.
The Indian government added fuel to the fire, announcing it wants to “stamp out cryptocurrencies.” I say good luck with that. It will never happen. But I'm sure the government will make a lot of people miserable in the process.
So, anyway, a bad week for Bitcoin. And I've got some news that's going to make it even worse for some of you crypto fans out there.
Remember that sloppy Bitcoin drug deal you did five years ago on the “dark web?” According to Wired Magazine, that just might come back to haunt you.
Of course, you may already regret buying those shrooms off the Silk Road, considering those four Bitcoins you plunked down for a night of hallucinations were worth upwards of $80,000 last year. Heck, even with the market tanking, they're still worth about 16 grand. That's a pretty pricey high.
And you may have an even bigger problem.
You see, it's like I tell my kids. You put something on the internet and it's there forever. That photo you posted of yourself on Instagram will live on long after you're pushing up daisies. You know the photo. That one where you're drunk in the fraternity house. Of course, when you're about 80, that photo might be a fun conversation starter. You can show it to your new pals at the retirement complex.”You remember that time…?” You can even share your “wild times” with your grandkids. Of course, you may not remember that time at all. You might look at it and wonder what in the hell you were thinking. You'll almost certainly wonder what in the hell you were wearing.
Anyway, what's true on Facebook is also true on the blockchain. As the folks at Wired put it, “If you weren't particularly careful in how you spent your cryptocurrency, the evidence of that drug deal may still be hanging around in plain view of law enforcement, even years after the Silk Road was torn off the dark web.”
Yup. Even though that night of mushroom-induced bliss long ago faded from your muddled memory, the po-po may bang on your door at any second, demanding you pay your debt to society.
The retroactive operational security of bitcoin is low,” says Qatar University researcher Husam Al Jawaheri. “When things are recorded in the blockchain, you can go back in history and reveal this information, to break the anonymity of users.”
Uh-oh.
All this time, I thought one of the great benefits of Bitcoin was its security and anonymity. That's what they tell us, right? But we probably should have known better. It's the internet, right? Nothing is truly secret on the internet.
OK, I'm being a little unfair. Cryptos do offer the advantage of anonymity, but you have to work for it. You need to know what you're doing and be very careful in order to keep your transactions truly private. And let's face it; back when you were poking around on the Silk Road, you were high on shrooms. This wasn't the peak of your decision-making prowess.
Wired called Bitcoin security a “paradox.”
Because the cryptocurrency isn't controlled by any bank or government, it can be very difficult to link anyone's real-world identity with their bitcoin stash. But the public ledger of bitcoin transactions known as the blockchain also serves as a record of every bitcoin transaction from one address to another. Find out someone's address, and discovering who they're sending money to or receiving it from becomes trivial, unless the spender takes pains to route those transactions through intermediary addresses, or laundering services that obscure the payment's origin and destination.”
You're probably out of luck when it comes to hiding that shroom deal. What's done is done. And the po-po probably doesn't really care about that ill-advised purchase. You're more likely to be haunted by that frat house photo. Now, if you used the Silk Road to hire a hitman to off your obnoxious cousin Marty, you might have a problem.
I don't know about you, but my privacy is important to me. I don't want people in my business. I especially don't want the government in my business. Cryptos do offer an avenue to keep transactions private – if you know what you're doing. You can also buy gold and silver in relative privacy. Of course, the IRS wants to know your business. SchiffGold's Guide to Tax-Free Gold & Silver Buying makes it easy to understand exactly what the IRS requires are so you can buy and sell privately with confidence.
Sharing is caring!
NEW YORK/SYDNEY/LONDON (Reuters) - Bitcoin futures eased back from an initial surge of almost 22 percent to trade up 13 percent on Monday, in an eagerly awaited U.S. market debut that backers hope will confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and lead to its wider use.
Virtual currency Bitcoin tokens are seen in this illustration picture, December 8, 2017. Picture taken December 8. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
Although bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, the Chicago-based Cboe Global Markets' (CBOE.O) launch marked the first time investors could get exposure to the market via a mainstream regulated exchange.
The debut on Sunday night may have caused an early outage of the Cboe website. The exchange said that due to heavy traffic, the site “may be temporarily unavailable”.
The one-month bitcoin contract <0#XBT:> opened trade at 6 pm local time (2300 GMT) at $15,460, dipped briefly before rising to a high of $18,700 and then slipping again.
As of 1112 GMT the one-month future was up 13 percent from the open at $17,450, around $1,000 higher than the “spot” bitcoin price - the price at which bitcoin is currently being bought and sold.
The two-month contract was trading at $18,880, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $19,040.
“The premiums have so far been very high, demonstrating that few want to take the short side of the trade,” said Altana Digital Currency Fund manager Alistair Milne, whose fund has $35 million in assets under management.
In just over 12 hours after the launch, 2,780 contracts had been traded, meaning around $48.5 million had been notionally invested. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $20 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
Just 13 trades of the two-month contracts had been traded.
“It will take time for derivative volumes to build up, but eventually if they prove to be a significant percentage of the global trade, they should in theory help stabilize things,” said Milne.
Most fund managers at mainstream asset management firms and other institutional investors say they will not be lured into the market by the launch of the futures.
“There's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility,” said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder.
“We've looked at it in the past but if you look at the number of times that you need to trade to keep your exposure at the same level, after one week you need to rebalance the portfolio already,” they added.
On the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp BTC=BTSP exchange, bitcoin prices surged 12.5 percent on the day to $16,570, close to an all-time high of $16,666.66 hit on Friday.
Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000, and its gains in the past month have been rapid.
CASH-SETTLED
Experts had worried that the risks associated with the currency's Wild West-like nature could overshadow the futures debut. Bitcoin tumbled 20 percent in 10 hours on Friday.
“Even if there is an institution or institutional-sized trader out there, they are going to want to make sure that the mechanics work first, just for the futures,” said Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Capital Market Laboratories.
“I think the excitement will come when the futures market is established. That can take a few days,” Gottlieb added.
Sparks glow from broken Bitcoin (virtual currency) coins in this illustration picture, December 8, 2017. Picture taken December 8. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. Bitcoin was quoted at $16,674 on the Gemini exchange.
While bitcoin's price rise mystifies many, its origins have been the subject of much speculation.
It was set up in 2008 by someone or some group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden, making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible.
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over the surge in the price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering.
“It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me,” the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on television on Sunday.
“We've seen them in the past. Over the centuries we've seen bubbles and this appears to be a bit of a classic case.”
Many investors have stood on the sidelines watching its price rocket. However, it is possible to buy bitcoin without having to spend the full price of one coin. Bitcoin's smallest unit is a Satoshi, named after the elusive creator of the cryptocurrency.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Somebody who invested $1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 and had never sold any of it would now be sitting on around $1.2 million.
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the futures has given an extra kick to the cryptocurrency's scorching run this year.
The CME Group (CME.O) is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17.
CONTROVERSIAL MOVE
Bitcoin fans appear excited about the prospect of an exchange-listed and regulated product and the ability to bet on its price swings without having to sign up for a digital wallet.
Others, however, caution that risks remain for investors and possibly even the clearing organizations underpinning the trades.
“You are going to open up the market to a whole lot of people who aren't currently in bitcoin,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages, though.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW.N) and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp (AMTD.O), did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N) would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
Bitcoin's manic run-up this year has boosted volatility far in excess of other asset classes. The futures trading may help dampen some of the sharp moves, analysts said.
“Hypothetically, volatility over the long run should drop after institutions get involved,” Gottlieb said. “But there may not be an immediate impact, say in the first month.”
Last night the “2017 Teen Choice Awards” were in Los Angeles. : )
Our country girl Carrie Underwood won for….
Choice Country Artist (#ChoiceCountryArtist): Carrie Underwood…
AND…. Sam Hunt won for….Choice Country Song (#ChoiceCountrySong): “Body Like a Back Road” – Sam Hunt
Here's the rest of the winners…
MOVIES
Choice Action Movie (#ChoiceActionMovie): Wonder Woman
Choice Action Movie Actor (#ChoiceActionMovieActor): Chris Pine – Wonder Woman
Choice Action Movie Actress (#ChoiceActionMovieActress): Gal Gadot – Wonder Woman
Choice Sci-Fi Movie (#ChoiceSciFiMovie): Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor (#ChoiceSciFiMovieActor): Chris Pratt – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actress (#ChoiceSciFiMovieActress): Zoe Saldana – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Choice Fantasy Movie (#ChoiceFantasyMovie): Beauty and the Beast
Choice Fantasy Movie Actor (#ChoiceFantasyMovieActor): Dwayne Johnson – Moana
Choice Fantasy Movie Actress (#ChoiceFantasyMovieActress): Emma Watson – Beauty and the Beast
Choice Drama Movie (#ChoiceDramaMovie): Everything, Everything
Choice Drama Movie Actor (#ChoiceDramaMovieActor): Kian Lawley – Before I Fall
Choice Drama Movie Actress (#ChoiceDramaMovieActress): Emma Watson – The Circle
Choice Comedy Movie (#ChoiceComedyMovie): Finding Dory
Choice Comedy Movie Actor (#ChoiceComedyMovieActor): Zac Efron – Baywatch
Choice Comedy Movie Actress (#ChoiceComedyMovieActress): Ellen DeGeneres – Finding Dory
Choice Summer Movie (#ChoiceSummerMovie): Spider-Man: Homecoming
Choice Summer Movie Actor (#ChoiceSummerMovieActor): Tom Holland – Spider-Man: Homecoming
Choice Summer Movie Actress (#ChoiceSummerMovieActress): Zendaya – Spider-Man: Homecoming
Choice Movie Villain (#ChoiceMovieVillain): Luke Evans – Beauty and the Beast
Choice Breakout Movie Star (#ChoiceBreakoutMovieStar): Auli'i Cravalho – Moana
Choice MovieShip (#ChoiceMovieShip): Emma Watson & Dan Stevens – Beauty and the Beast
TELEVISION
Choice Drama TV Show (#ChoiceDramaTVShow): Riverdale
Choice Drama TV Actor (#ChoiceDramaTVActor) Cole Sprouse – Riverdale
Choice Drama TV Actress (#ChoiceDramaTVActress): Lucy Hale – Pretty Little Liars
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Show (#ChoiceSciFiTVShow): The Vampire Diaries
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actor (#ChoiceSciFiTVActor): Dylan O'Brien – Teen Wolf
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actress (#ChoiceSciFiTVActress): Kat Graham – The Vampire Diaries
Choice Action TV Show (#ChoiceActionTVShow): The Flash
Choice Action TV Actor (#ChoiceActionTVActor): Grant Gustin – The Flash
Choice Action TV Actress (#ChoiceActionTVActress): Melissa Benoist – Supergirl
Choice Comedy TV Show (#ChoiceComedyTVShow): Fuller House
Choice Comedy TV Actor (#ChoiceComedyTVActor): Jean-Luc Bilodeau – Baby Daddy
Choice Comedy TV Actress (#ChoiceComedyTVActress): Candace Cameron Bure – Fuller House
Choice Animated TV Show (#ChoiceAnimatedTVShow): Family Guy
Choice Reality TV Show (#ChoiceRealityTVShow): The Voice
Choice Throwback TV Show (#ChoiceThrowbackTVShow): One Tree Hill
Choice TV Personality (#ChoiceTVPersonality): Ellen DeGeneres – The Ellen DeGeneres Show
Choice Summer TV Show (#ChoiceSummerTVShow): Teen Wolf
Choice Summer TV Actor (#ChoiceSummerTVActor): Tyler Posey – Teen Wolf
Choice Summer TV Actress (#ChoiceSummerTVActress): Holland Roden – Teen Wolf
Choice TV Villain (#ChoiceTVVillain): Janel Parrish – Pretty Little Liars
Choice Breakout TV Show (#ChoiceBreakoutTVShow): Riverdale
Choice Breakout TV Star (#ChoiceBreakoutTVStar): Lili Reinhart – Riverdale
Choice TVShip (#ChoiceTVShip): #BUGHEAD (Lili Reinhart & Cole Sprouse) – Riverdale
MUSIC
Choice Male Artist (#ChoiceMaleArtist): Harry Styles
Choice Female Artist (#ChoiceFemaleArtist): Ariana Grande
Choice Music Group (#ChoiceMusicGroup): Fifth Harmony
Choice Electronic/Dance Artist (#ChoiceElectronicDanceArtist): Calvin Harris
Choice Latin Artist (#ChoiceLatinArtist): CNCO
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Artist (#ChoiceRBHipHopArtist): Beyoncé
Choice Rock Artist (#ChoiceRockArtist): Harry Styles
Choice Song: Female Artist (#ChoiceSongFemaleArtist): Camila Cabello – “Crying in the Club”
Choice Song: Male Artist (#ChoiceSongMaleArtist): Niall Horan – “Slow Hands”
Choice Song: Group (#ChoiceSongGroup): Fifth Harmony (feat. Gucci Mane) – “Down”
Choice Collaboration (#ChoiceCollaboration): Steve Aoki & Louis Tomlinson – “Just Hold On”
Choice Summer Song (#ChoiceSummerSong): “Despacito” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee (feat. Justin Bieber)
Choice Summer Female Artist (#ChoiceSummerFemaleArtist): Camila Cabello
Choice Summer Male Artist (#ChoiceSummerMaleArtist): Shawn Mendes
Choice Summer Group (#ChoiceSummerGroup): Fifth Harmony
Choice Summer Tour (#ChoiceSummerTour): Ariana Grande – Dangerous Woman Tour
DIGITAL
Choice Female Web Star (#ChoiceFemaleWebStar): Liza Koshy
Choice Male Web Star (#ChoiceMaleWebStar): Logan Paul
Choice Comedy Web Star (#ChoiceComedyWebStar): Logan Paul
Choice Music Web Star (#ChoiceMusicWebStar): Jake Paul
Choice Fashion/Beauty Web Star (#ChoiceBeautyWebStar): NikkieTutorials
Choice Gamer (#ChoiceGamer): Ryan Ohmwrecker – ohmwrecker
Choice Twit (#ChoiceTwit): Ellen DeGeneres
Choice Instagrammer (#ChoiceInstagrammer): Selena Gomez
Choice Snapchatter (#ChoiceSnapchatter): Ariana Grande
Choice YouTuber (#ChoiceYouTuber): Jake Paul
Choice Muser (#ChoiceMuser): Baby Ariel
MUSIC
Choice Pop Song (#ChoicePopSong): “Shape of You” – Ed Sheeran
Choice Electronic/Dance Song (#ChoiceElectronicDanceSong): “Know No Better” – Major Lazer (feat. Travis Scott, Camila Cabello & Quavo)
Choice Latin Song (#ChoiceLatinSong): “Despacito” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee (feat. Justin Bieber)
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Song (#ChoiceRBHipHopSong): “I'm The One” – DJ Khaled (feat. Justin Bieber, Quavo, Chance the Rapper & Lil Wayne)
Choice Rock/Alternative Song (#ChoiceRockSong): “Believer” – Imagine Dragons
Choice Breakout Artist (#ChoiceBreakoutArtist): Chance the Rapper
Choice Next Big Thing (#ChoiceNextBigThing): Grace VanderWaal
OTHER
Choice Comedian (#ChoiceComedian): The Dolan Twins
Choice Male Athlete (#ChoiceMaleAthlete): Stephen Curry
Choice Female Athlete (#ChoiceFemaleAthlete): Simone Biles
Choice Liplock (#ChoiceLipLock): Dan Stevens & Emma Watson – Beauty and the Beast
Choice Hissy Fit (#ChoiceHissyFit): Madelaine Petsch – Riverdale
Choice Scene Stealer (#ChoiceSceneStealer): Camila Mendes – Riverdale
Choice Style Icon (#ChoiceStyleIcon): Harry Styles
Choice Female Hottie (#ChoiceFemaleHottie): Camila Cabello
Choice Male Hottie (#ChoiceMaleHottie): Shawn Mendes
Choice Changemaker (#ChoiceChangemaker): Ariana Grande
Choice Videogame (#ChoiceVideoGame): Overwatch
Choice Dancer (#ChoiceDancer): Maddie Ziegler
Choice Model (#ChoiceModel): Kendall Jenner
Choice Fandom: Fifth Harmony
Choice International Artist: BTS
DJI is working on a “local data mode” for its apps that prevents any data from being sent or received from the internet. The feature will be welcomed by many, but it's hard not to attribute the timing and urgency of the announcement to the recent ban of DJI gear by the U.S. Army over unspecified “cyber vulnerabilities.”
“We are creating local data mode to address the needs of our enterprise customers, including public and private organizations that are using DJI technology to perform sensitive operations around the world,” said Brendan Schulman, the company's VP of Policy and Legal Affairs, in a press release. The new feature should arrive before the end of September.
The Army memo, first published at Small UAS News and dated August 2, said that “due to increased awareness of cyber vulnerabilities associated with DJI products, it is directed that the U.S. Army halt use of all DJI products.”
It's not clear what these vulnerabilities actually are, or whether the mere possibility of sensitive information being transmitted was enough to spook someone at HQ.
DJI's flight control apps, from which users can launch and control drones, does indeed regularly phone home to make sure it is up to date, using current maps and so on. And if the user chose to, it would back up flight logs and media to DJI's servers. But the online functions aren't necessary for ordinary operation and flight, so local data mode doesn't affect airworthiness or anything like that.
Although DJI was not made aware of the Army's concerns ahead of time, the new mode has been in development for several months, according to the press release. So either a little bird told the company this was a possibility, or more likely it's just a smart option to include when your craft and apps are being put into national security and life-and-death type situations.
A DJI representative told TechCrunch that today's announcement isn't in response to the memo. Schulman, however, told the New York Times that “the Army memo caused customers to express renewed concern about data security.”
These statements may seem contradictory, but it's not hard to imagine that when a major client like the Army raises security concerns, others will join the chorus. So DJI can say the announcement today wasn't in response to the memo — not directly, anyway. But chances are we wouldn't be hearing about the feature until later had the memo not been publicized.
“We're not responding to the Army, which has never explained its concerns to us,” explained Adam Lisberg, DJI's corporate comms director for North America, in response to my inquiries along these lines. “We're accelerating the rollout of something we've been working on for a while. We announced it today because enterprise customers with serious data security have made clear they need something like this for a while, and the Army memo reinforced that concern for them. So we're addressing it quickly as part of our commitment to delivering what our enterprise customers need.”
It matters because DJI isn't a military-specific drone maker the way a company like General Atomics, which makes Predators — though the chances of a Chinese company ever being so are slim to say the least. It's also a matter of public image: they're a company looking out for consumers and the occasional government contract, not a major participator in the military-industrial complex.
Clearly the company wants to signal that it takes its feature requests not from foreign governments, but from its valued users all over the globe, of which the Army happens to be one.
Michigan's largest labor union is endorsing Gretchen Whitmer for governor.
The United Auto Workers, which represents 385,000 active members and retirees in the state, announced the endorsement Monday at its international headquarters in Detroit. Whitmer, a former legislative leader, is among four main Democrats seeking the nomination in August's primary election.
They previously won the backing of the Michigan Education Association, the state's second-biggest union.
UAW President Dennis Williams says Whitmer is a "champion" who will protect members' safety and jobs while strengthening their schools and communities. In their campaign, they have talked about protesting outside the Capitol when Republicans enacted a right-to-work law in 2012.
Whitmer says it is time Michigan workers "had a governor who will fix the roads and fight for working people."
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia's crown prince wants to build a mega-city with the latest robotics under their grand plan to reform the kingdom.
Newly constructed private villas are seen near Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, May 29, 2018. Picture taken May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
Civil servant Amer al-Ghamdi has a simpler dream: to buy an affordable home.
Whether Ghamdi and some 1.2 million Saudis in a similar financial position manage to do so will be vital if Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is to convince their people that the reform plan will benefit not just the super-rich.
Ghamdi, 35, spends most of their $2,670 monthly wage paying back loans they took to get married and buy a car. They and their wife, Hanan, now have three children and struggle to save money.
Buying a home is out of the question. A 250-square metre (2,691 square feet) house in Saudi cities costs from 700,000 to 850,000 riyals ($186,000 to $226,000), said Ibrahim Albuloushi, head of U.S. property consultant Jones Lang LaSalle in Saudi Arabia.
That is up to 10 times the annual salary for a low-income family in the Gulf Arab state.
“I tried to look for one of my relatives in Saudi to pay off my debts and give me a down payment to apply for a house at one of the commercial banks, but the interest will be very high and I am already paying a lot,” said Ghamdi, who lives in the capital Riyadh.
Saudi Arabia, the world's top oil exporter, was once awash in petrodollars. This helped it provide a cradle-to-grave welfare system for its citizens with almost no taxation.
But a slump in oil prices has made fiscal discipline and diversification away from oil vital. Prince Mohammed's Vision 2030 plan sets out to modernise the economy and reform the deeply conservative country, the birthplace of Islam.
The young prince, 32, has moved forcefully and rapidly where earlier leaders moved gradually and achieved moderate results.
AFFORDABLE HOMES
Some Saudis, however, are sceptical. Western media have reported extravagant purchases by the crown prince, including a $300 million French chateau and a $500 million yacht.
In response to a question about these reports in an interview with U.S. network CBS in March, Prince Mohammed said their personal life was “something I'd like to keep to myself” but that they were a rich man who also made donations to charity.
The first contracts awarded for the NEOM business zone mega-project in the northwest of the country were for five palaces for the royal family.
Some critics say the pace of reform is too fast. They cite cuts to a generous subsidy system and the introduction of value-added tax early this year, moves that have hit some Saudis hard and eaten away at savings.
Compounding problems, the population has grown. It reached 32.55 million in 2017, a rise of 44 percent from 2004, and Riyadh's boundaries are growing rapidly.
The housing minister says there are plans to build 1 million houses in five years with an investment of over $100 billion, mainly through public-private partnerships. Deals have been signed with South Korean and Chinese firms and U.S. companies have expressed interest.
“Real estate is the mirror of the economy. You cannot build homes if people cannot afford to buy them,” said Abdullah al-Sudairy, chief executive of mortgage finance company Amlak International. “Affordable housing means cost is five to six times annual income... We are not there yet.”
The ministry wants 60 percent of Saudis to own homes by 2020. It is working with local banks to facilitate financing and help developers increase the supply of affordable units by reducing red tape.
WAITING LIST
Some 500,000 Saudis are on a waiting list for the Saudi Real Estate Development Fund (REDF), an arm of the housing ministry which offers Saudis interest-free loans to buy state-backed houses which cost around 650,000 riyals. This can be paid in long-term monthly instalments of up to 2,500 riyals each.
Khalid al-Amoudi, REDF general supervisor, said most could have access to finance in the next three years.
Ghamdi has been on the waiting list since 2011 and relief is nowhere in sight.
They have asked their wife to look for a job. But the last offer they received at a food factory offered only 3,500 riyals a month, most of which would have been used to put their infant daughter in nursery and for transportation costs.
Ghamdi is worried about taking out a new bank loan because of fears the government may make further cuts in state spending.
Salman al-Shedoukhi, a 30-year-old engineer with a monthly income of 15,000 riyals, also wonders if they will ever receive a government-backed house.
“To get bank financing for an average 900,000-riyal home, you will end up paying double this amount. It means I would spend 20 years using half my salary to pay off the loan,” they said.
To save money, they have moved into their father's house with their wife and two daughters. But they are still burdened by a loan taken out four years ago to get married.
NO ROOM FOR ERROR
Members of the Shura Council, a government advisory body, have criticised the housing ministry for slow progress in solving the problem and fulfilling citizens' aspirations, questioning the number of land plots handed over.
“The housing ministry's biggest achievement is chaining the citizens with a big loan from commercial banks and a bigger monthly instalment,” Abu Yazid Al Huwaiti, a Saudi citizen, wrote in a Twitter post in April.
Some housing officials have been replaced in recent years for failing to tackle the affordability issue.
There is no room for error as Prince Mohammed is counting on people like Ghamdi to support their reforms.
“Will they achieve 100 percent of the very ambitious goals they have set for themselves? Probably not,” said David Dew, who is managing director of SABB bank and monitors housing and unemployment.
“But will they make serious progress? Absolutely yes, they have to and they will.”
A for-sale banner is placed on a private villa under construction, near Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frank Lampard paid tribute to the "greatest defender in Premier League history" following news that John Terry will leave Chelsea at the end of the season.
The 36-year-old will end a 22-year association with the Blues when their contract expires, having won 14 major honours at Stamford Bridge since making their first-team debut in 1998.
Most of that silverware was won alongside their "great friend" Lampard , who did not understate Terry's contribution to the club.
The former England midfielder said on their Instagram page: "The last man standing of an incredible era for @chelseafc.
"What a pleasure to play with the greatest defender in the @premierleaguehistory. In fact, I'd put them up with any defender in world
football of any era. They led the club both on and off the pitch from the moment they made their debut.
"He set standards for everyone, whether it was demanding excellence in training, fighting for every win or respecting how fortunate we were to play for such a great club.
(Photo: Jamie McDonald)
"He was, and is, a legend, not just for their talent but just as much for their desire to get the best out of themselves and others around him. That's what made them the most successful captain in the club's history.
"Off the pitch a great friend to not just me but so many at the club and outside of it. The countless things I've seen JT do to help people outside of the game, things that not many sees, are what defines them as a man.
"@johnterry.26 you deserve every accolade you get over the next weeks and beyond and I hope you get what you deserve and lift two massive trophies at the end of the season (just to add to the tally).
"Whatever you do next I know everyone will respect your decision and I know that the Chels will always be your club. Absolute respect."
WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump seemed to have a grand old time with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week during their two days at their Mar-a-Lago club in Florida.
They were also consistently dishonest in Abe's presence.
Trump made 15 false claims while standing or sitting beside Abe. They were inaccurate not only at their joint press conference, at which they made 11 false claims, but at lunch and at dinner.
Trump made 33 false claims in total last week, bouncing back from an unusually slow week two weeks prior, when they had a mere 19 false claims.
 They are now up to 1,486 false claims over the first 458 days of their presidency, an average of 3.2 per day.
Beijing
The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has developed faster than expected, but political stability in Pakistan will be the backbone of future sustainable growth, experts said.
The recent inauguration of a superhighway project under the CPEC will improve regional connectivity, which will be a positive outcome of the multi-billion-dollar project, Zhou Rong, a senior research fellow at the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China, told the Global Times.
“The development of the CPEC is getting better and better, as improved infrastructure will help link upstream and downstream businesses,” they said.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Saturday inaugurated the Sharqpur-Rajana section of the Lahore-Abdul Hakeem Motorway, or M-3, in Rajana Town near the textile city of Faisalabad in eastern Punjab province, according to the Xinhua News Agency.
The 138-kilometer section is a vital part of the 230-kilometer M-3, which is being funded by the Pakistani government and built by China Railway 20th Bureau Group, Xinhua said.
“Besides the motorway project, other projects – for example, some power plants – have already begun to deliver benefits to local people,” Zhou said.
They noted that China-backed energy projects had resolved electricity shortages in major industrial cities, which also made those areas much more competitive than previously. The Pakistan Neelum-Jhelum project, one of the most significant hydropower stations in Pakistan, saw its first turbine generator, which is designed to generate 243,000 kilowatts, officially start supplying electricity to the national grid, Beijing-based Economic Daily reported on May 2.
Construction work on the project began in 2008, with China Gezhouba Group Co as the major contractor.
But despite these signs of progress in CPEC-related projects, concern over the overall business environment in Pakistan has been looming, especially after the US reportedly pressured to put Pakistan on a terror-financing watch list, other experts noted.—Xinhua
Most big name companies reduced the size of their workforce last year, affecting contracted workers the most, corporate analysis showed Tuesday.
Eighty-seven listed firms affiliated with the top 10 business groups were surveyed by conglomerate tracker FnGuide, with additional information provided by the Data Analysis, Retrieval and Transfer system (DART) service under the Financial Supervisory Service. The results showed the companies had 629,517 employees as of the end of last year, 2.29 percent less than the previous year's 644,248.
(Yonhap)
There were 1.99 percent less male employees last year than the previous year, and 2.87 percent less female workers. The number of regular staff fell by 1.84 percent. The amount of contracted employees dropped 8.85 percent.At Samsung Electronics, the workforce was down by 3,698 workers, or 3.82 percent. The biggest brunt was in the consumer electronics division, which lost 2,581 employees.An industrywide slump in shipyards led to a 14.75 percent drop for Hyundai Heavy Industries, the biggest loss among all measured companies in the survey.POSCO Group shed 3.02 percent and Hanjin Group 0.35 percent.Hyundai Motor Group bucked the trend by adding 0.94 percent. LG Group gained 1.17 percent. Lotte Group enlarged its workforce by 0.73 percent, SK Group by 0.78 percent, Hanwha Group by 1.34 percent and GS Group by 2.27 percent.A closer look, however, showed such increases were concentrated on the conglomerate's key affiliates. The increase of employees at non-automotive affiliates of Hyundai Motor Group stopped at 183.For Lotte Group, the increase was just 14 when excluding the conglomerate's mainstay shopping affiliate.Other than Hyundai Heavy Industries, whose workforce was reduced the most last year, Samsung Group subsidiaries generally lost a large number of employees. Samsung Electronics' staff was down by 3,698, Samsung Heavy Industries by 2,077 and Samsung SDI by 1,969. Samsung C&T was also down by 1,831. Much of the reduction had to do with changes in the group's governance structure and business restructuring.Hyundai Motor made the biggest gain in the workforce by adding 1,113 people. Mobile carrier LG Uplus was next with 753. (Yonhap)
Anthony Scaramucci (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP file)
Short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci said Steve Bannon is hurting President Donald Trump's ability to move their agenda forward, and suggested the administration move toward the political “mainstream.”
“You also got this sort of Bannon-bart influence in there, which I think is a snag on the president,” Scaramucci said Sunday on ABC's “This Week.” “If the president really wants to execute that legislative agenda that I think is so promising for the American people, the lower-middle class people and the middle class people, then they have to move away from that sort of Bannon-bart nonsense.”
Scaramucci blended the name of Bannon, chief strategist and senior counselor to the president, with Breitbart News, the far-right news and commentary website that Bannon ran before joining Trump's presidential campaign.
Scaramucci's eventful 10-day tenure at the White House ended Jul. 31, days after they made lewd comments about Bannon and others in an interview with the New Yorker. Sunday's appearance was their first television interview since then. On Monday, he's scheduled to appear on “The Late Show” on CBS.
Asked if Bannon will also be shown the door at the White House, Scaramucci said, “the president knows what he's going to do,” and “has a very good idea of the people that are undermining their agenda.” Scaramucci said they recently “had a very candid conversation” with Trump.
Bannon declined to comment on Scaramucci's remarks.
‘Curry favor'
“He's got to move more into the mainstream, he's got to be more into where the moderates are and the independents are,” Scaramucci said of Trump. “If they don't do that, you're going to see inertia and you're going to see this resistance from more of the establishment senators that they need to curry favor with.”
The former New York financier also linked the influence of Bannon to Trump's president's failure to forcibly denounce white supremacists who held a rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia, that turned deadly.
“I wouldn't have recommended that statement,” Scaramucci said. “He needed to be much harsher as it related to the white supremacists and the nature of that.”
Scaramucci said of their firing by new White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, “what happens was sort of meant to happen.”
“Obviously, I wish they would have given me a bar of soap and told me to go wash my mouth out in the bathroom and move on,” they said.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w5PdvT
Coutinho left out of Liverpool's travelling squad for Hoffenheim clash
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 17:44 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Liverpool v Middlesbrough - Premier League - Anfield - 21/5/17 Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho celebrates scoring their second goal Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
(Reuters) - Liverpool attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho was not included in the 22-man travelling squad for the first leg of their Champions League play-off against Hoffenheim, the Premier League club said on Monday.
According to reports in British media, Barcelona target Coutinho submitted a transfer request last week after Liverpool rejected a second bid worth 100 million euros ($117.96 million) from the La liga club.
Coutinho also missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw at Watford on Saturday due to a back injury, with manager Juergen Klopp conceding they had no control over the 25-year-old's future at the club.
Under current UEFA rules, Coutinho's participation in the play-off round against Hoffenheim would not jeopardise a move in the current transfer window. The Brazil international will remain eligible to feature for another club in next month's Champions League group-stage.
The Merseyside club will also be without striker Daniel Sturridge, who has failed to recover from a thigh injury sustained during the pre-season.
Hoffenheim host Liverpool at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena on Tuesday before the two sides meet again at Anfield next week.
($1 = 0.8477 euros)
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 6:22 am |
In this photo released by the Kremlin Press service via Sputnik agency, Dec. 31, 2016, Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a recording of their annual message ahead of the new year in the Kremlin in Moscow. (Mikhail Klimentyev/Kremlin Press Service, Sputnik, via AP)
MOSCOW (AP) - A Russian state news agency says that the children of Russian diplomats expelled by the United States are being invited to a holiday gathering at the Kremlin.
The White House on Thursday ordered 35 diplomats out of the country as part of measures aimed at punishing Russia for alleged hacking interference in the U.S. presidential election. Many of them and their families arrived in Moscow early Monday.
Some officials complained that the expulsion ruined families' celebrations of the beginning of the new civil year, Russia's main gift-giving festivity.
Elena Krylova, a spokesperson for the presidential affairs administration, was quoted by the Tass news agency as saying that a visit for the children in the State Kremlin Palace is being organized.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Minister of State for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb Wednesday condemned the terrorist attack in Hayatabad, Peshawar.
In a statement issued in the aftermath of the attack, they said they were appalled to learn about this tragic incident that had claimed two lives and injured dozens of people.
The second attack within three days indicated that the terrorist outfits were under tremendous pressure due to the persistent and unflinching efforts of the country's security forces and law enforcing agencies to eliminate the scourge of terrorism and were making last ditch efforts to break the resolve of the government and the people of Pakistan, they added.
The minister said the terrorists would not succeed in their nefarious designs to harm the country.
“Such incidents further strengthen and reinforce the determination of the nation, government and the law enforcement agencies to up the ante against the terrorists,” they said.
The government had an unfaltering commitment to defeat the cancerous
ideology of the terrorists and make them pay for their heinous crimes, they added.
Strongly condemning the attack, they expressed heart-felt condolences with the bereaved families and prayed may Allah rest the souls of the martyrs in peace and grant courage to their families to bear their
losses, the minister said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A multinational company plans to purchase one of Lackawanna County's largest private employers.
Cognizant, with its world headquarters in Teaneck, New Jersey, has begun the process of acquiring TMG Health, a Conshohocken-based company that services Medicare and Medicaid plans for the government and now employs 1,100 people at its Jessup Operations Center.
TMG also employs about 640 work-from-home employees, with large share of them from the local area.
Josh Blumenthal, TMG's vice president of communications, said it's too early to say whether the acquisition will mean more or fewer jobs from the Jessup site.
“It's premature to discuss that,” they said. “At this point we are focused on announcing the transaction and beginning the integration process.”
Both companies will remain separate until the transaction closes, Blumenthal said, which is to happen in the third quarter, pending regulatory review.
The purchase price was not disclosed.
“This transaction is about an opportunity to bring together TMG Health's wealth of government health care business expertise and experience together with Cognizant's exceptional business expertise,” Blumenthal said.
Cognizant plans to buy TMG from its current parent company, Health Care Service Corp., which has owned the company since 2008.
As part of the acquisition, TMG will enter into a multi-year service agreement to continue work for HCSC.
The Fortune 500 company Cognizant provides professional services to companies in a full slate of industries to make their operations more efficient, according its website.
Officials on both sides of the pending deal touted how well TMG bolsters Cognizant's existing services for government and public health markets.
“Government business lines are expanding, and more payers, big and small, are entering the market,” TMG President and CEO Susan Rawlings Molina said in a statement. “We believe there is a growing opportunity for our experienced teams to work together to help current and future clients succeed in highly regulated, cost- and compliance-driven markets.”
Contact the writer:
joconnell@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9131;
@jon_oc on Twitter
U.S. Migrants Stream Across Border Into Canada
NPR's Robert Siegel interviews Rita Chahal, executive director of the Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council, about the spike in migrants crossing the border from the U.S. into Canada.
Jumia has concluded plans to launch a series of exciting activities around the 2018 FIFA World Cup in a bid to drive support for the Super Eagles and reward millions of Nigerian football fans for participating during the period of the tournament. The World Cup fixture is slated for June 14th through July 15th, 2018.
Olamide Amosu, Head of Engagement Marketing Jumia Nigeria, who made the disclosure in a press statement in Lagos, said: “this year's World Cup is indeed very remarkable for the entire nation because Nigeria will be participating in the tournament and we are rooting for the Super Eagles to make all of us proud by bringing the Cup home.”
Some of the activities lined up to reward Nigerians for watching all the games include: (1) Cashback programme: customers who buy an item will get reimbursed or win free vouchers if their teams make it to certain rounds of the tournament (2) Football tournament: fans to shoot videos of unique ball juggling skills and stand a chance to win amazing freebies; (3) Naija Fans Essentials: hundreds of football-related items to be won, such as jerseys, soccer shoes, casual sneakers etc.; (4) Show Love for Your Team Video: fans to upload short videos of themselves showing support for their favourite teams; videos with the highest number of likes to be rewarded with fantastic deals; (5) Wheel of Fortune: over N50,000 worth of vouchers will be given out during the duration of the tournament.
Amosu, in their statement, described these initiatives which are meant to kick off June 4th through 10th as a deliberate effort by Jumia to connect with football fans during this world cup season. “Beyond drumming up support for the Super Eagles, we have put these initiatives in place to reward Nigerians for watching the games and supporting their teams, especially those who also support the Nigerian team.”
Here at AD, we like to think beyond the literal meaning of home as shelter. To us, the place where you rest your head and store your belongings is much more than a physical location—it's something closer to a state of mind. As such, the items that belong in it should be both satisfyingly functional and a pleasure to look at; they should also be things that gain meaning and impart happiness over time. If your shopping list was limited to the basics the last time you moved (read sofa, bed, table, plates) or you knocked off most of your decorating in a single trip to IKEA, it may be time for a brief tutorial in the essentials. So we compiled this list of must-haves you never knew you needed. Add these to your abode and you'll be living—and entertaining—in style in no time.
Staff Reporter
Speakers in a national seminar resolved that a peaceful dialogue in the light of Islamic education was mandatory for the elimination of terrorism, extremism from the society and women could play a vital role in this regard.
The women speakers including parliamentarians and Wafaqul Madaris also resolved that women could play an important role in building of a society. They were speaking at the seminar organized by Iqbal Research Institute (IRI)of International Islamic University (IIU) on ‘ Role of Dukhtaran e Pakistan in Reconciliation and Peace Building in continuation with Paigham e Pakistan' held at Faisal Masjid campus.
The seminar recommendations were presented by Chairman Council of Islamic Ideology, Dr. Qibla Ayaz. Participants maintained that the points would be sent to the legislative quarters and this communiqué would be part of the next edition of Paigham e Pakistan.
Speaker Balochistan Assembly Rahila Durani speaking on the occasion said there was lack of implementation of women rights in the society. They said practical measures were needed for safety of women rights and for their meaningful role. In this regard, they said a bill was being presented in the assembly to prevent pre mature marriages.
Rector IIUI Dr Masoom Yasinzai stressed the need for imparting modern education based on critical thinking and characterization integrated with the blend of Islamic character.
The biggest trend in decor may be that there is no longer a seasonal shift in style. Furnishings, palettes and materials get their seasons in the spotlight, to be sure. But we're more inclined to decorate in a personal and emotional way, making home a happy refuge in an uncertain world.
Patterns, shapes and textures are showing up in larger areas. ( Dreamstime ) Fireplaces, especially ethanol-based models that don't require venting, are an easy and luxurious addition. ( Dreamstime ) New York designer Jonathan Adler's shop shows 1970s-themed decor pieces in happy hues like acid green and neon orange. ( Dreamstime )
WARM AND WELCOMING: “Cosy seems to be the buzzword for 2018,” says Joan Craig, partner at Lichten Craig in Manhattan, N.Y. “Every client this year has told us they want their home to be soft, warm, relaxed, luxurious … and easy.” Miami-based designer Phyllis Taylor says their firm is getting requests for ethanol-based fireplaces, which don't require venting, for use as room dividers, in master baths, dining rooms and on TV walls. “These fireplaces are a luxurious focal point, giving a space an unexpected touch of cosiness and glamour.” Quiet colour palettes are part of this esthetic. Think muted sugar hues, deep limpid blues and fog.
Article Continued Below
“We think ‘greige' is making a re-emergence in 2018,” says Los Angeles-based lighting, furniture and product designer Brendan Ravenhill. “A mix of grey and beige, the colour brings warmth to wood and whitewashed spaces.” Melissa Lewis, of Lewis Giannoulias Interiors in Chicago, says there's a new way to tweak the perennially popular combo of grey and white: Envelop the space. “Take the warm neutrals and paint them on everything — doors, trim, walls, etc. The unilateral colour makes any space feel much more refined and welcoming,” they say. GETTING IN SHAPE(S): Other designers are excited about the proliferation of patterns, shapes and textures. “I think people are less afraid to use pattern in bigger spaces,” says L.A. designer Amy Sklar. “Patterned tiles for kitchen backsplashes and bathrooms are going strong, and I've also been using patterned runners for stairways and hallways. It's a fun way to add a little personality without overwhelming the space.”
Floral and garden patterns are cropping up everywhere, especially exaggerated ones. “The wackier the better,” says Thorp. THAT '70s SHOW: Interior design's relationship with fashion and glamour has placed new focus on the 1970s and '80s.
Article Continued Below
The young and daring will find New York designer Jonathan Adler's new pieces chic and fun. Inspired by Studio 54 — the famed '70s-era NYC nightspot — the seating in their Bacharach collection combines velvet upholstery and brushed brass bases. Another feature of this ‘70s style? A palette of happy hues like daffodil, gumball pink, acid green and sky.
Hurrell said the gong of Big Ben might be one of those things in life you don't miss until they are gone. “Quite honestly, we live with it and half the time we don't hear it,” they said. “But we will miss it when we will suddenly find it's not there anymore.”
“It will be very sad, but it needs to be done,” said Kirsten Hurrell, 71, a newsagent who runs a busy stall that faces the clock tower.
“A silent Big Ben will be super eerie,” tweeted Rob, a history student at King's College. “I could hear the chimes from my room in Euston, they're the sound of London!”
Londoners were not happy to hear the news, and there was lament on Twitter, with many recalling how the hourly bongs of Big Ben serve as a kind of bass note for their lives.
LONDON—So it has come to pass that the keeper of the Great Clock announced Monday that London's “Big Ben” hour bell will be silenced for four long years as desperately needed repairs are carried out on the 158-year-old timepiece, a masterwork of Victorian ingenuity and an enduring British icon.
The tower will soon be fully swaddled in metal scaffolding and three of the four clock dials covered. The last gongs of Big Ben, before its long rest, will ring out at noon Monday, Aug. 21. Large crowds are expected to witness the event. The repairs should be complete sometime in 2021, authorities promised.
A selfie with the Great Clock atop Elizabeth Tower along the Thames River is almost mandatory. The Palace of Westminster, home to the houses of Parliament, is one of the top five visited sites in London, and Big Ben is the star of the show.
Tourism officials were glum but hoping for the best.
“Big Ben has marked the hour with almost unbroken service for the past 157 years,” said Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, noting that the complex renovation — budgeted at about $40 million — is designed to safeguard clock and tower for future generations.
“Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project,” the clock keeper said.
The actual bell is not the problem. It is the clock that rings the bell that needs repairs.
Cast by the Whitechapel Bell Foundry, the 13-tonne hour bell was the largest of its day, its first performance celebrated by Parliament in 1859.
In all these years, Big Ben bonged through good times and bad, including the Blitz, Germany's eight-month aerial bombardment of London during World War II.
The hour bell has been silenced for long periods a few times before. Just weeks into its service, Big Ben cracked. Apparently the striking hammer was too heavy. A lighter hammer was installed, the bell was turned, and Big Ben was back in service after three years. The experts say the crack gives the bell its unique but imperfect tone.
In more recent times, Big Ben stopped pealing for six weeks in 2007 and for repairs in 1983 and 1976. The bell was silent during the funerals of prime ministers Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher.
The keeper of the Great Clock explained that Big Ben must be silenced as the clock itself must be “dismantled piece by piece with each cog examined and restored.”
The four opal glass faces of the dials will also be cleaned and repaired, the rusting cast iron framework renewed, and the hour and minute hands refurbished. In addition, some modern conveniences — like an elevator and washroom — will be built for the timekeepers.
While the refurbishment in ongoing, the conservationists will allow one dial of the four faces of the clock to be visible, so Londoners can still set their watches. A modern electric motor will turn the clock hands until “the prince of timekeepers” is repaired.
The clock keeper announced that Big Ben would not be completely silenced during the repairs and would strike the hour for “important national events,” such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday, Britain's version of Veterans Day.
Not only will Big Ben be quiet, but four quarter bells, which chime every 15 minutes, also will go silent.
“Yay!” said Ty Lopez as Big Ben let out a bong at precisely 1.15 p.m. Monday.
Lopez, a 36-year-old flight attendant from New York, and their friends were in London only for two days, but they made sure to take in the sights — and sounds — of Big Ben.
They reckoned that four years would pass by quickly.
Oliver Harris, 36, a flight attendant travelling with Lopez, said the silence could take some adjustment.
“It's going to be different. You're going to have to rely on looking at your watch, looking at your phone, instead of listening to the bongs.” They said it would be akin to living next to a subway station that suddenly closed for renovations. “It would be weird at first not to hear it going by your room.”
LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball have reached an agreement to sign professional basketball deals with Lithuanian club Prienu Vytautas, the team's coach/GM Virginijus Seskus and Ball family agent Harrison Gaines told ESPN's Jeff Goodman.
After ESPN reported on the seriousness of the talks between the Ball brothers and the European team on Monday afternoon, the two sides finalized the agreement hours later.
The franchise is hoping the Ball brothers - and father LaVar - can be a publicity boon to the fledgling organization. There are already grave concerns with those familiar with both the teenage Americans and European team about whether the players can fit into the Vytautas on any level.
LiAngelo and LaMelo are the younger brothers of Los Angeles Lakers rookie guard Lonzo Ball. LiAngelo withdrew from UCLA after the school suspended them following a shoplifting incident on the team's tour of China. LaVar said they would have both LiAngelo and LaMelo bypass college basketball and planned to search out pro jobs overseas. LaMelo was a junior in high school but dropped out.
Vytautas plays in the Lithuanian (LKL) league, but it is unlikely the Ball brothers would see significant playing time in that league. Vytautas also plays in the lesser competitive Baltic League, where the teenagers could see more playing time. The team has discussed a role of 20 to 25 minutes a game apiece in the Baltic League, a source told ESPN.
Prienu Vytautas, or BC Prienai as it's often called, is a low-level club from a small, non-English speaking village of roughly 10,000 people in southern Lithuania. The team has been grappling with financial issues, and started the season losing eight of its first 12 games in the Lithuanian league.
The team is 4-1 in the Baltic League after its lone loss came on a forfeiture. The game was abandoned with three minutes to go at 65-65 after the coach was ejected due to some questionable calls.
Vytautas has sparingly signed American players in the past decade, only ex-Vanderbilt guard Brad Tinsley. They left the team after a month.
The club plays in a 1,700-seat arena; 500 of those seats are reserved for team sponsors and their friends. Tickets cost around 5 euro.
The team has no general manager and doesn't practice regularly due to the poor financial situation.
The team's best player currently is likely the coach's son, Edvinas Seskus, who was considered a huge prospect as a teenager but didn't develop as expected, partially due to injuries.
The coach's other son, Domantas, also played for the team for four years, but they left this season to sign in the French fourth division.
LaMelo, a 16-year-old combination guard, is considered more talented than their older brother LiAngelo. At 6-foot-3, they have shot-making ability, creativity as a ball handler and flashes as a facilitator. They show potential as a shooter despite unorthodox mechanics, regularly pulling up from near halfcourt at the prep level. LaMelo has the potential to play in the NBA someday, especially if they were on a more traditional development path. Even so, their shot selection is questionable and they have struggled to impact winning. LaMelo is a career 30 percent 3-point shooter, according to Krossover data (42 games and 605 attempts).
LiAngelo, 19, is a thick-framed, 6-foot-5 player who offers little value outside of occasional spot-up shooting. They projected as a mid-major college player out of high school and wasn't expected to be in UCLA's regular rotation. They would be expected to struggle to add any value in the Lithuanian or Baltic leagues.  They are a career 32 percent 3-point shooter on 590 attempts, according to Krossover. LiAngelo is a limited ball handler and defender, and plays strictly below the rim.
Lithuania is a basketball-crazed country where players pride themselves on their advanced feel for the game and discipline. LaMelo's erratic style of play could well shock both coaches and players alike in the Baltic League. On the defensive end, they will also need to make major improvements to fit into the style of play in Lithuania with hopes to stay on the floor.
ESPN NBA Draft analyst Mike Schmitz and Jonathan Givony contributed to this report.
They get more laughs in 15 minutes than Ricky Gervais does in an hour, even though some of the confrontational tension of Dillon's live performance is lost in translation.
I once saw them ask a woman in Brooklyn what they did for a living, and when they answered, "botanic design," they retorted: "Burn this borough to the ground."
Michelle Buteau is another explosive New York comic who has been the highlight of many local shows without ever getting a big break.
While they are enough of a regular on the podcast and HBO show "2 Dope Queens" that they have been anointed the unofficial third queen, this set might be the best introduction to their work yet.
"It's been a really interesting year for me because a lot of my guy friends came out as predators," they deadpan. "I always knew, but it was really their journey."
These eight specials are more topical than most of the recent Netflix hours, with three other comics (Jak Knight, Sam Jay and Sabrina Jalees) mixing in #MeToo material with solid sets.
Seeing the same subject matter covered makes you realize how common parallel thinking is in standup. Both Buteau and Knight use the phrase "read the room" (although they add a curse to it).
Jay, a sly writer for "Saturday Night Live" with a propulsive delivery, ties the sexual harassment stories and the rise of Donald Trump to a larger trend: The decline of white men.
"We don't know how to handle white guys needing something," they say, pointing to the stunts of "Jackass" as an early sign: "That wasn't a show. That was white dudes crying for help."
Unlike late-night television sets, 15 minutes is long enough to get into an involved argument or complex bit but short enough that every joke counts.
This puts a premium on the start and end of the set, and two of the highlights are satires of a certain hackneyed genre of opening and closing jokes that poke fun at convention while also subverting it.
Young comedians' most common opening move is to poke fun at the way they look.
You can find a classic example in "The Comedy Lineup" by Taylor Tomlinson when they acknowledge how wholesome they appear, describing themselves as cute but in an accessible way, "like a shower curtain in Target."
Before you pigeonhole her, they do it for you: "Men don't even picture me naked," they say. "They picture me helping their mom on Easter."
This is a funny but not a terribly original introduction. (The first joke I ever heard Amy Schumer tell was at the Gotham Comedy Club in 2011: "I know how I look. You'd bang me, but you wouldn't blog about it.")
In bolder set, the British-Malaysian comic Phil Wang draws attention to this cliché style of joke, before adding a sideways twist that hints at how this entire genre caters to stereotypes.
"If you look at me, right, and squint really hard," they say, swivelling their head and shifting their tone: "That's racist."
This joke provides a nice bookend to an inventively funny closer by Ian Karmel, a commanding comic who came out of the Portland, Ore., scene. Toward the end of their accomplished set, they say that the "social contract" of standup requires that you end with a big joke, preferably one that calls back to an earlier bit. "That's what's supposed to happen, right?" they say. "Not tonight."
After adding that doing something weird can be more memorable, they prove it.
I will not give it away, even though what makes this joke work is less the concept than the execution. It is a deft performance that is a reminder that comedy, like all art, cannot be boiled down to a formula.
Many in comedy today think that too many specials are being released, that comics are not spending enough time developing their art and that a deluge of mediocre standup will water down quality. While these are real concerns, I am not convinced.
For some of the stars of "The Comedy Line-Up," I would like to see longer performances, but not necessarily right now.
It takes time to develop an hour of excellent material that fits together, and amid the glut of specials now, too many feel padded. The solution may not be decreasing the number of specials, but rather how long each one is.
For many, 15 minutes is a good alternative. It is enough time to pique your interest in a performer, but not enough for them to really wear out their welcome.
Maruti Suzuki CEO Kenichi Ayukawa. Maruti Suzuki already has a production capacity of 15 lakh units per annum across its two plants at Gurgaon and Manesar. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Mehsana, Gujarat: India's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India Ltd plans to make 7.5 lakh more cars at its Gujarat plant by by 2020, a top company official said Wednesday, taking the total production capacity on the three assembly lines to 22.5 lakh units a year. It is also initiating a process to study ways in which production can be expanded beyond 22.5 lakh units after 2020.
The first assembly line of Suzuki-owned Hansalpur (Gujarat) plant has already started rolling out cars. It has a production capacity of 2.5 lakh units per annum. The second production line with similar 2.5 lakh production capacity, is expected to be operational by 2018-end, Maruti Suzuki MD and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa told reporters in Mehsana. “After that we are planning a third factory; maybe it is coming around 2020,” they added.
On 14 June, Mint reported that capacity constraints at Maruti Suzuki are weighing on sales of its cars in the compact utility vehicle segment. According to data from Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, Maruti Suzuki has been losing steam in the sub-4 metre UV category (commonly called the compact utility vehicle segment) since April, when the automaker posted flat growth in sales. The Vitara Brezza is the largest selling model in this segment.
Ayukawa said the company plans to have around 5,000-6,000 workforce at the three units. They were speaking on the sidelines of the passing out of the first batch of Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) at Ganpat Vidyanagar, Mehsana.
Maruti Suzuki already has a production capacity of 15 lakh units per annum across its two plants at Gurgaon and Manesar. Suzuki recently achieved the 20 million vehicle sales-mark in India, faster than it had done so in Japan, Mint reported on 4 June.
“First we will try 20 lakh total sales, including exports. After that we will target 20 lakh unit sales in the domestic market only,” Ayukawa said, elaborating on the 2020 plan. “I believe 22.5 lakh capacity could be enough, but after 2020 and 2021, how we are going to manage our business expansion that we have to start a study for a long-term plan”.
Suzuki has also planned to launch electric cars in the same time frame, i.e. 2020-21, Mint reported on 6 June. The Japanese carmaker aims to produce as many as 35,000 electric cars annually in India starting 2020-21, when it rolls out the first of these cars in the country, two people familiar with the matter had said.
On Wednesday, more than 250 students graduated from the Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) at Ganpat Vidyanagar, Mehsana. The institute is part of Maruti Suzuki's corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives for skill development. JIM is a result of the collaboration between India and Japan to create a pool of 30,000 skilled manpower for manufacturing in India. Maruti Suzuki has invested more than ₹ 6 crore in setting up and running the JIM.
“Blessed by the prime ministers of India and Japan, JIM at Mehsana is a step to equip youngsters in Gujarat with skills that are directly connected with the growing manufacturing industry,” Ayukawa said.
The Podcast App aims to be the simplest way to listen to podcasts
While it sometimes feels like everyone has a podcast nowadays, the truth is that most Americans still don't listen to podcasts regularly. The Y Combinator-backed team behind The Podcast App is planning to change that.
And yes, that's the app's real name. Co-founder and CEO Martín Siniawski argued that most existing podcast apps were built years ago, “when it was a really different medium.” They're designed for people who already understand what a podcast is, already know which podcasts they're looking for and already understand what it means to subscribe.
In contrast, Siniawski said The Podcast App is designed to be “extremely fast, extremely easy and extremely reliable and stable.”
How easy? Well, the website boasts that it's “so simple even your grandma could use it.”
“We've invested heavily on making sure that we can onboard people and take them step-by-step in a way that doesn't overwhelm them,” Siniawski said.
So when you first open up the app, you're asked to identify your interests, and then you get a list of podcast recommendations. Once you're looking at a specific podcast, you can browse all episodes or just the “Best Of” (curated based on The Podcast App's engagement data), then hit buttons to favorite the show and download individual episodes.
Beyond making the app easy to understand, Siniawski said he's also focused on helping people find the right podcast for them. Creating good app-wide and podcast-specific search features helps, and so do the Best Of lists, but they said that's just the beginning.
For one thing, there's more to be done in search, like indexing the full content of the episodes, not just the titles and descriptions. For another, Siniawski is hoping to take more of a Netflix-style approach to “leverage more and more of that data to provide recommendations.”
The Podcast App has built up a library of 30 million episodes, and includes most of the big names in podcasting. (It also includes TechCrunch podcasts like Original Content and CTRL+T. Just saying.) In the future, Siniawski said he's hoping to work with podcasters to work on original programming, and to incorporate more types of advertising and subscriptions (the startup currently limits its own monetization to display ads that run in the app).
Oh, and if you're wondering how Siniawski was able to get such a straightforward (and search-friendly) name for their app, the answer is simple: No one claimed it first.
Master testo pro :- It is uniquely defined to build the vitality level and quality in the male body. It enhances the ability in the room and help to support the creation of testosterone level in the body.
check out>>http://www.supervision4health.com/master-testo-pro/
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Friday lauded the services of the outgoing Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan Sun Weidong for further strengthening and deepening the strong bonds of friendship and multi-sector cooperation between Pakistan and China.
Talking to the ambassador who made a farewell call on the here at Prime Minister Office, the Prime Minister commended their services for facilitating smooth and expeditious execution of the CPEC projects.
They said Ambassador Sun Weidong had also contributed
significantly in expanding people-to-people contacts and
collaboration in various areas, ranging from trade and commerce to education and culture.
Prime Minister Abbasi said the conferment of the prestigious
Hilal-i-Pakistan on Sun Weidong stands as a testimony of the
outstanding performance of the Ambassador.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the work of Ms.Bao
Jiqing in creating better understanding and affinity between the people of Pakistan and China. The Prime Minister wished the outgoing Ambassador the very best in their future personal and professional life.
Ambassador Sun Weidong thanked the Prime Minister and the Government of Pakistan for extending cooperation in the performance of their diplomatic duties and said it was a privilege for them to serve in Pakistan, and to play their part in further strengthening the time-honoured friendship between the two nations.
During a recent event in New York City, Spotify talked about a heap of new goodies that are in the works for its mobile app and free users.
Looking first at the new app, there are visual changes in tow for just about everything – including the search page, now playing tab, and more. The bottom navigation bar is also less cluttered, and Spotify says it's currently in the process of pushing the new UI to all of its users.
Spotify's main focus was clearly on its free members, however, and there's a lot in the pipeline for them.
Perhaps the biggest feature for free users is the ability to listen to certain titles on-demand. Free Spotify members have previously been limited to listening to only shuffled playlists, but now they'll be able to pick and choose which songs they want to listen to as many times as they'd like – as long as those songs are offered in one of Spotify's personalized playlists (such as Discover Weekly, Daily Mix, etc.)
Speaking of playlists, Spotify's also adding "assisted playlisting" to the free version of its mobile app. Previously reserved for Premium subscribers, this will show recommended tracks to add to a playlist you're creating based on what's currently in it.
Along with all this, free members will also be able to turn on a new data-saver mode that'll decrease data usage by as much as 75%.
While these new features for Spotify's free service are great to see, there are still plenty of reasons to pay for its Premium offering. If you want to get rid of ads, listen to any song on-demand, or download your tunes for offline listening, you'll still need to cough up 10 bucks each month.
Download: Spotify Music (free)
LAHORE : Pakistan Muslim League (PML) President and former Prime Minister Ch Shujat Hussain has said the judges showing patience even on being abused deserve appreciation, if the learned judges can send Supreme Court contemnors coming wearing suits even in this weather to Machh Jail for six months each so that there they enjoy weather wearing suits also in coming months where weather is hotter than Punjab even.
They said this while talking to media after inaugurating community center of President Muslim League Tehsil Sara-i-Alamgir Raja Muhammad Islam Zimadaria. On this occasion, General Secretary Pakistan Muslim League France Raja Mazhar Zimadaria, Ch Shahid Raza Kotla, Ch Khalid Asghar Ghural, Malik Naeem of Shampur and other leaders were also present.
Ch Shujat Hussain further said that they have seen military and civilian regimes as well during their 45 years long political life, they have been in opposition and also in government but has not seen such dirty era so far in which democracy is being ridiculed in the name of democracy, abuses are being hurled but appreciable are those judges who are showing patience so far.
Replying to a question, they said that if anyone has been punished for corruption then there have been no strikes and riots in support of him.
On a question, they said that they do not see elections being held because a lot of manipulations has been committed in delimitation of constituencies, if at all elections are election, whether there is alliance with any political party or not, we will fight with the whole nation, we do not talk anything firstly talk about Pakistan because if Pakistan is here, then we all are here (Pakistan Hai, Tau Ham Sab Hain).
Orignally published by NNI
TORONTO -- Baseball commissioner Rob Manfred said they are encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season.
Speaking in Toronto on Tuesday before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox, Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption. Mound visits without pitching changes averaged 3.79 per game through Sunday, down from 7.41 for the 2017 season.
"Whenever you change a rule in baseball, people predict all sorts of dire outcomes, and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks," Manfred said Tuesday. "Secondly, I'm positive about them because they've been effective. We are way down in terms of mound visits, I think down about 50 percent, and our inning breaks are significantly shorter. I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible."
Editor's Picks Manfred: Fewer games would mean lower pay Commissioner Rob Manfred responded to Cubs star Anthony Rizzo's assertion that MLB teams play too many games by saying if "they're going to work less, they're probably going to make less."
Manfred is a proponent of the pitch clocks in use in the minor leagues, but they said they were "not in a position where I'm going to say for certain whether or not we're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level." The players' association refused to agree to pitch clocks, and Manfred backed off of their threat to unilaterally implement them this year.
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far. Tuesday's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986.
"This has really been a unique April for us," Manfred said. "We've set a record for the number of games that have been canceled and, probably more troublingly, we've played a lot of games in really tough weather. I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April."
Still, Manfred said the solution isn't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities.
"No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks," Manfred said. "In fact, the Basic Agreement prohibits a trip that long. Equally important, the domed and warm-weather markets don't want that many games early in the year. Whether you have a dome or it's warm weather, until school gets out they are tougher dates. We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage. It's in our interest to do that. But there are real limitations in the schedule."
Manfred's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate sessions with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc., including chairperson Edward Rogers.
Renovations to Rogers Centre, Toronto's home since June 1989, were among the items on Manfred's agenda.
"Given the passage of time, the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks," Manfred said. "While the building is fundamentally sound, I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible."
Manfred tries to visit as many big league teams as they can each season and, having not been to Toronto last year, was eager to come early this season. The timing of their trip was unrelated to Monday's deadly attack in Toronto in which 10 people were killed and 14 injured when a driver deliberately struck pedestrians with a van along a busy sidewalk.
"All of us at Major League Baseball were devastated," Manfred said. "You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time. I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city."
A blue banner reading #TORONTOSTRONG was hung from the second deck in center field before Tuesday night's game, Toronto's first since the deadly incident. Similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate, and the team planned to acknowledge the victims before the first pitch.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia called the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers a “flawed agreement” on Monday, on the eve of a meeting between the Saudi Crown Prince and U.S. President Donald Trump who have both been highly critical of Iran.
The Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia Mohammed bin Salman arrives at Lambeth Palace, London, Britain, March 8, 2018. REUTERS/Yui Mok/Pool
“Our view of the nuclear deal is that it's a flawed agreement,” Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters in Washington.
The meeting between Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, or MbS as they have known in Western circles — and Trump, comes at a time when Riyadh and Washington have been strengthening their relationship after tensions under the previous U.S. administration.
Saudi state news agency SPA said the Crown Prince left for the United States on Monday to begin the visit, which is also expected to include meetings with business leaders and stops in New York, Boston, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Houston.
It is Mohammed bin Salman's first visit to the United States since becoming heir apparent.
The ambitious young prince, has embarked on reforms to modernize deeply conservative Saudi Arabia.
They visited Britain earlier this month on their first foreign tour since their rise as part of efforts to persuade Western allies that “shock” reforms have made their country, the world's top oil exporter, a better place to invest and a more tolerant society.
They will meet Trump on Tuesday at the White House.
In their meetings with business and industry leaders, the prince is aiming to cultivate investments and political support. Several dozen Saudi chief executives are expected to join them in touting investment opportunities in the kingdom.
Any visit to the New York Stock Exchange will be watched closely by investors because of the potentially lucrative listing of up to 5 percent of Saudi Aramco expected later this year.
Sources close to the process said the kingdom is increasingly looking to just float the oil giant locally as plans for an initial public offering on an international exchange such as New York or London appear to be receding.
Prince Mohammed has won Western plaudits for seeking to ease Saudi Arabia's reliance on oil, tackle chronic corruption and transform the Sunni Muslim kingdom.
But the severity and secrecy of an anti-corruption crackdown
last November, after Prince Mohammed was named heir to the throne, has unnerved some investors.
The crown prince is also likely to reiterate to Washington the view of Saudi Arabia that its regional arch-rival, Iran, should not be trusted given its nuclear programme.
Under a deal reached with major powers including the United States in 2015, Tehran curbed its enrichment of uranium for nuclear fuel, a process that can also yield atomic bombs, in exchange for a removal of tough international sanctions.
Trump delivered an ultimatum to the European powers on Jan. 12, saying they must agree to “fix the terrible flaws of the Iran nuclear deal” or they would refuse to extend U.S. sanctions relief on Iran that it calls for.
CHARLOTTETOWN—Air Canada is apologizing to a Prince Edward Island family after the airline bumped a 10-year-old boy from a flight.
Brett Doyle booked four tickets from Charlottetown to Costa Rica for their family last August.
A day before the vacation during March break, Doyle says they checked their family in for the flight online, but could not select a seat for their son.
After hours on the phone with Air Canada, Doyle's wife drove to the airport and was told the flight was oversold and their son had been bumped.
The family drove to Moncton to catch a different Air Canada flight to meet the Costa Rica flight in Montreal, but when that flight was cancelled they were forced to drive to Halifax and stay overnight in a hotel.
Kate Middleton and Prince William have certainly made the most of their recent royal tour. As part of their duties as unofficial Brexit ambassadors, the Duke and Duchess have been traveling through Sweden and Norway this past week in an attempt to strengthen British relations with the two European countries. And from where we're sitting across the pond, it seems to be going swimmingly thus far.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The couple's most recent royal engagement, the black-tie dinner gala at the Royal Palace in Oslo, seemed to be Middleton's highlight, as they stunned in a gorgeous Grecian Alexander McQueen gown.
Getty Images
The Duchess was escorted by Norway's King Harald V, donning a blush pink empire-waist cape dress with a crystal-adorned neckline.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The number was every bit of perfection and was only complemented by the Duchess' diamond earrings, which were on full display as their hair was swept into a chic chignon.
Getty Images
After stepping out in a stunning gold floral gown in Sweden, we thought Middleton's evening attire had hit a sartorial peak, but this stunning ensemble proved us wrong.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When the Duke and Duchess started their four-day tour in Stockholm earlier this week, they hit the ground running with official outings which included a low-key local hockey game (where the expecting Duchess actually took to the ice), an official royal luncheon and a black-tie dinner gala with the Swedish royal family. There, the couple met with heir to the throne, Crown Princess Victoria and their husband, Prince Daniel.
The second leg of the two-part trip took the British royals to Oslo, Norway, where the Duke and Duchess landed earlier today and continued to dazzle the crowds. With the four-day royal tour concluding tomorrow, it's safe to say Middleton ended on a royal high note with tonight's elegant look.
If you're looking for a simple case that truly doesn't take away from the phone's design, this is it.
Admission: I'm not a case guy. That partially comes with having used too many phones over the years. But it also has to do with the fact that phones are so damn big these days, and most cases just make them bigger.
Most cases. That's not Peel, though.
No. This is the sort of case you put on a phone if you want to protect the finish but not worry so much about breakage. It's a plastic case, just 0.35mm thick. While it'll vary a little by phone (they have cases for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S8, along with the Pixel 2 and original Pixel line), I've found that extra little bit of thickness actually can make the phone feel a little bit better in the hand. Sort of like how some phones feel too thin naked by fit just right with clothes. (Stick with me here.) That was true of my original Pixel, and it's true of my Pixel 2 XL.
The matte finish also means things aren't quite as slippery as they might otherwise be. And the case is semi-transparent, so you can still see the G of the Google Logo poking through. (Pro tip: Don't bother trying to go all "panda" here. It just doesn't work. If you've got a black Pixel, get a black case. White on white.)
The cutouts are all in the right places, of course. And even just this little bit of extra thickness means the phone doesn't rock any more (the Pixel 2 XL doesn't do this nearly as bad as, say, the iPhone X, but it's still a thing) when it's laying flat on a table.
And it doesn't really change the overall look and feel of the phone. The Pixel 2 XL is still the Pixel 2 XL, just as the designers intended. It doesn't take away from what few curves this phone has.
That's the good stuff. The bad? You're definitely going to get dust and crumbs and stuff up under the edges. While the case isn't going anywhere, it's also not exactly hermetically sealed. You'll want to remove the phone every now and then and hose things off.
That's a small price to pay, though. Really, it's just simple. Simple design, simple protection.
See at Peel
With millions of players around the world, there's a good chance that many video game fans enjoyed a round of Epic Games' “Fortnite” or Bluehole's “PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds” (“PUBG”) with their Memorial Day hamburger. But in South Korea, “Fortnite” fans suddenly need to worry if they'll lose access to the world's biggest game. A copyright lawsuit filed in January (and first reported yesterday) by Bluehole subsidiary PUBG Corp. in the Seoul Central District Court in South Korea might put Epic's runaway success on ice.
The suit, which was first reported by The Korea Times, is an attempt at an injunction. If successful, PUBG Corporation copyright claim could block Epic and partner Neowiz from distributing “Fortnite” in South Korea.
Why is PUBG Corporation and Epic at odds?
The feud between these two companies has been waging since September 2017, when Epic Games announced “Fortnite Battle Royale.” While the Battle Royale concept isn't new for anyone who has read or seen “Battle Royale” or “The Hunger Games,” “PUBG” developer Bluehole bristled at the announcement.
“We've had an ongoing relationship with Epic Games throughout PUBG's development as they are the creators of (Unreal Engine 4), the engine we licensed for the game,” Chang Han Kim, Bluehole's vice president, said in a prepared statement. “After listening to the growing feedback from our community and reviewing the gameplay for ourselves, we are concerned that Fortnite may be replicating the experience for which PUBG is known.”
While no suit was filed immediately, Bluehole leveled an ominous warning at Epic Games. The company suggested it was considering “further action” against Epic to protect its interests. (Fast forward to this lawsuit filing.)
Just two months later, in November 2017, Epic announced that “Fortnite Battle Royale's” popularity had rocketed to 20 million players. Massive streaming audiences and a $100 million esports prize pool suggest that the number has continued to grow at breakneck pace since then.
In December 2017, ‘‘PUBG” creator Brandon “PlayerUnknown” Greene called for stricter intellectual property protections in the video game space.
“You're protecting the work of artists basically. Games are art for a large part, and so I think it's important they're protected,” Greene said on Radio 1's Gaming Show. “I want this genre of games to grow,” Greene said. “For that to happen you need new and interesting spins on the game mode. If it's just copycats down the line, then the genre doesn't grow and people get bored.”
The question at play here (and in PUBG Corporation's lawsuit) hinges on Greene's perspective that “Fortnite” doesn't “spin the game mode” and is, instead a “copycat.” US law would tend to disagree with Greene's take.
“Generally, game mechanics are not protectable under US law,” attorney Ryan Morrison explains. “There are, of course, exceptions, but I would be very surprised if a court found that a shrinking map, a skydiving start to a map, or having 100 players at once were protectable. Genres are not copyrightable, and just because you created a new genre does not mean you get to police it forever. That would be awful for all technology and all innovation.“
Those same copyright laws have allowed multiple games from different developers and publishers to include “capture the flag” modes, jumping on enemy heads to defeat them, and even aiming down the sights of guns. United States intellectual property protections are extended to expression of ideas, rather than ideas themselves. Sound and art assets can't be copied, but concepts like driving a vehicle are fair game for replication and iteration.
There is a big difference between PUBG Corporation's copyright infringement lawsuit filed in the Northern District of California against NetEase over two mobile battle royale games: “Knives Out” and “Rules of Survival”. An amended filing shows comparisons of weapons, buildings, and equipment that PUBG Corporation alleges were misappropriated for “Rules of Survival” by NetEase. In addition to claims about play modality, PUBG Corporation has identified specific art assets it believes have been copied from “PUBG.”
It's telling that PUBG Corporation opted to file suit against Epic outside the United States and specifically in Korea. Epic has not been accused of asset misappropriation. Rather, based on previous statements regarding “Fortnite,” PUBG Corporation appears to be focused on the ideas underpinning “PUBG” (and, to wit, the entire battle royale genre).
“In the NetEase ‘Knives Out'/'Rules of Survival' suit there was actual consumer confusion,” explains attorney Ryan Morrison. “Users were calling the games ‘PUBG-Mobile' and YouTube videos popped up doing the same. This kind of consumer confusion is what trademark laws are there to prevent, and the associated copyright with each art asset was much closer in these games. No one, on the other hand, looks at ‘Fortnite' and thinks it's ‘PUBG.' The games look very different, not ‘substantially similar' as copyright infringement in the US would demand, or ‘confusingly similar' that is the test for trademark infringement in the US.”
The goal of an injunction is likely to cut Epic off from Korea's voracious gaming community, especially as Epic and partner Neowiz have plans for PC cafe presence starting in the first half of 2018. South Korea is the 6th largest market by video game revenue, responsible for $4.2 billion in 2017 (just a hair less than the 5th ranked UK). Additionally, Bluehole can leverage the government to assist with its infringement claim.
“I am not a Korean attorney, but I know the penalties in Korea are much harsher if infringement is found,” attorney Ryan Morrison told Variety. “There, the government actually assists with enforcement and can even block access to the infringing game throughout the web. I don't believe Bluehole would have much of a case in the United States, as you generally cannot protect and idea, genre, or game mechanics, however litigation is always unpredictable. Judges can barely work their own email accounts usually, so asking them to weigh in on the finer points of game design is usually difficult.”
While we don't have a direct comparison of user numbers to-date, Epic and PUBG Corporation both announced in November 2017 that their games had each reached the 20 million player milestones. The difference is that it took PUBG Corporation eight months versus Epic's two.
In January, “Fortnite” reached 40 million players. By contrast, a reported (and not insignificant) 30 million copies of “PUBG” have been sold to date since launch. “Fortnite” has been outpacing it by thousands of concurrent players as the bottom has started to drop out of “PUBG's” community. A dip in player base over time is a natural outcome of “games-as-a-service” development, often countered with new content and technical improvements.
However, PUBG Corporation has been plagued by cheaters in its game. This has led some to posit that this is incentivizing “PUBG's” player base to migrate to Fortnite. To its credit, the “PUBG” development team has been contrite about the game's shortcomings.
“Although we've made some meaningful improvements to PUBG, we've fallen short in other ways,” a May 26, 2018, post on the “PUBG” Steam Forums says. “Players have rightfully called us out for failing to address complaints about performance, and recently we haven't done the best job of communicating about the changes we're making to the game.”
Competition amongst publishers vying for players isn't uncommon. Copyright lawsuits are, though. In this case, there are business entanglements that further complicate the situation.
Epic and Bluehole have a complicated history
It's impossible to say how the NetEase and Epic lawsuits will play out. As attorney Ryan Morrison pointed out on Twitter, “Litigation is unpredictable and judges do not understand video games. That said, in a strictly legal reading, I think this case is a huge long shot.”
There are business matters separate from the Epic lawsuit that make this a story to watch. In addition to developing games, Epic produces and licenses one of the most widely used game engines on the market. Unreal Engine 4 powers dozens of titles, including Microsoft's “Sea of Thieves,” Square Enix's “Kingdom Hearts III,” Ninja Theory's “Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice,” and a little game called… “PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds.”
Neither Epic nor PUBG Corporation are talking about the suit or their business relationship, but there are a few things we do know. Unreal Engine licensing operates via a royalty model. It's free to download and tinker with, but once you earn more than $3,000 in a calendar quarter, Epic typically requires a five percent payment on the gross earnings. If operating under a standard licensing agreement, the value of this relationship based on 30 million full-price sales ($29.99 each) is, to-date, about $45 million in royalties (plus a portion of revenue earned by PUBG Corporation from Steam marketplace item transactions).
It's possible that Bluehole negotiated a lower rate based on an up-front payment. Such arrangements are common for larger titles. Any such agreement could also include non-standard licensing terms, but these deals are negotiated under non-disclosure agreement.
Under the standard terms of use, PUBG Corporation isn't in imminent danger of Epic yanking its Unreal license outright. The Unreal Engine end-user license agreement doesn't include terms that allow for Epic to terminate the agreement due to a lawsuit like this. The EULA does include this provision, though:
Epic may issue an amended Agreement at any time in its discretion by providing notice to you or by providing you with digital access to the amended Agreement when you next log in to your Account, access the Marketplace, or download additional Content or new Versions. You are not required to accept the amended Agreement. However, in order to continue accessing your Account or the Marketplace or to download or use additional Content or new Versions, you must accept the amended Agreement. By logging in to your Account, using the Marketplace, or downloading or using additional Content or a new Version, you hereby agree to be bound by the amended Agreement then most recently issued by Epic. If you do not accept the amended Agreement, you may not log in to your Account, access the Marketplace, download or use additional Content, or download or use any new Version that is made available by Epic contemporaneously with or after the issuance of that amended Agreement (but this will not terminate your License for the Licensed Technology that you downloaded prior to the issuance of the amended Agreement). If you are a legal entity, acceptance of an amended Agreement by any of your Users will be binding on you.
Whether Epic would do this to a single licensee operating under the standard agreement and EULA remains to be seen. If so, Epic could make the terms so onerous that PUBG Corporation would either be left behind with no access to new Unreal Engine updates or accept the new agreement. Without access to new versions of the engine, “PUBG” won't be dead in the water. It will, however, be cut off from technological innovations that could improve player experience and aid in user retention. This could push PUBG Corporation into rebuilding its entire game on a new engine, requiring a significant investment of time and money.
Regardless, PUBG Corporation might want to start investigating other technology. “The business relationship has obviously soured, and it would be in Bluehole's best interest to consider an engine change,” Morrison says.
Bluehole is also reportedly courting investors. The most prominent name floated to the top is Chinese powerhouse Tencent, which seems ready to pour 500 billion won (about $468 million USD) into Bluehole. While Bluehole wouldn't confirm the report, it did state that if this deal went through, Tencent would own approximately 10 percent of the “PUBG” developer.
Tencent is the world's largest gaming company, with stakes in a number of developers and publishers. Among those holdings is a 40 percent share of Epic Games. In effect, PUBG Corporation has filed suit to prevent a potential investor's significant property from launching in its home territory. That's not a good way to welcome a to the family.
PUBG Corporation and Epic are both staying relatively silent on the legal dispute. Epic Games doesn't comment on ongoing litigation, according to a company spokesperson. PUBG Corporation declined to provide a copy of the lawsuit, offering a single sentence statement. “PUBG Corporation filed an injunction against Epic Games Korea on January 5, 2018 to the Seoul Central District Court as an action to protect PUBG Corp's copyright,” a representative told Variety via email.
We can't predict how the US District Court in California will rule on the “Rules of Survival”/”Knives Out” case or the Seoul Central District Court will decide the “Fortnite” injunction. What we do know is that Fortnite is the current leader, not only in the battle royale genre, but in gaming as a whole. The Korean market is important, and it's Bluehole's base of operations.
A legal win in Korea won't slay the “Fortnite” giant, but it will serve as a warning to NetEase and any other company that wants to play on Bluehole's home turf: “PUBG” will be the last man standing.
After six months on the market with an asking price that started at $14.5 million and dropped to $12.95 million, veteran television powerhouse John Wells sold their stately English Tudor mansion in Los Angeles's historic Hancock Park for $12.412 million and no fewer than two plugged-in real estate tattletales swear the new owner is child actor turned Emmy-nominated film and television writer-director-producer Brian Robbins, co-founder and, until earlier this year, CEO of the teen-targeted digital network AwesomenessTV. Wells, a six-time Emmy winner whose laundry list of credits include “ER”, “The West Wing,” “Shameless” and the upcoming sitcom “American Woman,” based on the life of child actor turned reality TV personality Kyle Richards of “The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills,” purchased the comfortably sumptuous, multi-structure estate in August 2007 for $10.4 million.
On almost an acre of groomed grounds and visible on its elevated perch only through an alluring break in the mature trees and foliage that screen the property from the street, the extensively updated 1925 red brick mansion measures in at not-quite 9,700-square-feet with six bedrooms and seven full and 2 half bathrooms. Additional living space is provided in a one-bedroom and one-bathroom, two-story poolside pavilion with lounge, kitchen and large, awning covered deck overlooking above the pool as well as a self-contained two-bedroom and one-bathroom apartment with living room and kitchen atop a detached three-car garage at the end of a long, gated driveway.
More Dirt Shaun White Picks Up Laurel Canyon Micro-Compound (EXCLUSIVE) Douglas Urbanski and Diane Wilk Buy Joseph Cotten's ‘White Gables' in Palm Springs
Ample public entertaining rooms include a double-height foyer, a formal living room with tracery ceiling detail and antique carved marble fireplace, a formal dining room with hand-painted canvas wall panels and a pine-paneled library with fireplace. Family quarters include a cook's kitchen with marble counter tops and a double wide center island with snack bar along with an adjoining breakfast area where French doors lead to a cozily scaled family room with carved stone fireplace and French doors to the gardens. Second floor bedrooms are luxuriously proportioned and include a master suite replete with fireplace and dual closets and bathrooms while a large office/studio and gym are tucked up into the eaves on the third floor.
French doors in the library open to a shady outdoor living room fitted with built-in ceiling heaters for when making a fire in the outdoor fireplace seems too taxing a task. The loggia looks out past a slender strip of lush lawn that's bordered by formal gardens and leads to a swimming pool set into a sunny clearing surrounded by verdant manicured gardens. A gazebo overlooks the swimming pool and acts as passage through an opaque line of trees and shrubbery that completely obscures a lighted tennis court picturesquely hemmed in by towering, precision-clipped privet hedges.
Wells, who previously owned an historic 1920s residence in L.A.'s celeb-favored Laughlin Park enclave they sold in 2007 for $5.98 million to “The Revenant” producer Mary Parent, owns but would like to sell two side-by-side mansions in Vail, Colorado. The smaller, pushing up on 6,200-square-feet with four bedrooms and four bathrooms, is priced at $8.5 million while the larger, with nine bedrooms and nine bathrooms in a bit more than 11,600-square-feet, carries a price tag of $11.95 million.
As for Robbins, in the spring of 2016 they sold a sensitively restored and fetchingly updated 1950s mid-century modern of almost 6,500-square-feet with five bedrooms and seven full and two half bathrooms on more than an acre with swimming pool and tennis court in Encino, Calif., for $5.46 million. And, for now at least, they continue to own a 10,000-plus-square-foot Hamptons-style mansion with six bedrooms, ten bathrooms and six fireplaces plus an elevator set behind gates on one of Brentwood's most prestigious streets that they scooped up in 2013 for $13.177 million from “Peep Show” co-creator Andrew O'Connor.
Listing photos: Hilton & Hyland
by John P. McCarthy
NEW YORK (CNS) — At the center of filmmaker Kenneth Lonergan's drama “Manchester by the Sea” (Roadside) lays a crushed soul flawlessly embodied by actor Casey Affleck.
Affleck's character, Lee Chandler, is a janitor in several Boston-area apartment buildings. A terse yet proficient handyman, they have little interest in conversing with tenants or in social interaction of any kind. They seem numbed, almost to the point of appearing robotic. Even when they get drunk and picks fights with random bar patrons, their belligerence is mechanical. Evidently, something terrible has prompted Lee to wall themselves off from the world and other people.
The cause of their suffering isn't revealed until roughly halfway through this gently paced film, well after Lee is summoned to Manchester, their hometown on the coast of Massachusetts, where their brother, Joe (Kyle Chandler), the owner of a fishing boat, has succumbed to a heart attack. Joe's poor health was not a surprise, but Lee is startled to learn their brother has named them the guardian of their 15-year-old son Patrick (Lucas Hedges).
Although Lee's bond with Joe and Patrick has withstood their absence and the tragedy that precipitated it, he's reluctant to take responsibility for raising their nephew, not least because they dread living in Manchester where everybody knows what transpired. Nevertheless, they take their duty seriously and tries to do right by Patrick — a popular, outgoing teen who plays hockey for their school and lead guitar in a rock ‘n' roll band, in addition to juggling two girlfriends.
Employing a flashback structure, writer-director Lonergan (“You Can Count On Me”) gradually doles out plot points and relevant information. This narrative technique is extremely effective at triggering wrenching emotional responses; and Lonergan's screenplay is flecked with dark humor, along with flashes of compassion and understanding. Against a lovely backdrop provided by the Cape Ann region of Massachusetts, a carefully manicured yet naturalistic portrait of a shattered individual emerges.
Lonergan also is able to elicit tremendous performances. As Patrick, Hedges holds their own opposite Affleck, who plumbs Lee's anguish without being showy or ever appearing to strain. Patrick's openness and youthful vitality are the perfect counterpoint to their uncle's hollowness and lethargy. The pathos Michelle Williams brings to the role of Lee's ex-wife, Randi, puts Lee's inability to express their feelings in stark relief.
“Manchester by the Sea” is suitable for adult moviegoers, many of whom will be put off by the amount of bad language and the movie's frank treatment of Patrick's love life. That said, the tone is never nasty, sordid or depraved.
Lee's failure to change or grow to an appreciable extent is a more interesting hurdle. Expecting their guardianship of Patrick to be a panacea is unrealistic. But the recognition that Lee ends up only slightly better off then when we first meet them leaves a slightly bitter aftertaste. They remain incapacitated by guilt and an eviscerating sense of loss. When they declare, “I can't beat it,” you believe him. For now at least, redemption is not in the cards.
This would be easier to accept, and the movie would be less wintry, if Lee took steps to improve their situation by, for instance, confronting their reliance on alcohol or by seeking counseling. There's something masochistic about how they continue to punish themselves for making one, albeit grave, mistake. It means the healing process cannot begin.
The movie's major aesthetic deficiency parallels this aspect of Lee's psychology. Rather than create an inspirational metamorphosis for Lee, and thus a more optimistic sense of closure for the audience, Lonergan lets the story peter out and the dramatic urgency wane. As it becomes clear Lee's struggle to recover is just beginning, the picturesque shots of Manchester's harbor and environs that Lonergan inserts between scenes strike one as quaint distractions from the profound human issues being raised. Eschewing an implausibly upbeat ending is not the problem. It's the impression that Lonergan, daunted by the choices facing their characters, has gone into avoidance mode.
The film contains much rough language, some explicit banter, several fairly graphic adolescent sexual encounters, a suicide attempt, fistfights, and a partial glimpse of lower female nudity. The Catholic News Service classification is L — limited adult audience, films whose problematic content many adults would find troubling. The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R — restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
NORMAN – Students from 330 communities are listed on the University of Oklahoma Norman campus honor roll for the fall 2016 semester.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Minister for Interior Ahsan Iqbal
Friday said new Election Law was enacted with consensus of all major parties in the Parliament, however now nomination form had again been restored to its original form so that nobody could even create a doubt about the religious beliefs of others.
Speaking at a press conference along with Minister for Law
Zahid Hamid and Adviser to Prime Minister, Barrister Zafarullah, they
said nomination form for elections was changed with the consensus of
parties in the Parliament.
“Now we restored the nomination form to its original shape so
that nobody could create doubts.”
Ahsan said three years back the process for electoral reforms
was started in the Parliament and the parliamentary committee
comprising members of all the political parties participated in the
legislation process.
The legislation went through the sub-committee and then the
main committee of the Parliament, they said adding afterwards, the
report was laid before the house after seeking suggestions from the
public.
They said for the first time, a JUI-F Senator Hafiz Hamdullah
raised the point that the original nomination form should be
restored and PML-N government supported their suggestion.
But members of other parties in the Senate did not approve the
amendment in the nomination form, they added.
“We are all Muslims and for every Pakistani Muslim finality of
prophethood was part of our faith.”
They said it was unfortunate that some groups on social media
tried to spread hate, get political mileage and create controversy
about the nomination form for elections.
The minister said, “I gave policy statement on the floor of
the National Assembly that some people were trying to create hate or
misunderstanding and they should be countered.”
The minister said only state had the authority to declare
anyone Muslim or Non-Muslim.
In the past, Qadianis were declared Muslims through the
Parliament and Constitution, they mentioned.
They said only the state could determine punishment or pardon
for any person and nobody else could do it.
The minister said, “issuing religious edicts in the street
would only create anarchy and then we will not need terrorists to
create chaos in the society.”
They said some elements wanted to provoke religious sentiments
and the religious scholars should play their role so sanity should prevail in society.
They said in an Islamic state, only state will decide against
whom Jihad could be done.
They said it was vision of Quaid-e-Azam that every Pakistani
should live without fear and according to their religious beliefs.
“Diversity of Pakistan was its strength and it made Pakistani
society beautiful. Allah has to decide who will go to paradise and who will go to hell.”
“Nobody has monopoly on love for Allah and Prophet Muhammad (PBUH),” they remarked.
They said no government could think of taking any step which was contrary to Islam.
The minister said a cyber crime law existed and law would move against a person who would try to create hate against other Muslims.
Ahsan Iqbal said in the constitution of Pakistan, articles
about Islam were very clear.
They said some elements know that they could not defeat Pakistan
Muslim League (N) in elections so they were trying to create
differences between their party and the army.
They said they wanted to say on record that conspiracies were
being hatched against Pakistan by foreign forces, particularly those
who were not happy that Pakistan was a nuclear power.
“People in Pakistan need to keep unity and solidarity to foil
conspiracies of the enemies.”
Ahsan Iqbal said Pakistan has to compete with the world in economic
field so people should stop paying attention to political pundits
and doomsayers.
Ahsan Iqbal said the incident of Accountability Court was
unfortunate and its investigation was continuing and they would look
at the report and will inform the public about it.
To a question, Ahsan said Pakistan would only move forward if
constitutional governance was ensured.
They rejected the idea of government of technocrats and said
these people could not even win the election of union council and
were only looking for jobs by coming into the government through
backdoors but they would not be successful.
“Whenever Pakistan loses its path to democracy then it
suffers. Our only path should be democracy and constitutional rule.”
They said the present government would complete its tenure then election would be held in 2018.
Anchors sitting on television were trying to create artificial
crises and always tried to create impression that conditions were
not good in Pakistan, they observed.
The minister said situation in Pakistan in 2017 was better
than it was in 2013.
Law Minister Zahid Hamid said the sub committee and main
committee of Parliament comprising all parties took part in the legislation for electoral reforms.
They said the main committee consisted of 34 members and the sub committee had 13 members and the whole process was transparent and suggestions were also sought from the public and the bill was also put on website.
They explained that the parliamentary committee on
accountability law was also represented by all parties.
They said the parties still need to develop consensus on the
draft of the accountability bill.
To another question, the minister said it was recorded in the
minutes that the parliamentary committee on 17 November, 2014, approved the clause 203 of Election bill.
Adviser to Prime Minister Barrister Zafarullah said finality
of Prophethood was the basis of Islam.
They said Pakistan Muslim League (N) was a religious party and
for it, issues concerning Islam were very sensitive.
Still, the idea of having a device inserted may cause anxiety for some teen girls, and Di Meglio concedes the procedure can initially be somewhat uncomfortable.
"You get a few pretty intense cramps, but nothing more than you would have with a really bad period," they said. "It subsides pretty quickly and then for the next few days, you might have a few cramps on and off."
Di Meglio said a girl can get an IUD or IUS any time after getting their first period and ideally prior to becoming sexually active. By age 17, about half of Canadian youth are having sex, the CPS says.
"We're not recommending that this be used the minute the kid has their first period, but there are certain benefits in using the hormonal IUS — one of them being that it can reduce the amount of bleeding or also reduce cramping a lot," they said.
"We have even used it for that reason instead of for contraception in kids who have not even had sex."
Andrew Townsend of Planned Parenthood Toronto welcomed the CPS recommendation, saying the clinic gets a lot of questions from young people who "still view the pill as the first kind of birth control that they should start on or that they have to start on.
"Something like IUDs being a recommended option is great because different people have different needs," they said, adding that a growing number of clients being seen in the clinic are opting for the implanted devices. The program provides information and health-care services to those aged 13 to 29.
While intrauterine contraception may be the most effective means of preventing unplanned pregnancy, the up-front costs of the devices are high compared with the pill and other methods, said Di Meglio.
One hormone-releasing IUS that lasts five year costs the Quebec government's prescription plan about $325, while copper-based IUDs run from about $60 to $100, they said. For those not covered under private insurance, the provincial plan covers 65 per cent of the cost of birth control pills and IUDs.
Coverage by public insurance plans varies across the country. In Ontario, for instance, long-acting reversible contraceptives are fully covered for women under age 25, along with the physician's fee for implanting one of the devices.
Di Meglio said that over time, IUDs and IUSs are actually more cost-effective than most other birth-control methods because of how long they last before needing to be replaced.
The CPS statement also recommends that practitioners adopt a collaborative approach that empowers youth to make informed decisions about their birth control options, weighing the benefits, risks, side-effects and suitability of each method based on individual preference.
"At the end of the day, we just want to facilitate whatever contraceptive they choose," Di Meglio said.
— Follow @SherylUbelacker on Twitter.
By Sheryl Ubelacker, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA — The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter. The central bank held its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks — steady at 1.25 per cent.
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Exports of goods were more robust than forecast and data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment,” the Bank of Canada said in a statement. “Housing resale activity has remained soft into the second quarter, as the housing market continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates. Going forward, solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018.” The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track, but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies.
Article Continued Below
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target, but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data. “In particular, the bank will continue to assess the economy's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity,” it said. Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday, but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year. The central bank's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012. It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices, but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump.
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer, increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans. Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Castleford Tigers stand just one win away from making history after the runaway Super League leaders' latest win.
Victory at Salford on Friday puts them just one point away from mathematically securing top spot for the first time in their history.
Elsewhere, Championship Hull KR shook up the Qualifiers by winning at Leigh and Wakefield returned to form in style by accounting for Leeds.
But our man Nigel Wiskar's eagle eyes extend beyond the norm - here's their pick of seven things he's learned in the world of rugby league...
1. Child's play for Powell
(Image: PA)
Castleford can seal the first top spot finish in the club's 91-year history against Wakefield on Thursday - but it might not be coach Daryl Powell's biggest challenge of the week.
The Tigers boss revealed after Friday's 23-4 win over Salford that their own competitive nature will ensure their side don't let up, despite having five matches to play before their home semi-final.
And it seems home games against their children bring out Powell's will to win just as much as Super League matches.
“If anyone's seen me play tiddlywinks against my kids then we won't be taking our foot off the gas, no,” Powell laughed.
“Wakefield will be rubbing their hands together at the prospect of spoiling any sort of party Cas want to have and we're mindful of that.
“We need to maintain our standards right the way through.
“The League Leaders will be a tick in the box when it's absolutely nailed on, and for us it's a piece of history.
“But there are further battle to be won, and we're conscious that we don't start jumping up and down.”
2. Melbourne winger in hurdling storm
It might have been the World Athletics Championships last week, but that was little excuse for what Melbourne winger Suliasi Vunivalu came up with on Saturday.
The Fijian winger stunned Sydney Roosters defenders and everybody watches when they took a running leap at the defence in the second half, narrowly avoiding kneeing Connor Watson and Aidan Guerra in the face.
It was unlike just about anything you're likely to see on a rugby league field, and resulted in a penalty, Vunivalu being placed on report, and a Roosters try soon after.
After the game Storm coach Craig Bellamy said: “I've seen a couple things like that closer to the try line but I'm not quite sure what Suli was trying to do there.
“It was probably a bit of a brain fade or snap or whatever he'd like to call it.
“I agree it's a penalty, without a doubt - but I don't know what they're going to charge them with.”
3. Grassroots exposure
The best junior and amateur players in the Hull area and beyond have been getting a welcome publicity boost of late due to the work of a keen filmmaker.
Shawn Boatin was playing rugby union for Hullensians when a local freeview TV channel screened one of their their matches and provided the idea for what has become Grassroots Rugby Media.
Boatin explained: “There was a huge buzz around the club leading up to the game.
“I thought it would be cool if there was regular media coverage around the sport, and then Grassroots Rugby Media was born.
“I started GRM at the end of the rugby union season so I had to cover rugby league, but I have really grown to love it - there are lots of big hits and fast passing plays which looks great on camera.”
Boatin's videos have been viewed over 200,000 times in just four months and now features in the Hull Daily Mail's excellent rugby league coverage.
They also take pictures and has featured 52 amateur and junior teams since April.
Check out the latest summary video here.
4. Blocker's eye-opening injury
(Image: Action Plus)
If Matty Smith's, er, eye-watering account of their latest injury made you squirm, stop reading right now…
The St Helens scrum-half outlined the horrific aftermath of a teammate's stray finger in the game against Leeds.
“I lacerated my eyelid,” said Smith, “My tear duct and eyeball actually came away from the corner of the socket. My pupil moved to the corner of my eye and all the blood came came through behind my eye.” Eeek.
Over to Steve ‘Blocker' Roach, former Balmain Tigers and Kangaroo prop who spent a season at Warrington in the late 80s.
Roach told Triple M this week: “We had a doc who'd had a few sips of alcohol. I got a bad cut on my eye and they sewed me up.
“I went out after the game, went to bed and woke up but couldn't shut my eye. He'd stitched my eyelid to the top of my head.” Double eeek.
5. Young Bull the new Sinfield?
(Image: Bradford Bulls/Thomas Pearson)
There was one bright spot for St Helens supporters after what coach Justin Holbrook described as “the most embarrassing game” he'd been involved in against Hull - confirmation of James Bentley's imminent arrival from Bradford.
The 19-year-old back rower has been one of the best players in the Championship this season, scoring 15 tries in 22 appearances, and was well sought-after elsewhere.
“It's really exciting for us that they chose our club,” Holbrook said after the 8-6 defeat. “He had plenty of choices and opportunities so it's good to have them on board.”
Bentley was featured in Mirror Online's series of scouting reports on the country's best young players recently, prompting the following Twitter response from Chev Walker, who coached them at the Bulls.
Walker wrote: “Closest I've seen to Kev Sinfield, in their preparation and dedication to getting better.”
Watch this space.
You can read Bentley's scouting report here.
6. England star on the move?
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
It looks like James Graham could be switching clubs in the NRL next season if the latest stories Down Under are anything to go by.
The England front-rower- on a reported $1million (£610,000) a year - may be edged out of Canterbury Bulldogs next season as the club struggle to stay within the NRL's $9.1million salary cap.
That's alerted basement side Newcastle Knights, comfortably under and with money to spend.
Coach Nathan Brown, who led Saints to the Super League title in 2014, said: “We had a fair bit of interest in James Graham a long time ago but they didn't want to leave.
“But in this situation Canterbury might not have a choice and may have to let a player go they don't went to.”
7. If you know, you know
In-the-know rugby league fans may have noticed two noted broadcast pundits drop in references to a renowned weekly video during recent matches.
The regular updates - which will appeal to viewers only of a certain taste and are circulated on social media - have a cult following among certain Super League players and the odds of it being a coincidence are simply unthinkable.
Keep your ears open to see if the naughty boys try it again in coming weeks.
Morgan named in England ODI squads after finger fracture
London, May 30 (AFP) England captain Eoin Morgan has been included in the one-day international squad for matches against Scotland and Australia despite suffering a fractured finger.
Morgan was ruled out of their scheduled appearance for the Rest of the World against the West Indies in a Twenty20 fixture at Lord's on Thursday after chipping the end of their right ring finger.
Morgan's county Middlesex confirmed they suffered the injury when they were fielding during the Royal London One-Day Cup match against Somerset on Sunday.
The batsman was set to captain the World XI in a game which is being held to raise funds for stadiums in Dominica and Anguilla damaged by hurricanes last year.
But while they won't be able to play in that match, Morgan -- England's limited-overs skipper -- will take charge on June 10 against Scotland and then in five matches against Australia.
The Irishman was named on Wednesday in a 13-man squad to travel to Edinburgh and then one of 14 against Australia in a series starting at The Oval on June 13.
Sam Billings will be included against Scotland to deputise for wicketkeeper Jos Buttler, and seamer Tom Curran will bolster the squad by one when they are added to the ranks to face Australia.
This will be the first time England have played in Scotland since May 2014, when they defeated the hosts by 39 runs in Aberdeen.
England, currently number one in the ODI world rankings, defeated Australia 4-1 in a five-match series held in Australia in January
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Resilient Reit Ltd:
* ‍INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS HAVE SUGGESTED SIYAKHA EDUCATION TRUSTS BECOME MORE PUBLIC REGARDING THEIR OPERATIONS AND AFFAIRS.
* ‍BOARD HAS REQUESTED TRUSTEES TO RESPOND OPENLY TO INTEREST FROM SOME INVESTORS IN RELATION TO THE SIYAKHA EDUCATION TRUSTS​
* INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS ALSO SUGGESTED BROAD-BASED EDUCATIONAL INITIATIVES ESTABLISHED BY RESILIENT, BECOME MORE PUBLIC REGARDING OPERATIONS
* NOTED CRITICISM OF CROSS-HOLDINGS BETWEEN RESILIENT AND FORTRESS REIT
* ‍FORTRESS REMAINS AN ATTRACTIVE INVESTMENT
* ‍HAS NOT BEEN PRESENTED WITH ANY COMPLAINTS OR ALLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING​
* ‍OPERATIONS AND AFFAIRS OF COMPANY REMAIN SOUND AND ARE NOT IMPACTED BY ANY WEAKNESS IN SHARE PRICES​
* ‍HAS NO REASON TO REVISIT ITS STATED GUIDANCE FOR GROWTH IN DISTRIBUTION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
RAWALPINDI, Aug 13 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General
Qamar Javed Bajwa visited Quetta on Sunday and attended Namaz-e-Janaza
of soldiers, who embraced Shahadat in a blast on Saturday night.
Governor Balochistan, Muhammad Khan Achakzai, Chief Minister
Balochistan, Nawab Sanaullah Khan Zehri, Minister for Interior, Ahsan
Iqbal, Commander Southern Command, Lieutenant General Aamir Riaz and
other civil and military officials also attended the Namaz-e-Janaza.
The COAS also visited injured of Quetta blast at Combined
Military Hospital (CMH) Quetta Cantt. Later, the Army Chief was
briefed about the incident at HQ SC.
The COAS reiterated that the fight against terrorism would
continue till achievement of enduring peace and stability. They said
that there was a need to have synergy between efforts of all state institutions to defeat terrorism in totality.
Pakistani nation shall celebrate Independence Day so as to
honour sacrifices of all ‘Shuhada-e-Pakistan', who have laid their
lives for a peaceful and prosperous Pakistan, they added.
Bristol Rovers return to the Memorial Stadium tonight for their final midweek game of the 2017/18 season - and their final visitors might just be the best of the bunch.
League One table toppers Wigan Athletic arrive having already secured promotion back to the Championship following a 4-0 win away at Fleetwood Town on Saturday.
Meanwhile Rovers lost 2-0 away at play-offs bound Rotherham after James Clarke made an error to gift the Yorkshire side their first goal, scored by Michael Smith, before conceding to Caolan Lavery in the final minute.
Now Wigan are looking to secure the league title with Blackburn Rovers still hot on their heels. A win tonight would allow Paul Cook's Latics to do that at home on Saturday.
But can Darrell Clarke's Rovers upset the odds and climb up from 12th place, a full 37 points behind the leaders? If they do the Gas give themselves a chance of bettering their final position last season of 10th, with three games remaining this season.
Kick-off is 7.45pm tonight.
Follow all the build-up, action and reaction throughout the evening.
Intel's CEO is the latest executive to leave one of Trump's advisory councils in the wake of the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, which many felt was inadequately addressed by the president and their administration.
In a post on Policy@Intel, the company's public policy blog, Brian Krzanich wrote that they resigned from the American Manufacturing Council on Monday “to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing.”
They then specifically addressed the events in Charlottesville, which led to three deaths, including that of Heather Heyer, who among a group of people counter-protesting neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and white supremacists gathered to protest the removal of a statute of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
“I have already made clear my abhorrence at the recent hate-spawned violence in Charlottesville, and earlier today I called on all leaders to condemn the white supremacists and their ilk who marched and committed violence. I resigned because I wanted to make progress, while many in Washington seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them. We should honor—not attack—those who have stood up for equality and other cherished American values. I hope this will change, and I remain willing to serve when it does.”
Earlier on Monday, Krzanich joined the many people voicing their concern that the current administration, and especially President Trump, took an unacceptably weak stand against the white supremacy rally and racist violence in Charlottesville, tweeting “There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same”
There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same — Brian Krzanich (@bkrunner) August 14, 2017
Krzanich's announcement comes a few hours after the resignations of Under Armour founder and chief executive Kevin Plank and Merck Pharma chief executive Kenneth C. Frazier from the manufacturing council.
They are the latest executives who have resigned from presidential advisory councils in protest over Trump's actions.
Tesla chief executive Elon Musk and Disney chief executive Bob Iger stepped down from councils in June after Trump withdrew from the Paris Climate Accord. Four months earlier, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick and Hint Water chief executive Kara Goldin quit their advisory roles in response to Trump's executive order on immigration.
Executives who remain on the manufacturing council currently include Andy Liveris from Dow Chemical, Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Immelt of General Electric, Denise Morrison of Campbell's Soup Co., and Denis Muilenberg of Boeing.
Featured Image: Ethan Miller / Staff/Getty Images
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Warner Music Group Corp:
* WARNER MUSIC GROUP CORP QTRLY REVENUE $1,045 MILLION VERSUS $917 MILLION LAST YEAR
* WARNER MUSIC GROUP CORP QTRLY NET INCOME $5 MILLION VERSUS $24 MILLION LAST YEAR
* WARNER MUSIC GROUP - QTRLY ‍DIGITAL REVENUE $533 MILLION VERSUS $444​ MILLION
* WARNER MUSIC GROUP CORP QTRLY ADJUSTED NET INCOME $18 MILLION VERSUS $28 MILLION
* WARNER MUSIC GROUP - HAD ‍A $27 MILLION NON-CASH TAX EXPENSE RELATED TO NEW U.S. TAX LEGISLATION​ IN QUARTER
* WARNER MUSIC GROUP - QTRLY RECORDED MUSIC ‍REVENUE $904 MILLION VERSUS $797​ MILLION Source text for Eikon:
The picture of a young man lying lifeless in the backseat of a car emerged yesterday as the student who was shot during the Senator Dino Melaye lead protest in Kogi State.
The young man identified as Saka Seidu, said to be a student of the Kogi State Polytechnic, Lokoja, was killed when unknown gunmen fired at a crowd while Senator Dino Melaye was holding a peaceful protest against the state government on Monday.
The protest which started around 11am turned bloody when the gunmen, who arrived from the Nataco Junction brandishing different guns and cutlasses started shooting into different direction, sending people scampering for safety including journalists, who were covering the protest.
According to official reports, no fewer than five persons were shot at the Kogi State polytechnic gate, Lokoja. The protest which stated around 11am turned bloody when gunmen yet to be identified invaded the venue of protest.
The clash is believed to be politically motivated by the supporters of Senator Melaye and loyalists of Governor Yahya Bello of Kogi state. The protest was organized by the senator in response to their planned recall from the National Assembly.
Melaye who had boasted that no one can recall them from the senate during the protest, called on the state government to to pay civil servants their salaries and to re-open tertiary institutions in the state.
The senator escaped by the whiskers when the shooting started and was spirited by their security details into their sports utility vehicle. Melaye immediately got on Twitter and thanked God for their bulletproof SUV.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Ilham Aliyev meets Bulgaria's ex-president Plevneliyev (PHOTO) (UPDATE)
2017-04-18 14:35 | www.trend.az | 1
Details added (first version posted on 12:16)
Baku, Azerbaijan, Apr. 18
Trend:
President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev has today received former President of Bulgaria Rosen Plevneliyev.
Former Bulgarian President Rosen Plevneliyev said they are always happy to visit Azerbaijan.
Pointing out their meetings with President Ilham Aliyev, Rosen Plevneliyev emphasized their signing the document on strategic partnership between the two countries.
Plevneliyev noted that President Aliyev's far-sighted policy contributed to implementation of the Southern Gas Corridor project.
President Ilham Aliyev recalled their visit to Bulgaria and their meetings with the Bulgarian president, hailing the excellent relations between the two countries.
They expressed their confidence that fruitful cooperation between Azerbaijan and Bulgaria will further develop.
The dream of owning your own home is a goal that many Canadians share, whether they were born here or have recently arrived. Many see homeownership as a path to stability and an opportunity to build a better life for their family. However, homeownership is not always an easy or straightforward path, and often comes with many challenges and roadblocks.
Last week, the Liberal government announced a new National Housing Strategy. In the announcement, the government mentioned a lot of vague initiatives, but gave very little detail about what actions it would be taking. Once again, this is a continued theme for the Trudeau government of being all talk and no action.
For example, in the plan, the Liberals propose to provide direct support to provide assistance to families and individuals who need help with housing. However, this plan will not be launched until 2020, at the earliest, a year after the next federal election. Why not do something substantive now and commit to providing funding now? This means that the funding will hinge on the Liberals' re-election hopes.
Another glaring hole in the Liberal housing strategy is the lack of any direction for helping homeless veterans. The Liberals mention the problem of homeless veterans, but once again, provided no details as to how their housing strategy would address this serious issue. There was no detail about how homeless veterans would receive support, how they could access housing or how the government would actually solve the problem. Once again, all talk and no action from this Liberal government.
Canadians believe in helping those who are less fortunate. However, this is the same Liberal government that has implemented policies which result in Canadians paying higher taxes. As many as 60 per cent of lower income Canadians are paying more taxes under this government. 80 per cent of middle class Canadians are paying more income taxes under this government. Liberal policies have resulted in higher gas bills, heating bills and power bills. If this government truly wants to make housing more affordable, it should consider lowering taxes for Canadian families.
The Liberal government should focus more on delivering concrete plans on how to solve various housing issues now. Not in three years after the next federal election, but what will they deliver for Canadians right now. The lack of details in the plan is concerning, as noted by Global News's Chief Political Correspondent David Akin. Meanwhile, Canadians needing immediate assistance on this important file are left waiting in the dark once again by this Liberal government.
What are your thoughts on this National Housing Strategy? Please let me know by writing to me at blake@blakerichards.ca.
Blake Richards is the Conservative member of parliament for Banff-Airdrie. They can be reached at blake.richards@parl.gc.ca
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former Trump campaign aide at the centre of a controversial Republican memo released on Friday said they would take further legal steps now that House Republicans made the four-page secret document public.
“Now that a few of the misdeeds against the Trump Movement have been partially revealed, I look forward to updating my pending legal action in opposition to DOJ this weekend,” Carter Page said in an emailed statement. Page has sued the owner of Yahoo News and the U.S. government operator of Radio Free Europe.
EAGAN, Minn. - Pro Bowl linebacker Anthony Barr says their absence during the Minnesota Vikings' first week of organized team activities was due to finalizing an insurance policy that took longer than expected.
The Minnesota linebacker, who is scheduled to play the 2018 season on their fifth-year option, was hoping to ink a contract extension with the Vikings ahead of OTAs. When a deal didn't get worked out, Barr opted to skip last week's session and said it was in their best interest to take precautionary measures.
"I had to protect myself and get an injury insurance policy," Barr said. "It took like a week to get situated, so I got that, and now I'm good to go."
Coach Mike Zimmer said last week that Barr told them on May 22 that they wouldn't be in attendance during the first week of OTAs, but they did not comment on whether the issue was related to Barr's contract.
The three-time Pro Bowler returned to practice Tuesday and was a full participant during Wednesday's session.
Right now, Barr is set to earn $12.3 million this season. The linebacker didn't divulge specifics, but said their representation is in talks with the Vikings.
"My agent's doing a great job," Barr said. "They're having conversations. I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting ready."
Minnesota doled out a contract extension earlier this offseason to linebacker Eric Kendricks, who signed a five-year deal worth $50 million. Barr is one of three remaining players with contracts coming due in the near future. Wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter are set to become free agents after the 2018 season.
The Vikings currently have $17.6 million in available cap space.
The low-paid government employees are demanding from the Ministry of Housing and Works to construct apartments in G-10/2 as planned since 2008. The project of construction of the apartments for the low income government servants was started in 2008 and was to be completed in 2010, but after the passage of 10 years the allotees are still demanding government to implement the project. The allottees said the Ministry of Housing and Works was not taking serious efforts for completing this project as it was a 10-year-old project and the government should take notice of the delay and address the hurdles in completion of this project.
They said that the PHA was demanding more money from them in order to meet the expenses of construction of the project.—APP
Related
An official of the Fiscal Responsibility Commission (FRC), Mr Charles Abana, has advised the Federal Government to begin early process of 2019 budget to enhance its smooth and speedy passage.
Abana, the Head of Legal, Investigation and Enforcement gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Wednesday.
They said returning the budget cycle to January to December fiscal year would be possible based on understanding and cooperation among all parties involved.
“The process of 2019 budget should have started by now, all that needed to be done is to make adjustments to the Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF), which serves as the guide for preparing the budget.
“Budget call circulars by now should have gone out, processes for 2019 budget at this time of the year ought to have started and I believe it has.
“All that needs to be done is to adjust or make necessary inputs into the MTEF that we already have running from 2018-2020 so that we can have it approved at the Federal Executive Council (FEC) level.
“After that is done, then they pass it on to the National Assembly, because according to the Fiscal Responsibility Act (FRA) 2007, every budget must be based on an approved and duly passed MTEF,” the official said.
According to Abana, it is important that the process for drafting the MTEF begins early as prescribed by the Act so that by the end of August, there will be a framework that covers 2019.
“Once that is done and taken to the National Assembly and work is finalised on it early enough, that will be the basis for the Appropriation Bill that will be sent hopefully before the end of the year to the National Assembly.''
Abana, however, expressed optimism that if the process begins early with the cooperation of the legislature, the issue of delay in the budget passage would be over.
They said if the country could not meet up with the January- December cycle, latest within the first quarter of 2019, the budget should be passed and signed.
“This will be an improvement on the current trend and going forward, we can then stabilise but I cannot guarantee that it will happen from next year.
“We just hope that at least if we can get it done before the end of Feb. 2019, or before the elections that will be a good sign”, they said.
Abana said it was commendable that President Muhammadu Buhari mentioned that the executive was very committed to working with the legislature to rectify the budget year and its timely passage.
Buhari, while signing the 2018 Appropriation Bill into law promised to work with the National Assembly to improve the budgeting process and restore the country to the January-December fiscal cycle.
They expressed the hope that it would materialise so the nation could have subsequent budgets passed early and implemented according to what was contained in it.
This, they said would ensure proper tracking of the projects that were captured in the budget for better execution.
The official said that the delay in passage of the budget usually affected certain projects like road construction that should be carried out during the dry season.
Speaking on the N9.12 trillion 2018 budget, they said it was a very bold one and the biggest the nation had so far signed.
The budget was signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari on June 20, after it was increased from N8.61 trillion by the National Assembly by inputting other projects.
Abana said that the ongoing issue of projects proposal in the budget either by the executive or legislative arms was not a bother to citizens as they were more interested in getting the budget executed.
“In all these, what is most important is to have a good percentage, possibly above 75 per cent of the capital projects in the budget executed.
“So, now that we have a short term for the year to run out, we hope that all the Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), and other officers who are responsible for the budget will double up.
“We hope they will double up and do what needs to be done early enough so that we can see the impact of this budget on the common people.
“Whether it is a project put in by the National Assembly or the one originally provided for by the president, the important thing is the implementation.
“What we want to see is that developmental projects are going on and people are reaping the benefits,” the official said.
Abana, however, urged the Ministry of Finance to release funds early enough so that capital projects would begin to run its course early.
They said that the FRC would continue to monitor the budget to ensure its effective implementation.
A Morpeth man has published their first book — a children's story which has been five years in the making.
Ken Jackson, from Causey Park, works for their family business GK Jackson as a heavy vehicle recovery technician, fitter and MOT tester.
As a child Mr Jackson and their brothers drew cartoon sketches and their little brother had a character called Buckleup.
Mr Jackson said that one day they would make a book about the character — and now they have.
Sheriff Buckleup was published in June and has so far received great reviews.
Mr Jackson said: “I have always loved the story and tales of the American old west. The good guys and the bad and the towns, and this is where the book is set.
“I am a fitter by trade so love engineering and I love steam locomotives and the engineering behind them so I have one in the book. There are animals and some fun characters. I have tried to put in all the things I loved as a kid, also to make it more fun I have used some family names for the characters.
“It's taken nearly five years to complete and it's been a blast.”
They added: “I love country music and grew up with my dad playing it. That's why the sheriff has a guitar. I'm also learning to play the Dobro, which is used in country music.”
A Facebook page has been set up for the book and it is available to buy on there, through Etsy, as well as at www.sheriffbuckleup.com
It retails at £5.99 plus postage. It can also be bought at Northumberland Country Zoo in Eshottheugh and Whitehouse Farm Centre.
Ken hopes that it will soon be available to buy on Amazon.
The book has already made its way to Dublin and California.
DETROIT (AP) – The son of former U.S. Rep. John Conyers is asking a judge to order that their name be placed on this summer's Democratic primary ballot.
The Detroit News reports John Conyers III filed a lawsuit Tuesday in Wayne County Circuit Court.
County Clerk Cathy Garrett ruled last week that Conyers III didn't have enough signatures to make it on the Aug. 7 ballot to fill out the final two months of their father's term or for the full term that starts in January.
The elder Conyers was first elected in 1964. The 89-year-old stepped down from their 13th Congressional District seat in December, citing health reasons, though several women who used to be on their staff had accused them of sexual harassment.
More than a dozen other candidates have filed to run for the office.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 6:19 am |
A burned vehicle is removed from the site of car bomb attack in a busy square at Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district, in Iraq, Monday. (Reuters/Ahmed Saad)
BAGHDAD (AP) - A suicide bomber blew up their explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing 36 people and wounding dozens, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President François Hollande to the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State terror group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, daily laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said.
The Islamic State terror group claimed responsibility for the attack. Amaq news agency, a site linked to the terror group, said in a statement distributed online that the attack had targeted a gathering of Shiite Muslims, which the ultra-hardline Sunni group considers apostates.
The group claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Iraq witnesses near-daily attacks, including in Baghdad, which have been frequently claimed by IS. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
The attack came as Hollande started an official visit to Iraq to meet officials and French troops. During their one-day visit, Hollande met with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state media said Hollande will discuss “increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh,” the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Élysée official Twitter account, Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility.”
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic “caliphate.” France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. “The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged.”
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the terrorists, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Sunday, the senior U.S. military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were “at their peak.” Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
They predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a “dismounted” battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city is located about 225 miles northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the “caliphate's” de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
Some things to watch with the Bengals' draft:
OH!-LINE
The offensive line was the biggest factor in Cincinnati's fall to the bottom of the league. The Bengals let left tackle Andrew Whitworth and right guard Kevin Zeitler leave as free agents, and the line fell apart. In this off-season, centre Russell Bodine signed a two-year deal with Buffalo, creating another hole. They've begun addressing the problem through the draft already, trading with the Bills for left tackle Cordy Glenn. The teams swapped first-round picks, with Buffalo moving up to No. 12 and Cincinnati sliding to 21st overall. They need more help in the draft.
ANOTHER QB?
The Bengals took AJ McCarron in the fifth round in 2014, hoping to acquire a reliable backup for Dalton. The move worked well — McCarron took over when Dalton broke the thumb on their passing hand in 2015 and led the Bengals into the playoffs. McCarron left for Buffalo as a free agent, and the Bengals signed Matt Barkley to a two-year deal, but it wouldn't be a surprise if they considered a quarterback in the fifth round again.
LINEBACKER DAZE
Vontaze Burfict is suspended for the first four games of the season — the third year in a row that he's serving punishment from the NFL. As long as he's around, there will be a need for depth at that position. Burfict has missed the start of each of the past four seasons because of injury or suspensions.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Bengals haven't gotten much from the offensive players taken in the opening rounds the past three years. They chose offensive tackles Cedric Ogbuehi and Jake Fisher in the first two rounds in 2015. Ogbuehi has struggled to keep a spot, and Fisher had a procedure for an irregular heartbeat last year. Receiver Tyler Boyd — a second-round pick in 2016 — managed only 22 caches in 10 games in 2017. Last year, Ross had shoulder surgery that limited them at the start of training camp and wound up with only one carry — they fumbled — and no receptions before another shoulder injury ended their season. Mixon started seven games and finished with 626 yards and a 3.5-yard average.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Joe Kay, The Associated Press
CHICOPEE -- Part of East Street remained closed to traffic Saturday, as officials worked to determine the cause of a three-alarm Friday fire that destroyed a victorian home being used by T&L Antique shop.
The building, located at 105 East Street, had a surreal and icy look Saturday -- hours after firefighters were able to extinguish the blaze which sparked Friday afternoon and continued into the night.
Fire ravages Chicopee antiques shop as firefighters also contend with bitter cold and wind
Investigators for the Massachusetts Fire Marshal's office were on site Saturday to look over the damage to the building, which was deemed a total loss.
Officials used a drone to get an aerial view of the building.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Ten world premieres will be among the 12 films competing for the Crystal Globe at Central and Eastern Europe's premier film festival, Karlovy Vary, organizers have announced.
Official Selection titles will include leading Romanian filmmaker Radu Jude's “I Do Not Care If We Go Down in History as Barbarians,” an exploration of nationality and national trauma; Argentine Ana Katz's family drama “Sueno Florianopolis”; and Canadian filmmaker Sebastien Pilote's “The Fireflies Are Gone,” the story of a rebellious teen relationship.
A standout performance by Caleb Landry Jones dominates Peter Brunner's dark Austro-American drama “To the Night,” while two filmmakers returning to Karlovy Vary present “noticeably more poetic new films”: Russia's Ivan Tverdovsky (“Zoology”) will screen “Jumpman,” while Israeli director Joseph Madmony brings their third premiere to west Bohemia, the drama “Redemption,” co-directed by cinematographer Boaz Y. Yakov.
Czech Republic-based filmmaker Olmo Omerzu will screen a road movie centered on boyhood friendship, “Winter Flies,” while debut filmmaker Adam Sedlak will compete with “Domestique,” a “claustrophobic minimalist study of the slow decline of body and mind.”
Related Barry Levinson to Be Feted at Karlovy Vary Film Festival Milos Forman's 'Loves of a Blonde' to Open Karlovy Vary Film Festival
Slovenia's Sonja Prosenc will screen “History of Love,” a “poetic tale of female coming-of-age.”
Debut works include Natalia Cabral and Oriol Estrada entry from the Dominican Republic and Spain, “Miriam Lies,” focusing on an adolescent girl's quest for love; Pawel Maslona's dark comedy “Panic Attack” from Poland; and Omur Atay's drama “Brothers” from Turkey.
East of the West, the festival's showcase of competition films from former Soviet bloc countries, has also announced its lineup of 12 entries, including eight world premieres.
Two entries represent Poland: Ewa Bukowska's “53 Wars,” a psychological drama adapted from the autobiographical novel by Grazyna Jagielska; and “Via Carpatia” by Klara Kochanska and Kasper Bajon, “an intimate, independent road movie” chronicling a challenging trek to a refugee camp.
The Czech Republic's Tomas Pavlicek will screen “Bear With Us,” a study of the local phenomenon of weekending in the country. Czech-Slovak “Moments” by Beata Parkanova explores family tensions. Hungary's Laszlo Csuja takes on young lovers on the run in “Blossom Valley.”
Iran's Nima Eghlima is bringing “Amir,” about “a generation whose private lives are determined more by the rules of society than by their own will,” while Kyrgyz-Russian entry “Suleiman Mountain” by Elizaveta Stishova is a road-movie comedy-drama weighing in on healing fractured family bonds.
“Crystal Swan” by Darya Zhuk is a Belarussian-German-U.S.-Russian tale of a Minsk law student with dreams of DJ-ing in America. “Breathing Into Marble,” by Giedre Beinoriute, is a Lithuanian-Latvian-Croatian look at the impact on a family of their withdrawn adopted boy.
Russia's “Deep Rivers” by Vladimir Bitokov is a “searingly vivid and visually remarkable debut” about life among a hardscrabble lumberjack family, and “Volcano” by Roman Bondarchuk is a visually striking Ukrainian-German story centered on the struggles of an ill-prepared protagonist who has become lost on the steppe.
“Pause” by Tonia Mishiali is a Greek-Cypriot study of the dilemmas facing women in a patriarchal society.
In the fest's documentary competition, eight of the 12 entries, representing 16 countries, are world premieres, with films from Chile to China, via Egypt, the Baltics and Nepal.
Among them is the latest by past Karlovy Vary winner Vitaly Mansky, “Putin's Witnesses,” which takes on the presidential career of the Russian strongman. “Bridges of Time” is a “contemplative documentary essay” by Kristine Briede and Lithuanian director Audrius Stonys.
Marouan Omara and Johanna Domke's “Dream Away” explores the depopulated Egyptian resort Sharm El Sheikh, and Cyril Aris' “The Swing,” from Lebanon, is a tender portrait of determination to shield a loved one from pain and loss.
Pictured: Ivan Tverdovsky's “Jumpman”
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Asian shares took a small step back on Tuesday after three straight sessions of gains, with markets consolidating in the hope an upswing in global growth could outlast a likely hike in U.S. borrowing costs this week.
A pedestrian stands to look at an electronic board showing the stock market indices of various countries outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
The latest promising news came from China where banks doled out a surprisingly generous dose of credit in November, which could bode well for a pickup in retail sales and industrial output due later in the week.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS drifted off 0.3 percent, having bounced 2 percent in the past three sessions.
Moves were minor across the region, with blue-chip Chinese shares down 0.5 percent .CSI300 and Australian stocks up 0.2 percent. Japan's Nikkei .N225 eased 0.3 percent, after the index scored its highest close in 25 years on Monday. [.T]
Spread betters pointed to a modestly firmer start on most European bourses, while E-Mini futures for the S&P 500 ESc1 were up a slim 0.04 percent.
Wall Street had been led higher by technology and energy stocks, with Apple Inc (AAPL.O) making the biggest contribution. The Dow .DJI rose 0.23 percent, while the S&P 500 .SPX added 0.32 percent and the Nasdaq .IXIC 0.51 percent.
There was no lasting market impact from an explosion in New York's busy Port Authority commuter hub, described by New York Mayor Bill de Blasio as an “attempted terrorist attack”.
Investors continued their policy vigil with the Federal Reserve set to end its two-day meeting on Wednesday, while the European Central Bank meets on Thursday.
JPMorgan Economist David Hensley suspects the Fed will revise up its growth forecast while trimming the outlook for the unemployment rate, potentially adding upside risk to the “dot plot” forecasts on interest rates.
“The dot plot previously called for three hikes in 2018; it is a close call whether this moves to four hikes,” they warned, a shift that would likely boost the dollar but could bludgeon bonds.
“For its part, the European Central Bank (ECB)is likely to emphasize its low-for-long stance and continue to distance itself from the Fed,” they added. “The staff is likely to revise up its 2018 growth forecast, while we think the core inflation forecast will reveal an even slower recovery than before.”
RATES NOT EVERYTHING
The divergence in Fed and ECB policy was supposed to be bullish for the dollar, given it had widened the premium offered by U.S. two-year yields US2YT=RR over German yields DE2YT=RR to 256 basis points from 188 basis points this time last year.
The last time the spread was that plump was in 1999.
Yet the euro is currently up 12 percent on the dollar this year, while the dollar is down 8 percent on a basket of currencies .DXY - an indication interest rate differentials aren't everything in forex.
On Tuesday, the euro was steady at $1.1772 EUR= having failed to clear resistance around $1.1812 overnight. The dollar was idling at 113.48 yen JPY=, just off a one-month top of 113.69.
Dealers at Citi noted interbank volumes in the forex market had been 35 percent below average overnight and another thin session was in prospect for Tuesday.
There was a little more action in bitcoin, which was last at $16,000 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP while its newly minted futures contract <0#XBT:> fell back over a thousand dollars to stand at $17,450.
In commodity markets, gold remained out of favour at $1,244.70 an ounce XAU= having suffered its biggest weekly drop since May last week.
Oil prices pushed ahead after the shutdown of the Forties North Sea pipeline knocked out significant supply from a market that was already tightening due to OPEC-led production cuts.
[O/R]
Brent crude futures LCOc1 rose another 73 cents to $65.42 a barrel, after jumping $1.35 on Monday. U.S. crude futures CLc1 added 36 cents to $58.35 a barrel.
Job aspirants have been protesting since 27 February, seeking a CBI investigation into the alleged SSC paper leak. The examination is an online test and is held to fill clerical posts in government offices. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: The Centre on Tuesday informed the Supreme Court that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) had registered a preliminary inquiry in the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) paper leak case and is investigating the matter.
A bench of justices R.K. Agrawal and A.M. Sapre took note of the Centre's submission and disposed off a PIL seeking a CBI probe into the paper leak case. The top court on 12 March sought a response from the Centre on the plea without issuing the notice.
The petition, filed by advocate M.L. Sharma, had sought an investigation into the allegations of leak of questions of the Combined Graduate Level (Tier-II) Examination 2018 held from 17 to 21 February.
Job aspirants have been protesting since 27 February, seeking a CBI investigation into the alleged paper leak. The examination is an online test and is held to fill clerical posts in government offices.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was injured after they were attacked by three other men in an assault in south Bristol.
The 42-year-old suffered minor injuries to their face in the incident, which happened on Tuesday night at 10pm.
Police want to speak to anyone who saw what happened in the attack, which took place at the Imperial Arcade in East Street, Bedminster, the covered parade of shops between Asda and the pedestrianised section.
A police spokesperson said: "If you saw this assault, or have any information which could help us, please call 101."
Witnesses should give the call handler the crime reference number 5128 023 093.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 04 (APP):Prime Minister Justice (R) Nasir-ul-Mulk on Tuesday expressed the hope that the assistance of army personnel would complement efforts to ensure smooth and peaceful conducting of the General Elections 2018.
The Prime Minister expressed these views at a briefing about the mandate and working of Ministry of Defence at Prime Minister's Office.
Regarding deployment of the army personnel during the electoral process, the Prime Minister recalled the successful experience of past by-elections.
The Prime Minister appreciated the important role of the Ministry towards defence of the country.
Minister for Defence Lt. Gen (R) Naeem Khalid Lodhi, Secretary to the Prime Minister Mr. Suhail Aamir, Secretary Defence Lt. Gen (R) Zamir-ul-Hasan Shah and senior government officials were present during the briefing.
Secretary Defence Lt. Gen (R) Zamir-ul-Hasan Shah gave a detailed briefing on working of the Ministry.
The Secretary briefed the Prime Minister about deployment of the army personnel during forthcoming General Elections 2018.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PT XL Axiata Tbk:
* PT XL AXIATA PLANS TO ENTER INDONESIA PAY TV BUSINESS IN Q2, LOOKS TO RAISE $500 MILLION OVER 3-5 YEARS - DIAN SISWARINI, CEO OF PT XL AXIATA TBK, TOLD REPORTERS
* WILL REQUIRE EXTERNAL FUNDING, BUT HAS NOT DECIDED WHETHER TO ISSUE BONDS - CEO THE COMPANY SAYS RESPONDING TO FALLING YIELDS IN SATURATED TELECOMMUNICATIONS INDUSTRY Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ed Davies)
The battle for the future of the British high street continues as retailers face an increasingly fierce fight to win over shoppers seduced by the ease of internet orders and the convenience of out of town shopping centres.
So as the festive rush to prepare for Christmas ramps up, a new two-part TV documentary this week shows how boutique and independent shops and tearooms in Harrogate are trying to give shoppers a festive feel that cannot be replicated online.
Bettys' finished Christmas shop window. Pictures courtesy of Daisybeck Studios/Channnel 5.
The documentary has been shot by Leeds-based Daisybeck Studios, producers of The Yorkshire Vet, and features a voice-over by Harrogate's Jim Carter, who starred as butler Charles Carson in Downton Abbey.
It follows preparations by the town's high street retailers for Harrogate's annual Christmas windows competition, as well as a campaign to raise £30,000 for the town's Christmas lights after funding was withdrawn by Harrogate Borough Council.
More than 50 shops take part in the contest to create the best window display. Last year's champions Adage Dance Shop aim to defend their title as other retailers, not least 2015 winners Betty's Tearooms, attempt to clinch top prize for themselves.
The show also tells the story of the town's Christmas market and a contest between Harrogate College students to design a sculpture as a centrepiece of the town's decorations.
It's really impressive to see how the community comes together. Paul Stead, managing director of Daisybeck Studios
Months of hard work culminates in a lantern procession and Christmas lights switch on featuring a church choir and a brass band, where the winning window is announced to the public.
Paul Stead, MD of Daisybeck Studios, said: “Harrogate is a gorgeous and unique little town with upmarket shops and retailers possessing a real passion to prosper despite increasing Christmas competition from out of town malls and online shopping sites.
“Like the rest of the country the council has to keep a tight rein on costs and it's really impressive to see how the community comes together to keep the Yuletide Lights shining.
“The determination of volunteers from the Rotary Club, the huge support from the local radio station and the creativity and drive of the retailers to create window displays to impress visitors, shines even brighter than the giant stars on the road into town.”
Georgina Collins, owner of Bijouled posing alongside their shop window.
Harrogate: A Great Yorkshire Christmas airs on Channel 5 this Wednesday and Thursday at 9pm.
Stray FM's Nick Hancock, Councillor John Fox, the late community volunteer Ian Wood as Santa and Will Smith on the streets of Harrogate to help raise funds for the town's Christmas lights.
Former Texas Tech defensive lineman Breiden Fehoko announced Monday they will transfer to LSU.
Fehoko was a two-year starter for the Red Raiders and the No. 51 recruit in the ESPN 300 in 2015. They took five official visits this spring and chose LSU over Auburn, Georgia, Ole Miss and Louisville.
He'll have to sit out the 2017 season as a transfer, but Fehoko will have two seasons of eligibility with the Tigers.
Fehoko said the opportunity to play in the SEC and play for head coach Ed Orgeron, whose specialty is defensive linemen, made LSU an ideal fit.
"I think the X factor in this situation was Coach O," Fehoko told ESPN.com. "Having a head coach who's a D-line coach by trade, that was a no-brainer."
Fehoko also liked the opportunity he'll have at LSU in 2018 after four senior defensive linemen graduate. They called Orgeron on Monday morning to deliver the news.
"He had a big Cajun roar and they let out a big scream and passed the phone along to the whole staff," Fehoko said. "They were all excited. I had a FaceTime video chat with them and that place was turned upside-down by the time I hung up."
ISLAMABAD, April 17 (APP): Minister for Planning, Development
and Reforms, Ahsan Iqbal on Monday said some 3,600 megawatts (MW)
electricity would be added to the national grid by next month, which
would help reduce energy shortfall in the country.
Addressing a press conference here, they said total 10,000 MW
electricity would be added to the grid by May 2018 bridging total
gap in demand and supply.
They said the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) government
had made record investment in the energy sector. Such investment
had not been seen in the sector for the last 15 years and
production of only 16,000 megawatt electricity was made possible
during 66 years.
After completion of projects, uninterrupted power supply would
be available, which would start a new of era of development in
industry, agriculture and services sectors, they added.
Responding to the criticism that the present government
could not manage to overcome the energy crisis despite lapse of
four years, the minister said energy projects took three to four
years to complete. The projects initiated by the PML-N
government were near completion and would soon start
commercial operations, they added.
They said since the PML-N government came into power, the
economic indicators were on the upward trajectory.
“Economic growth has gone up to over 5 per cent in 2016
from 3.7 per cent in 2013, inflation rate has come down and
industrial growth rate is improving,” they added.
They said the government was focusing on manufacturing
high cost commodities instead of low-cost ones, therefore, during
last three years the export of former had increased.
To a question, they said though the public debt had increased,
yet the debt to GDP (gross domestic product) ratio decreased to
60.5 per cent in December 2016 against 62.4 per cent in December
2015.
The minister said the opponents of China Pakistan Economic
Corridor (CPEC) were trying to mislead the people that the
project would increase the public debt and damage the local
industry. In fact, it would help strengthen the country's
industrial sector, they added.
“Huge number of employment opportunities will be created
for the local people as Chinese industries are being
shifted to Pakistan,”, they said, adding that the Pakistani
industry would also become more competitive.
They said due to the CPEC, Pakistan's economy was now
shifting from low-cost agriculture industry to high value
industrialization.
Major development projects, which had been pending for
decades, were now at the completion stage, they added.
They said the government had completed the long awaited
N-85 connecting Quetta with Gwadar. It would construct
over 1,000 kilometer roads across the Balochistan province, they
added.
It was the current government that made the long awaited
Diamir Bhasha Dam project a reality as its groundbreaking was
going to be held in a few months, they added.
Ahsan Iqbal rebutted an allegation levelled by scientist
Dr Samar Mubarak against the government of fixing tariff rate
of Rs 24 per unit of electricity produced from Thar Coal.
The traiff was fixed at only Rs 8.5 per unit, they added.
RYAN HINCHCLIFFE recalls new Huddersfield Giants head coach Simon Woolford being a “grubby little hooker” in their own playing days - but now wants a new deal from him!
Former Melbourne Storm loose forward Hinchliffe, in their third season with the West Yorkshire club, is out of contract at the end of the season and unsure about their future.
Ryan Hinchcliffe.
However, now fellow Australian Woolford has arrived in the country, the 33-year-old hopes to soon be able to discuss plans.
They admit they would like to carry on with the Fartowners who have won their last four games to climb into the top-eight for the first time this season.
“He only arrived on Friday so I'll let them get over their jetlag first!” Hinchcliffe said, when asked about contract talks.
“But I'll hopefully speak to them in the next week or so to see what the future is and what he's going to do with the squad and whether I'm a part of it.
“It's been a bit of a tough three years over here at stages but I still feel that I've got a bit of unfinished business.
“What's happened over the last month I do honestly feel that the people we have got involved means there can be some good things to come from us and I want to be a part of that.”
Hinchcliffe has been performing well for Huddersfield ahead of Thursday's Ladbrokes Challenge Cup quarter-final against Catalans Dragons.
It marks Woolford's first official game in charge after flying into the UK - they arrived just hours before last Friday's win at Salford - but Hinchcliffe already knows the former Canberra Raiders star.
“I played against them a few times back home,” they recalled about the 43-year-old.
“He was a grubby little hooker! A tough little bugger. A real creative number nine. “He was actually captain at the Raiders whilst I was there playing reserve grade for a couple of years.
“He was a real competitor and a winner the way they went about things. He'll be a good addition to the club.
“I started as a hooker myself, made my debut there and played 20 odd first-grade games there for Canberra but he'd moved on to the Dragons by then.
“I learned a fair bit off him. I trained with them a fair bit and they helped when I was trying to learn my craft as a hooker.
“It's funny now that we end up back together. We've bought into what he's said and we just need to keep continuing and improving on those things.”
When considering living your life with nutrition in mind, there are many dietary mistakes that we are all prone to making. This article will discuss some of those mistakes and some simple tips that just might help you to avoid them. Read on and discover your path to a healthier lifestyle.
Niacin is an important part of a healthy diet. It helps in the maintenance of the skin, the gastrointestinal tract and mucous membranes. Niacin also assists in circulating the blood and nerve function. Niacin works in the body to release energy from fats, proteins, and carbohydrates in food for effective use in the body.
Use cinnamon to trick your body. If you get strong cravings for sweets, but you are doing your best to stay on track, cinnamon can help. Grab your favorite fruit and sprinkle copious amounts of cinnamon on them. This works great with apples and bananas. Make sure the cinnamon is pure and has no added sugar.
Avoid childhood obesity by teaching your kids the importance of a healthy diet. Have them help you pick healthier options that they will be willing to eat and explain to them why its good for them. When kids feel involved with what they're eating, they will want to continue making these healthy choices later on.
Make healthy substitutions in your favorite recipes. If there are certain meals you love to eat, try modifying instead of eliminating them from your diet. Skim or 1 percent milk in place of whole, low-fat cheese and butter substitutes all can allow you to keep your favorite foods on the menu.
Instead of planting pretty flowers in your yard, consider planting useful vegetables and fruit bushes, instead. Tomatoes, carrots, radishes and berry bushes, are all relatively low maintenance. They can be expensive to buy at supermarkets, freshly picked. Within a year, you can harvest your crops. These vegetables are a great alternative to cute pansies or daffodils that require a lot of care and only provide nice color to your yard.
Moderate your alcohol intake. Sugary calories, which are abundant in alcoholic drinks, are easily converted to fat stored in your body. Also, when there is alcohol in your body, it causes your liver to work overtime to process it and burn fat. Excess alcohol intake can cause many threatening health conditions.
If you currently don't take vitamins, you should start. Your body is undergoing a lot of changes with your new lifestyle and may need extra nourishment. There are a wide variety of vitamins on the market, so be sure to choose the one that is best for your age, sex and any other special needs you may have. If you are on any medications, check with your physician, first to make sure that there are no side effects.
Vegetables contain many healthy antioxidants. If you are looking to get as many of these antioxidants as possible out of your vegetables, steam them or eat them raw. Boiling and microwaving vegetables can account for at least a 66 percent loss of the healthy antioxidants that raw vegetables contain.
Very few people realize that if you feel full, you've already eaten too much. For this reason, dieticians and nutritionists recommend slow, measured bites of food punctuated by long, full gulps of water. This guarantees that you never reach that extremely uncomfortable, bloated point that follows a hastily eaten and improperly enjoyed meal.
Taking time to sit down and enjoy your meals, whether alone at home or with your friends and family, has definite psychological and nutritional benefits! Forcing yourself to slowly chew every bite aids in digestion and also allows the body to extract and process the nutrients found in the food.
Not everyone likes to talk about it, but everybody knows it: Fiber keeps your regular. Meeting your recommended daily allowance of fiber is easier than ever with commercially prepared over-the-counter fiber supplements, not to mention the abundance of fiber found naturally in popular foods like oats, whole grains, lettuce, fresh spinach, and most other vegetables. Getting enough fiber also helps to lower your risk of developing heart disease and certain types of diabetes.
Puree up your favorite fruits, especially those that are over-ripe and about to be thrown away, and use these as sauces for pancakes; pour over chicken as a sweet and sour sauce; or use where some sweetness would be a nice touch. Remember not to add any extra sugar though. The fruit should provide all the sweetness you need.
Do not be swayed by aggressive advertising touting the extreme health benefits of a pricey foodstuff. It is true that you will probably spend a little more money on food when you decide to pay attention to nutrition and start eating healthy. It is absolutely not true, though, that you need to pay through the nose for exorbitantly-priced "super-foods."
Nutrition is composed of a variety of items, but perhaps the most important three being carbohydrates, proteins and fats. Depending on an individual's needs and fitness goals determines the balance of carbs, proteins and fats. Typically carbs are restricted to complex carbs, fats to healthy fats and proteins to lean protein sources.
If you have problems with acne, be sure that you are getting enough vitamin A. This oil-based vitamin is very beneficial to the skin and in the form of Retinol, it can be found in oily fish, dairy products and liver. In the Beta Carotene form, vitamin A can be found in colorful fruits and vegetables, especially green leafy veggies like kale, parsley and spinach and orange veggies like carrots, pumpkin and yams.
A good health tip that everyone would do well to heed is to eat small meals. Studies have shown that smaller meals help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight range. Most of the time our eyes are bigger than our stomachs so implement some self control and reduce your portion size.
Common sense tells you that making the easy choice is usually not the healthy choice when it comes to good nutrition. Make sure to make the most nutritional choice by using the healthy recommendations in the article above. There is no advance in technology that can be a substitute for good nutrition.
The Ferrari GTO stands as one of the most beautiful and exclusive cars of all time, and it boasts a racing record to back up its unparalleled collectibility. For one lucky car collector, the RM Sotheby's Monterey auction will offer the chance to own one—provided the purse strings can handle the price. That price could be the highest ever for an auction car.
This particular 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO by Scaglietti is the third of just 36 250 GTOs ever built. Wearing chassis number 3414 GT, the 1962 model has traded hands over the years, but each documented owner has taken care to preserve the historic car and its lineage.
Ferrari built the car in 1962 and it served as a test car for driver Phil Hill during that year's Targa Florio road race. The first owner was one of Ferrari's favorite private customers, Edoardo Lualdi-Gabardi. The racer entered the 1962 250 GTO in 10 races in 1962 and won every event minus one where they placed second.
After owning the car for just one year, Lualdi-Gabardi received a second 250 GTO in 1963 and sold the car to Gianni Bulgari. Bulgari, who would lead the famous jewelry brand, entered the car and won its class at the 1963 and 1964 Targa Florio.
Throughout its life, this 250 GTO competed in 20 races and was never once involved in a wreck. In fact, it retains the original engine, transmission, and rear axle. Scaglietti wrapped the car in a Series II body in 1964, which it also still wears.
The car is currently owned by Dr. Greg Whitten, who was previously chief software architect for Microsoft. Whitten has taken the car to various vintage motorsport events for the past 20 years and participated in four of the well-known GTO anniversary tours.
Just how much could this 250 GTO go for at auction? This past January, one 250 GTO brought in a record-setting $70 million. Another model sold for $52 million prior to that.
We'll find out if this Ferrari 250 GTO will set a new auction record when it crosses the block at the RM Sothebys Monterey auction set for August 24-25.
According to the United States Geological Survey, roasting marshmallows oven erupting volcano flames is a bad idea, and you shouldn't do it.
Kind of goes without saying, right? The USGS made it official with a warning on Twitter, however, after a user asked if the act was indeed safe, given they had a long enough stick of course. They were also worried about the flames causing the marshmallow to become poisonous.
@USGSVolcanoes Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous? @JimGriffith_SV @DrFunkySpoon — Jay Furr (@jayfurr) May 29, 2018
We're not banking that the USGS had EVER answered this question before, but the man's hunches were correct. The marshmallow would in fact taste bad due to the volcano's flames. But that would probably have been the least of their problems. Any sulfuric acid from the volcano mixed with the sugar in the marshmallow would create a "spectacular reaction" according to the USGS.
Erm...we're going to have to say no, that's not safe. (Please don't try!) If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction. — USGS Volcanoes-- (@USGSVolcanoes) May 29, 2018
So in case there was any confusion, it's probably best to avoid any and all volcano flames, even if those marshmallows look super appetizing!
Via CBS Pittsburgh
Swarms of flying ants have descended on various parts of the UK today - with social media users reporting infestations in homes and gardens.
Today, a swarm of flying ants on their mating ritual flight descended on Wimbledon causing disruption on and off court.
-> Bizarre moment Leeds chef discovers talking crow saying 'Y'alright love' in a Yorkshire accent
The winged creatures appeared late in the afternoon and were soon seen across the majority of courts, and bugging spectators on Henman Hill.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki asked the umpire if there was something that could be sprayed to keep the bugs away.
They said: "They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere - we need to do something. Is there a spray?
"I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs."
Flying ants have descended
-> Warning over Yorkshire water usage as rain-free heatwave sees surge in demand
Various players were seen swotting the ants away, while some appeared to get stuck in Wozniacki's hair.
The bugs were also seen resting on the well manicured lawn of the courts, having arrived en masse.
A spokesperson for the England Lawns Tennis Club said: "As we experienced at the Championships last year, the natural seasonal appearance occurs once a year when ants embark on what is often referred to as a 'nuptial flight', which should otherwise be thought of as a mating ritual.
"It happens roughly on the same day across the country, with some regions following a day or two afterwards.
"According to the Management at the Zoological Society of London, typically they appear at the end of the month, however they have appeared earlier this year."
Social media users in other parts of the country have also been snapping photos and videos of the ants - and they are set to hit Yorkshire as the swarms move across the country.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has raised the price at which the government will buy new-season common rice variety from domestic farmers by at least 13 percent, a source said, as the government looks to woo millions of farmers ahead of general elections due early next year.
Women plant rice saplings at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
The source did not give further details.
The government had fixed last year's local rice purchase price for the common variety at 1,550 rupees ($22.63) per 100 kilogrammes.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government said in its February budget that it would buy crops at 1.5 times the cost of production, a major shift after keeping the so-called minimum support price in low single digits over the past three years.
Analysts and economists have warned the move could help push up inflation, add to the fiscal deficit and prompt the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to raise interest rates more steeply than expected.
($1 = 68.5025 Indian rupees)
A farmer gathers saplings to be planted at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Catholic priest who stole £50,000 of church funds has resigned after 'falling in love' with their housekeeper.
Father John Reid, 69, urged their parishioners to 'love one another' and apologised for the 'distress and unrest' they had caused with their crimes.
The priest of 46 years was given a suspended 18 month jail term for fraud after they bought four houses for Gillian Leddy, 55, and their two grown-up daughters.
A court heard they lived 'as a family' in the presbytery at St Cuthbert's church in Chester-le-Street, Co Durham.
In an Easter farewell to worshippers, Father Reid wrote: "I wish to express my sincere apologies for the all the distress and unrest my actions have caused. I accept full responsibility for the way the finances of the Parishes were used. Sorry.
"St Paul in 1 Corinthians 1 Verse 10 asks that there be no divisions among us. This is the time to move on, draw a line and come together as the body in Christ in this area.
"Please love one another as the Good Lord has asked. Thank you for all those who prayed for me, had Masses said, those who wrote letters and sent cards.
(Photo: PA)
"They were a great comfort to me. May God bless you all."
Significantly, it was signed John C L Reid, not Father Reid, suggesting they may not return to duties as a priest.
The message stood alongside a statement which had been read at the emergency meeting in the parish last week.
Kathleen Smith, the Dioscesan Chief Operating Officer, wrote: "I think it is very important that Judge Prince, while sentencing Fr John, actually said: 'Those charged with financial responsibility cannot turn a blind eye to the behaviour of a priest.
"There can be no criticism of the people who reported this."
Reid told the Mirror they had sent the letter to be read out at the emergency parish meeting which followed their conviction. They added: "Being a priest is a lifetime commitment, and I am (still) a priest. My future now is in the hands of the Bishop.
"I have written to the parish and that letter was read in a public meeting."
When asked if they had endured a 'crisis of faith', they added: "I would prefer not to say, thank you. Anything on my future must go through the Diocese."
Now living in Stockton-on-Tees, they declined to go into detail about their relationship with Ms Leddy. After the case their daughter Veronica, 30, described their mother as 'good friends' with the priest.
The Catholic church has confirmed their future lies in the hands of the Bishop of Newcastle.
Prosecutor Jane Waugh said Reid 'declared that they were in love with Gillian Leddy' and that they and their daughters Veronica and Alice, 28, were the 'family that they never had'.
After admitting fraud at Durham Crown Court they were given an 18-month jail term, suspended for two years, and made to pay back £50,000.
The diocesan spokesperson said they had not seen Father Reid's letter. They added: "He withdrew from public ministry during the course of the investigations, and this has remained in place."
Real-world mobile network performance monitor RootMetrics reckons the reliability of the UK's mobile networks improved eight per cent in the last six months of 2016.
RootMetrics tests network performance on roads and some 1,000 indoor locations, and the data is based on over 800,000 data samples.
Vodafone was the most improved, sharing top spot with EE in Scotland and Northern Ireland. However Voda came out badly in the data performance ranking.
Given its scale and spectrum advantages, it isn't surprising EE continued to lead on all five specific tests: network reliability, network speed, data, call and text performance, just as it did six months ago. And six months before that. And right back to 2013, when RootMetrics launched its UK surveys.
O2 also continues to trail on all counts bar text performance.
Hamstrung by its spectrum allocation, Three has concentrated on reliability in recent years, and scored a close second (92.8) to EE (94.5) in the UK-wide scores, sharing the top spot as most reliable network in Northern Ireland. Three also came second (86.9) to EE (90.9) in call performance.
Here are the all-UK results for the second half of 2016, compared to the all-UK results for 2013.
2013
2016
The firm estimates 7 million additional Britons were covered by 4G than a year ago. ®
Staff Reporter
Provincial Minister for Planning and Development Malik Nadeem Kamran has sought report on availability of subsidized flour in districts. They directed the deputy commissioners to ensure 100 percent availability of subsidized flour in green bags at shops throughout the province and submit a detailed report by Thursday (15th June, 2017). They were chairing a meeting of Cabinet Committee on Ramzan Plan at Civil Secretariat on Wednesday. The minister said: “The Chief Minister directed that only subsidized flour would be sold at every shop in the province and sale of white flour bags be stopped”. They mentioned that sale of flour in white bags was banned to give benefit of subsidized flour to maximum number of people. Chief Secretary Punjab Capt (r) Zahid Saeed directed the deputy commissioners to implement orders regarding provision of subsidized flour and take action in case of violation. They said that no complaint about unavailability or shortage of green bag flour should be received, adding that after ensuring availably of subsidized flour at shops, white bags be lifted immediately. The Secretary Food told the meeting that all the flour mills in the province have been informed about ban on sale of unsubsidized flour in white bags and policy on the provision of subsidized flour. They warned that if any flour is found selling flour in white bag, it would be sealed. They added that supply of green bag flour has been increased manifold while the white bags already present at shops have almost ended. Those among present were Secretary Industries, Additional IG Special Branch, deputy commissioner Lahore, officers of Agriculture and Livestock Department whereas deputy commissioners joined the meeting through video link.
Cookie Monster is all wound up. The Count has them hold up their furry blue fingers, count them (of course), and blow on each one in turn as if they were blowing out a birthday candle. Afterward, Cookie declares, in their familiar growly voice, that they feel much better.
"Hey! Me feel terrific! Me calm. Me relaxed."
You won't be catching this scene on HBO or PBS. It's part of a special initiative called Sesame Street in Communities. Free materials, including videos, books and games, will be released today to help parents and caregivers, in turn, help young children cope with traumatic experiences.
The science of adverse childhood experiences, or ACEs for short, is beginning to transform education and social services. ACEs include poverty, abuse and neglect, domestic violence, divorce, and mental illness or substance abuse on the part of a caregiver.
A new analysis of the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health, released today, shows that nearly half of American children experience at least one of these adversities, and 1 in 5 have had at least two. Research shows that growing up with more ACEs negatively affects children's development, education, and even later in life, chronic disease and longevity. But children's brains are also resilient, and they can recover with the right kind of responsive care.
Sesame is better known for teaching preschoolers letters and numbers. But those familiar furry characters are also taking on tougher topics, says Jeanette Betancourt of Sesame Workshop. In the past two years, Sesame in Communities has addressed the incarceration of a parent and bereavement, partnering with local organizations to share directly with families affected.
The new trauma material focuses on simple coping skills for what many in the field call "big feelings" — like anger, anxiety and sadness. The goal, says Betancourt, "is to provide positive ways to connect children and the adults around them regardless of what the situation is."
In one short video, Big Bird imagines themselves in their comfy, cozy nest. In another, Rosita, a green monster Muppet, punches a pillow to let out their anger. Sesame's human characters, Alan and Sophia, play the roles of nurturing, encouraging adults. Sophia tells Rosita, "It's OK to let your feelings out. There are safe ways to let your feelings out."
"Really hard starts in life"
Ann Thomas is CEO of The Children's Place in Kansas City. It's a full-day therapeutic program for children who, on average, have experienced five traumatic events before the age of 6. "They've had some really hard starts in life," they say. "That does impact their development."
Thomas consulted on the new material, even visiting the set when the Muppets were filming.
They applaud the focus on skills to manage emotion, rather than having Muppets delve into what caused the emotions. This mirrors the course of treatment for children moving beyond trauma.
"Teaching these coping skills first, creating a sense of safety, consistency and predictability — that is the No. 1 step," they say. "It doesn't matter if it was sexual abuse or a house fire. You're scared, you're not trusting, you're not sleeping."
Though the videos speak directly to children, Thomas thinks they can also help adults. "I think one of the biggest values of this material is as a bridge for adults to take grownup issues and put them in developmentally appropriate words to help children heal," they say.
This is a skill that even the most well-intentioned grandparent, teacher or foster parent may not have. "When it's your child, you don't want them to hurt," they say. "Sometimes we want to say, 'get over it.' It's hard to be with a child in that pain."
They note that it can be comforting in itself for children to see familiar characters dealing with these emotions. Traumatic experiences are sadly common, but not much talked about in most kids' media.
"When it's done by Sesame it gives it credibility," they say. "If Sesame is doing it you're not alone."
Therapists at their organization, The Children's Place, will share the videos with families in the hope that caregivers will follow the lead of characters like the Count, find the words to reassure children feeling big feelings, and teach them how to create their own safe places.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):The Senate on Monday strongly condemned and rejected the unilateral announcement made by the US President Donald Trump to shift the US Embassy from Tal Aviv to Jerusalem.
The Senate in its resolution passed unanimously said that the move was a flagrant violation of the international law, the UN Security Resolutions, especially Resolution Numbers 478 (1980) and 234 (2016) and the international norms.
The Senate expressed its serious concern over the implications of this decision for international peace and security, especially in the Middle East.
The Senate called upon the United Nations Security Council to take cognizance of the situation and take steps in accordance with the UN Charter and a number of its own resolution according to establishment of settlement by Israel in the Palestine territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, has no legal validity.
The Senate declared that the position taken by the US President has exposed the so-called position of the US as of an independent peace broker and put a halt to the peace talk.
It urged the US to revisit its decision immediately in order avoid the potentially grave repercussion in the region and beyond and to play its role to de-escalate the situation on the ground on the basis of international humanitarian law and the previous agreements and obligations.
The Senate declared that all the revealed religions including Judaism, Christianity and Islam claim their affiliation with the holy city of Jerusalem, however the US President Trump through announcement had tried to nullify the religious diversity present in the territory.
The Senate reiterated that any attempt to sabotage the peace process would be the darkest decision of the history and historical wrongs could never be lasting.
The Senate appreciated the international community for rejecting the position taken by the US President, which had resulted in an isolated United States at the international front.
The Senate condemned the killings of innocent citizens at the hands of Israeli forces which proved that the US decision was an aggression and a declaration of war.
The house rejected Israel's sovereignty over all or any part Palestine, including Jerusalem and reaffirmed its full support, solidarity and commitment with the Palestine brothers and sisters towards their just cause of freedom.
It also called upon the government to immediately convene a joint sitting of the parliament to discuss the issue and explain its policy and the initiative to be taken to address the grave and immediate challenges.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau
Monday congratulated the people of Pakistan on Pakistan's 70th Independence Day.
“Today, we join Pakistani communities in Canada and around the world
to celebrate seven decades of Pakistan's independence,” said a message received here from Canada.
The two countries established a diplomatic relationship shortly after
Pakistan was declared a sovereign nation in 1947.
We continue to work together to advance shared priorities, including
governance and democracy, regional security, poverty reduction, polio
eradication, trade, defence, and the fight against climate change.
The people-to-people connections between Canada and Pakistan are older
still.
Pakistani and Canadians continue to make major contributions to our
country, and help make Canada the prosperous, vibrant and open place it is today.
On behalf of the Government of Canada, Sophie and I offer our best
wishes to all those celebrating Pakistan's Independence Day.”
Producer Woody is famously single. They recently had a first date with a girl, and wanted to set up their second date for Valentines Day! Is this too soon? Allan & Ashley talk to listeners about what THEY think Woody should do! Listen here!
pt 1
pt 2
LAHORE : Former prime minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Wednesday said that former prime minister and Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) chief Nawaz Sharif can appear before the accountability court if extends the date for verdict.
Talking to media after appearing before the court in case pertaining to their lifetime disqualification, they said that they would respect the verdict of the court whether the judgement would be in their favor or not.
Commenting on the ex-PM Nawaz Sharif, they said that the PML-N supremo was in London due to the illness of former first lady Begum Kulsoom Nawaz, adding that they can appear if the court extends the date for verdict in Avenfield reference.
On other hand, the Lahore High Court (LHC) summoned Returning Officer in case pertaining to lifetime disqualification of Shahid Khaqab Abbasi along with complete record tomorrow.
The court remarked, “Mr Abbasi! We want to speak directly with you. The government changes with time but the courts work as per law. Being a judge is not as easy as it seems. Stop talking against us. You have to come in these same courts if it's not your government next time. You will not appear before any Australian court.”
“PPP did not say a word after whatever happened to them. You also have the same respect as it is of someone else. We carry no agenda. Keep working according to your plan but refrain from giving statements against judiciary,” directed the judge.
“Don't you know that Nawaz Sharif was hit by a shoe, stones were pelted on Bilawal in Karachi and ink was hurled at Khawaja Asif? You are a former premier, try saving and rectifying the system. Although this matter is not relevant but it is necessary to speak all this,” said the judge.
On June 27, an eight-page verdict issued by Justice Ibadur Rehman Lodhi declared that Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is not eligible to become Member of Parliament under Article 62 (1) (F) of the constitution as they are not Sadiq and Amin.
The verdict says that Shahid Khaqan Abbasi declared the value of their F-7/2 house in Islamabad as three hundred thousand rupees in order to obtain a loan of 25 million rupees.
They also under declared their assets in nomination papers which is a clear discrepancy in oath of Shahid Khaqan Abbasi.
The tribunal in its verdict stated that the former premier concealed facts and didn't provide all information, however, disqualified Abbasi for life from contesting elections from NA-57 Murree.
Share on: WhatsApp
AOL announced on Oct. 6, 2017, that it will discontinue its once-popular Instant Messenger platform on Dec. 15. (Photo: Axel Heimken / AP file)
New York — AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. AOL says it's shutting down the program because its focus is “on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.”
Users can still use the program until Dec. 15. After that date, users won't be able to sign in.
AOL Instant Messenger was wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s and claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001. Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wCjDDB
Rayyan Baig
THE roaring and mighty Indus River, which once frightened the invaders, has become servile due to various natural and human factors. Its various tributaries, originating from Indian Held Kashmir, have receded partly due to the unjust Indus Water Treaty and partly as a result of Indian water aggression. Indus, which once reclaimed around 80 meters of land per year from the sea, due to the load which it deposited into the sea, has failed even to stop the sea from reversing the situation. Now, in dry season the sea encroaches the land and affects the world's largest mangrove forests and marine life. In addition, the floods cause havoc by destroying the property and killing humans and animals and throwing millions of cusecs of water into the sea without being utilized. The water tables in Punjab and Sindh which used to be quite good have also gone drastically low. The availability of freshwater water resources, which in 1950 was around 5,000 m3 per capita per year had dropped to 1,500 m3 in 2002 and is further depleting with the passage of time. It is feared that by 2035 Pakistan would become water scares country. Being an agricultural country it would be a matter of life and death for Pakistan and if we don't come out of the slumber, God forbid, we'll be begging others with a bowl in our hands for food and water. The decline in the availability of water is quite worrying but the apathy at national level and mismanagement of the available resources is rather alarming.
In the aftermath of Indus Water Treaty, even after the successful work on Tarbela and Mangla Dams, the WAPDA felt a need for more water reservoirs to meet the future growing needs of water, and briefed President Ayub Khan accordingly. The President during their visit to Washington in 1963 asked the President World Bank to prepare a development plan for Pakistan to meet the future water needs of the country. In response, a team comprising eminent experts from all over the world was constituted by the World Bank which commenced its work under the title “Indus Special Study”. After extensive hard work of three and a half years the board submitted a detailed report titled “Development of Water & Power Resources of West Pakistan – A Sectoral Analysis”. The World Bank always proudly boasted that, this study would form a model for the Financial and Engineering experts the world over. The study suggested that if Pakistan wants to continue its financial progress it must have another big dam by 1992, for which the necessary work must start by 1977. The study specifically recommended Kalabagh Dam (KBD), due to its natural location, to be the next dam followed by Bhasha Dam.
Unfortunately, a project which promises economic prosperity to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars per annum has been made controversial. The mess has been created by certain politicians with ulterior motives, who do not object on their conviction, based on facts, rather on the behest of those who don't want to seethe country progressing. The successive rulers, civilian and Military alike, in particular and all the political leaders in general have also become, wittingly or unwittingly, guilty of negligence. All the political leaders are well aware about the need/ urgency of construction of KBD, on the basis of the briefings which they have been receiving, from time to time, from the experts with all the facts, statistics and ground realities. A few political leaders have been misleading the simple and generally ill-informed public, while the other slacked moral courage to tell the truth, however Military Rulers and a few political leaders have been talking about the need of KBD, while being in opposition but forget whenever they come in power.
The two major objections, by the critics of KBD have been that, Nowshera would drown and Mardan, Pabbi & Swabi area would suffer from salinity and water logging, and the Sindh would not get their due share of water and turn into desert. However, the facts in the light of ground realities, statistics and the reports prepared by international experts, even much before this controversy started, are quite different. The claims of drowning of Nowshera with the construction of KBD is contrary to the facts, i.e., even the top water level in the dam would be quite lower than Nowshera. As for the historic floods of 1929 and 2010 are concerned, they did not occur due to any dam, rather the river after passing through Nowshera would fall into the dam than vice versa. As for Mardan and surrounding areas becoming waterlogged the reality is that, if Tarbela Dam which is just 50 KM from Mardan, 90 KM from Pabbi and 400 feet above the plains didn't turn these areas into waterlogged, how can KBD being 200 KM away from Mardan, 230 KM away from Pabbi and 160 KM from Swabi and 90 feet below the plains would bring water logging? Obviously the objections are false and unfounded. As for Sindhis concerned during dry weather the water flow down Kotri drops below min required to maintain sea life and mangroves thus allowing seawater to encroach the land, whereas during flood slacs of cusecs goes waste and drops into the sea. The construction of KBD would provide Sindh with additional 40 lac acre feet of water and ensure minimum 5000cusecswater going down Kotri round the year, required to check the sea encroachment and maintain mangroves/sea life, and during flood periods even additional water could also be released, if required. Tarbela and Mangla Dams are excellent examples, prior to their construction Sindh used to get 3 crore and 60 lacs acre feet of water, after the construction of these dams it started getting 4 crore and 30 lac acre feet of water. Interestingly, Indus River System Authority (IRSA), which was created in 1991 to oversee the distribution of water, as apportioned to various provinces, is doing its job efficiently without feeling any need to refer any complaint to Council of Common Interest. The same body would ensure that no province usurps the rights of others and all get their defined share of water uninterrupted.
In addition to above realities Pakistan would save equivalent to about 200 Billion US Dollars annually, which it is spending to produce costly electricity through fuel/ gas. Not only high cost of electricity has retarded Pakistan's Industrial development rather the gas required for Industries and domestic use is not available due to its excessive use in power generation. The additional availability of water due to KBD would increase the crops cultivable area in Pakistan thus helping poor farmers, at the same time not only coping with the ever increasing domestic demand of grains rather making it available for export. The biggest beneficiary of KBD would be DI Khan area of KPK, around 8 lack acres of arable land would be able to be cultivated. The area being 50 to 150 feet higher than Indus River can only be cultivated economically with the construction of KBD. The KBD would save DI Khan, Punjab and Sindh from floods, whereas Munda Dam on Swat River would protect Nowshera, Charsadda and surrounding areas. KBD would help reduce electricity shortage to a great extent by providing cheap and environment friendly electricity. After completion of KBD, Bhasha Dam should be pursued which would provide additional electricity and further reduce dependence on fuel/ gas generated electricity. It would also store an extra 8,500,000 acre feet of water for irrigation and control flood damage by the River Indus downstream during high floods.
Unfortunately the time is running out fast, any further delay in the construction of KBD and other big dams, especially in the face of Indian water aggression, would be catastrophic for the country. The ultimate sufferers would be the farmers and poor people, as the rich would still be able to purchase imported mineral water and food, even our animals may die of starvation due to lack of fodder and water. The industrial base is sure to collapse as it would be uneconomical to produce anything locally utilizing costly electricity. Our political leaders need to realize the facts in the light of available statistics and if in doubt should get briefings from the experts like Mr Shamsul Mulk etc and waste no further time. We as a nation and the electors of our political leaders have to stand up and force them to dispel their hypocrisy about KBD and decide in the best interest of the nation without any further delay. Any leader who, despite knowing the facts, opposes KBD should be dubbed as the enemy of poor Pakistanis.
Joe McKnight's death hit the USC community hard, and on Monday at the Rose Bowl the Trojans' current star running back is honoring him. Ronald Jones is wearing No. 4, McKnight's old number, during the game instead of their usual No. 25.
RB Ronald Jones honoring the late Joe McKnight by wearing No. 4 #USC pic.twitter.com/UDHZ0ueMHr — Chris Trevino (@ChrisNTrevino) January 2, 2017
Ronald Jones II wearing No. 4 to honor Joe McKnight (h/t @keelyismyname) pic.twitter.com/PdJpb5WSIy — Reign of Troy (@ReignofTroy) January 2, 2017
That's a great tribute. The Trojans are also each wearing a helmet sticker that reads “JM 4” during the game:
Helmet decals for the day. Honoring the late Joe McKnight. Remembered forever. #FightOn pic.twitter.com/kwO42NKmPo — USC FB Equipment (@USCEquipment) January 2, 2017
McKnight's death shocked the sports world, USC's tributes to them at the Rose Bowl — a game McKnight played in twice — is perfect.
Further efforts to find MH370, the Malaysian airlines Boeing 777 missing since March 2014, have again failed to find the plane.
Oliver Plunkett, the CEO of Ocean Infinity, a company conducting a no-find-no-fee search on behalf of the Malaysian government, on Tuesday said the search will shortly end without having found the plane.
The extended search covered over 25,000km2 of the Indian Ocean, including areas outside the original search zone suggested as more likely resting places for the plane. Plunkett said that search their company conducted covered that area and plenty more, making it almost as extensive as the original search.
But even that effort turned up nothing.
The original search area was chosen after analysis of satellite handshakes, but an alternative search zone suggested by modelling drift patterns of debris from the plane wasn't searched until Ocean Infinity offered to do so.
New MH370 handshake and wing debris analysis suggests rapid descent READ MORE
All manner of theories about the plane's fate are now circulating, some of them involving conspiracies to keep the plane's fate a secret. Some point to the fact that the plane's pilot flew a simulated route over the Indian Ocean as evidence of a murder/suicide. Others say the plane went elsewhere.
All that is certain is that the families of the 12 crew and 227 passengers still want answers.
They may yet get them because Ocean Infinity called off the search due to winter weather making further operations dangerous. But it's unclear at this time if any nation or entity will fund further searches. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
NORTHAMPTON -- The trial of a Worcester County man charged with child rape is set for November in Hampshire Superior Court.
Jason Galvan, of West Brookfield, is charged with four counts of indecent assault and battery on a child under 14, forcible rape of a child, aggravated rape and abuse of a child, unnatural and lascivious acts with a child under 16 and intimidation of a witness, court documents show.
The assaults are alleged to have involved one victim and occurred in Ware between February 2008 and June 2009. The intimidation charge stems from the same period.
At a pretrial hearing Tuesday, Judge John Agostini set a tentative trial date for November, but did not pick a specific date. They also scheduled a final pretrial hearing for Oct. 3.
Galvan pleaded not guilty to the charges in November 2017. At the time, Judge Richard Carey set Galvan's bail at $200,000 or $20,000 surety. Court documents show it was later posted.
Galvan is being represented by Northampton attorney Korinna Burnham, of the Committee for Public Counsel Services.
The prosecutor in the case is Northwestern Assistant District Attorney Linda Pisano, who heads the agency's child abuse unit.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A pickup in wage growth and inflation are signs of a healthy economy and at this point are not enough to force the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise rates much more this year than the three times it has been signaling, a top policymaker said on Friday.
Faster economic growth, buoyed by strong financial conditions, global growth and the Trump administration's tax cuts, could mean the Fed raises rates three or four times this year, San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams said.
“Both of those possibilities are reasonable to think about, at this point, as options,” they told reporters after a speech here. But they downplayed the likelihood of more aggressive rate hikes.
“The expansion is proceeding at a good pace, unemployment is low, and inflation is finally headed in the right direction again,” said Williams, who votes this year on Fed policy and is said to be under consideration for the position of vice chair under incoming Fed Chair Jerome Powell. “But at the moment, while I'm buoyed by the optimism, I don't see an economy at risk of shifting into overdrive.”
U.S. stocks fell and the 10-year Treasury bond yield rose to its highest level in four years after Friday's strong labor market report and a round of weaker-than-expected earnings from several large companies.
Williams said the rise in bond yields may be a “delayed reaction” to good economic news that he's been seeing for several months now, and said they see overall financial conditions as still accommodative.
Economic data has strengthened over the last month or two, with a report earlier Friday showing hourly wages rose in January at their fastest pace in more than eight years, and the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow model spitting out a searing estimate Thursday of 5.4 percent growth for the current quarter. Unemployment is at 4.1 percent, lower than most economists think is sustainable in the long run.
Many Fed officials, including Williams, see inflation picking up this year after several years when it lingered below the Fed's 2-percent target. On Friday Williams said wage growth has been “ratcheting up” and is likely to intensify, helping lift inflation along with it.
Still, Williams, in remarks to the Financial Women of San Francisco, said they were pleased by what they termed “healthy growth,” but is neither surprised nor concerned.
“I have boosted my growth forecasts for this year, but I don't see an economy that's fundamentally shifted gear,” they said. “Given that the economy's performing almost exactly as expected, you can expect policymakers to do the same.”
Markets are currently pricing in the same three rate hikes this year that the Fed has forecast.
In a separate event in Austin, Texas, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan said that recent strong economic data makes them more confident the Fed should raise rates three times this year.
Williams said they expect the recent tax overhaul to boost economic growth and business investment in the short-term and potentially productivity growth over the longer-term, but said there is little data to go by to estimate the magnitude of those effects.
“I‘m in the wait-and-see mode on this,” they said.
Congressional GOP Divided Over Immigration, Some Willing To Work With Democrats Vulnerable House Republican are forcing their leaders to schedule votes on immigration to try to stave off a blue wave in November. But their support for a moderate approach that includes a path to citizenship puts them at odds with President Trump's midterm strategy.
SULTAN postpones Extraordinary General meeting (KSE) Date: 03 Jul 2018 Sultan Center Food Products Co. announced that Extraordinary General meeting was not held due to insufficient quorum and has been postponed to July 18, 2018.
(Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday ordered a Russian-owned corporation to pay a $5.9 million settlement it reached last year with U.S. prosecutors over allegations that it laundered proceeds of a $230 million tax fraud.
The company, Prevezon Holdings Ltd, had previously refused to pay the settlement to the U.S. government. Prevezon, which is owned by Russian business person Denis Katsyv, argued that the deal did not require it to pay until authorities in the Netherlands released certain assets they had frozen there.
“Adopting Prevezon's view could result in bizarre consequences, namely delaying Prevezon's payment in perpetuity based on some unspecified release that has yet to occur,” U.S. District Judge William Pauley wrote in Friday's decision ordering Prevezon to pay.
Kevin Reed, a lawyer for Prevezon, declined to comment.
The case, which New York federal prosecutors brought in 2013, has attracted attention in part because Prevezon's legal team includes Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
U.S. authorities had sought to seize more than $20 million in Manhattan real estate and bank accounts from Prevezon and related companies. Prosecutors claimed the companies were used to launder money stolen by corrupt Russian tax officials.
Prevezon did not admit wrongdoing in the settlement, which was announced in May 2017 just as the case was about to go to trial.
U.S. authorities said tax fraud and money laundering by Prevezon were first uncovered by Sergei Magnitsky, Russian accountant for investment firm Hermitage Capital.
After going public with the accusations, Magnitsky was arrested on tax evasion charges and died in prison a year later, prosecutors said.
The Kremlin's human rights council found that Magnitsky likely died from a beating delivered by guards and medical neglect. Russian authorities have said Magnitsky death was caused by heart failure, not foul play.
In 2012, at the urging of Magnitsky's former employer, Hermitage Capital CEO William Browder, Washington passed a law freezing any U.S. assets of Russian investigators and prosecutors said to have been involved in the accountant's detention. In retaliation, Moscow barred Americans from adopting Russian children.
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Friday the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia may be connected to three deaths in the country, according to a government-ordered inquiry, and that the drug is not ready for mass immunisation.
Sanofi revealed in November that Dengvaxia - the world's first dengue vaccine - might increase the risk of severe disease in people who had never been exposed to the virus. The news prompted an uproar in the Philippines, where more than 800,000 school-age children had been vaccinated in 2016.
“We sympathise with all the families who have suffered the loss of a child. Sanofi Pasteur's mission is to reduce or eliminate suffering for millions around the world through vaccination, including in the Philippines,” a spokesperson for the French drugmaker said in an emailed statement.
The Philippine Health Ministry halted Dengvaxia immunisations in November. It formed a 10-member panel of experts to determine if the drug was directly connected to the deaths of 14 children after they were given the vaccine.
It found it may have been connected to the deaths of three.
“Three cases were found to have causal association. They died of dengue even (though) they were given Dengvaxia. Two of them may have died because of vaccine failure,” Health Undersecretary Enrique Domingo told a news conference.
“These findings strengthen the decision of the Department of Health to stop the vaccine. It has failed in some children. Dengvaxia is not ready for mass vaccinations and we would need three to five more years to watch and monitor if there would be other adverse reactions from the vaccine.”
Mosquito-borne dengue is the world's fastest-growing infectious disease, afflicting up to 100 million people worldwide, causing half a million life-threatening infections and killing about 20,000 people, mostly children, each year.
Domingo said the panel's findings would be shared with the justice department, which is considering cases against those responsible for the mass immunisation programme.
Paediatrician and panel member Juliet Sio-Aguilar, from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital (UP-PGH), said the team was recommending further studies as it was difficult to directly connect the three deaths to Dengvaxia.
No vaccine has a 100 percent success rate, they said. The dengue death rate in the Philippines was 60 times higher than global rate, Sio-Aguilar said.
Sanofi said on Saturday the UP-PGH's findings confirmed there is currently no evidence directly linking the Dengvaxia vaccine to any of the 14 deaths.
“In Dengvaxia clinical trials conducted over more than a decade and the over one million doses of the vaccine administered, no deaths related to the vaccine have been reported to us,” the company said in a statement.
The Philippines spent 3.5 billion pesos ($68 million) on the Dengvaxia programme to reduce the 200,000 dengue cases reported every year.
Sanofi said clinical evidence confirms dengue vaccination in the Philippines will provide a net reduction in dengue disease, including severe dengue.
The Philippines has already fined Sanofi a symbolic $2,000, citing violations in product registration and marketing.
($1 = 51.6 pesos)
MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - A player moaning about their 65,000 pounds a week salary; another handing in a transfer request 24 hours before the first game and suspicious injuries to players known to want to leave for bigger money elsewhere.
The final week of build-up to the new Premier League season encapsulated the worst of the world's most popular weekly football product -- greed, disloyalty and A tone-deaf insensitivity to the fans whose money keeps the whole circus running.
It can be tawdry at times and accompanied by the non-stop cacophony of 24/7 television and radio coverage, the close season can test the loyalty of even the most fanatical.
But it took just 90 minutes of actual football to show just why it is the most watched league around the globe.
Arsenal's 4-3 win over Leicester couldn't have been better scripted as an opening night showcase - the Gunners' new French striker Alexandre Lacazette scored just 94 seconds into their debut.
Leicester, whose title win two seasons ago was the league's ultimate fairytale, then fought back to go 2-1 up, only for Arsenal to grab victory with two goals in the last seven minutes.
Yes, the experts could point out some of the poor defending and tut-tut at Arsenal conceding three goals at home but for most fans it was just simply great entertainment.
It was a similar story in Saturday's early game where Liverpool, reeling from Brazilian star Philippe Coutinho's transfer request on Friday after two rejected bids from Barcelona, showed their problems are at the other end of the field, with defensive lapses behind their 3-3 draw at Watford.
But again, while Liverpool fans may have been frustrated at such a start, the rest of us were hardly complaining at 13 goals in the opening two games.
The first half of Everton against Stoke showed that the Premier League can be scrappy and physical, and it was goalless until just before the break when Wayne Rooney's beautiful header put the home side ahead.
It highlighted another key element in the Premier League success story - the personalities and narratives that turn even a mundane game into a talking point.
Rooney's goal came on their emotional return to their boyhood club after 13 years at Manchester United and after they were written off as a spent force by so many pundits.
While Rooney was basking in adulation, with the old chant of their name being heard from the Gwladys Street end for the first time in over a decade, the defending champions were in the midst of providing the first major upset of the season.
Opponents Burnley had been forced to sell their striker Andre Gray to Watford on Wednesday while Chelsea were content to leave their £70 million striker Alvaro Morata on the bench.
But after Chelsea skipper Gary Cahill was sent off in the 14th minute Burnley took a 3-0 lead into the break, and while they had to hang on to secure a 3-2 win, in the end a team that had managed just one away win all last season triumphed against a club with vastly superior resources.
Such results happen in other leagues too from time to time. However there is no doubt that the smaller clubs in the Premier League consistently provide a much tougher test to the elite clubs than in Europe's other top leagues.
The expressions on the faces of Chelsea's expensive stars as the Clarets pulled them apart in the first half said it all.
On Sunday at Old Trafford, another debutant striker became an instant hero to their new fans as Romelu Lukaku scored twice in Manchester United's 4-0 crushing of West Ham.
Love or loathe United, there is no doubt that the Premier League benefits from having the 20-times champions as real contenders, something they haven't been since Alex Ferguson retired in 2013. The many foreign fans present on Sunday, proudly purchasing their replica shirts, are testament to the club's global appeal and their commercial power.
With the transfer window still open until the end of August - though many would prefer it to close before the season - the headlines for the next two weeks will continue to be dominated by transfers and wages that appear headed towards hyper-inflation.
Tottenham defender Danny Rose's ill-advised complaints at earning more than twice in one week than the national average annual salary do not help the image of the game among the general public in Britain.
But as crass as it can be at times, the Premier League showed this weekend why so much of the world is addicted to it.
Unpredictable, with personalities, heroes and villains in abundance, drawing talent from around the world and yet still, somehow, maintaining just enough local tradition to fuel rivalries and generate passion, it is the world's greatest soap opera.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Gareth Jones)
LANDOVER, Md. — Under ordinary circumstances, Odell Beckham Jr. is the one who makes that 44-yard catch to set up the winning field goal in the fourth quarter. Instead, Beckham was on the sideline cheering on seldom-used receiver Tavarres King as they caught Eli Manning's pass down the left sideline. It got the Giants in position for Robbie Gould's 40-yard field goal with 2:12 left in the fourth quarter that gave the Giants a three-point lead on the way to a 19-10 win over Washington on Sunday.
Rather than take any unnecessary risks with their prized receiver, Ben McAdoo used what they called a “coach's decision” to take Beckham out in the second half and look ahead to next week's playoff game.
Beckham renewed their rivalry with cornerback Josh Norman, but this time it was the Washington cornerback who came away looking small in trying to bait Beckham — all to no avail.
“That's been dead for a long time,” Beckham said of their competition with the outspoken cornerback, which blew up in last year's Giants-Panthers game when Beckham launched themselves helmet-first at Norman's helmet and was suspended for a game. “I'm really focused on us and going to the playoffs right now. It doesn't really bother me.
“I personally feel like I put that [rivalry with Norman] to bed, but if I sneeze wrong, it might be a problem. Today I just came out and focused on football. I'm really trying to learn, especially going into the playoffs. I don't care about any foolishness or any stuff that goes on outside the lines.”
Norman drew a penalty on the Giants' second-quarter touchdown drive for hitting Beckham out of bounds and then incurred an unsportsmanlike-conduct penalty after the two collided in the third quarter.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“He's grown up,” fellow receiver Victor Cruz said of Beckham. “He's finally taking my advice. He's finally putting it to use out there. But no, it was good to see them just grow up and be the kid we all know they are, the bright, smiley young kid that they are, and they know [Norman] is a guy who is going to try to get under their skin and do things to him, and they rose above that.”
Cruz said it was “extremely important” for Beckham to show restraint. “Obviously, we need them to be him, and that's all we need,'' they said. “We don't need anything after the whistle or anything after the play. We just need them calm and going out there playing football.
“I think they understand the moment,'' Cruz added. “I think they understand what this means not just for them but this organization and this specific team this year, and I think he's excited about it.”
Beckham consistently has said their main goal is to win a Super Bowl, and he's now in position to accomplish that for the first time in their three-year career.
They also achieved a noteworthy statistical milestone. With five catches for 44 yards, they finished with 101 catches, joining Steve Smith (107) as the only Giants receivers in franchise history to top 100 receptions in a season.
Giants videos
Now for the fun part.
“I'm excited about the opportunity to play in the playoffs, period,” Beckham said. “It's something you dreamed of when you were young. I've watched this game for a very long time, and to have my own opportunity in there, it's something special. I definitely wouldn't want to be with any other team than this and go make a run. We'll see what happens.”
U.S. Economy Added 200,000 Jobs In January; Wages Rose
The U.S. added 200,000 jobs in January, continuing the trend of steady job growth for another month, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported on Friday.
That means the economy has now added jobs for 88 months in a row. And, significantly, wages are on the rise, too.
Loading...
Average hourly earnings rose by 9 cents to $26.74, with a year-over-year growth of 2.9 percent — the highest rate of growth the BLS recorded since June 2009.
The unemployment rate held steady at 4.1 percent.
Loading...
Analysts had predicted healthy job growth and essentially unchanged unemployment.
Wages, meanwhile, had been largely stagnant for years, not rising to keep pace with the growing economy.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images
"The faster pace of wage gains indicates that the labor market is tightening, with employers having to pay higher wages to get the workers they want," Nationwide Chief Economist David Berson says.
The rise in employment was driven by the construction industry, restaurants, health care and manufacturing, all sectors that added jobs last month.
Employment in other major industries, including mining and transportation, "changed little over the month," the BLS says.
Slightly offsetting last month's jobs growth, however, was an adjustment to the jobs reports from November and December. November's robust growth was revised down, from 252,000 to 216,000, while December's slower-than-expected growth was adjusted up, from 148,000 to 160,000.
The revisions amount to a reduction of 24,000 jobs reported over the two months.
CIA, FBI Agents Respond To Nunes' Memo from ZeroHedge
We already noted the opposing perspectives of those in the media with regard the Nunes' memo as being on the one hand “a nothing-burger” and on the other “we have never ever in history seen anything like this.”
And we have heard from current (“talk is cheap… keep calm and tackle hard”) and former (“dishonest and misleading”) heads of The FBI.
But now we get to hear from the rank-and-file of America's intelligence agencies and, once again, the perspectives could not be further apart…
First, as The Hill reports, a former FBI agent says in a new op-ed that they have left the nation's top law enforcement agency due to the “relentless” attacks on the bureau from critics such as President Trump and congressional Republicans.
In an op-ed for The New York Times, former supervisory special agent Josh Campbell wrote that “political attacks on the bureau must stop.”
“After more than a decade of service, which included investigating terrorism, working to rescue kidnapping victims overseas and being special assistant to the director, I am reluctantly turning in my badge and leaving an organization I love.” Campbell wrote. “Why? So I can join the growing chorus of people who believe that the relentless attacks on the bureau undermine not just America's premier law enforcement agency but also the nation's security,” they continued. “My resignation is painful, but the alternative of remaining quiet while the bureau is tarnished for political gain is impossible.”
Campbell also defended the agency's involvement in the events described in the memo, which alleges the FBI and Department of Justice abused their surveillance powers.
“[E]very statement of fact included in an affidavit for foreign intelligence collection must withstand the scrutiny of at least 10 people in the Department of Justice hierarchy before it is reviewed by an independent court,” they wrote.
Campbell goes on to argue it would be “disingenuous” for Republicans to argue that the FBI is “plotting from within” against Trump or in favor of their 2016 opponent, Hillary Clinton, despite text messages between FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page seeming to confirm Strzok's political bias against Trump.
Sharing is caring!
Naver`s chatbot for Domino`s Pizza (Naver)
South Korean internet technology giants Naver and Kakao have begun to incorporate artificial intelligence “chatbots” into their platforms, seeking to become key stakeholders in the fast-growing online commerce sector.Chatbots are AI-powered computer programs that can mimic human conversations and react to spoken or written prompts to deliver services.Global IT firms like Facebook and Google have already introduced chatbots for businesses on its mobile messengers which can handle tasks such as restaurant reservations, online purchase as well as various forms of customer support.Following the trend, Naver, the operator of Korea's biggest portal website, and Kakao, which runs the country's dominant mobile messenger KakaoTalk, are adopting chatbots to their services to let users make online transactions via their platforms.This week, Naver released a new chatbot ordering service in partnership with Domino's Pizza. Users who search for “Domino's Pizza” on Naver can simply click the “Order via chatbot” button to place orders with the pizza franchise.“Users no longer have to figure out the location or phone number of a nearby Domino's outlet. They can easily place an order by clicking the “order via chatbot” button,” Naver said.This new function was developed as part of Naver's chatbot service platform TalkTalk, which also offers a “shopping chatbot” service that give automated responses to customer inquiries made via online shopping websites hosted by Naver.Some 12.4 percent of the customers who were assisted by a shopping chatbot to attain more information about a given product ended up purchasing the item, according to Naver.Naver is reportedly in the process of testing out new chatbots in partnership with local consumer retailers such as SPC Group, GS Shop, Woowa Brothers which operates local delivery app Baedal Minjok and motel booking platform Yanolja.Naver-owned Line, the dominant mobile messenger in several Asian markets, is also seeking a future in chatbots. The firm recently opened up a new messaging API to developers and announced plans to financially compensate those who could develop new chatbots that would add value to its present user experience.Meanwhile, Kakao is also eyeing AI-powered chatbots as a key part of its future strategy. The company recently set up a new subsidiary dedicated to AI tech development, with chatbot development as a key priority for the mobile messenger platform.The firm is scheduled to introduce AI chatbot into its “Plus Friends” service -- corporate accounts on KakaoTalk that send out promotional messages to users who add them -- to handle product inquiries, purchases as well as payments via the messenger.By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Amazon has silently updated its Alexa assistant this week to add Outlook.com calendar support, The Verge reports.
While the digital assistant has supported Google calendars since its launch, Outlook.com support had been missing until this week. You can use Alexa to add or review upcoming events in a calendar using commands like “what's on my calendar?” or “add an event to my calendar.”
You won't need to update any Alexa-powered devices as Amazon has added the Outlook.com support in the background. You can add Outlook.com calendars from the Alexa app for iOS or Android, or on the web under settings > calendar.
The annual Bridge School Benefit, a concert launched by Neil Young and Pegi Young 30 years ago, will not be held in 2017, the former couple announced.
Writing on the Bridge School's official site, Pegi Young expressed gratitude towards the organizers and attendees of the event, traditionally held in the fall at Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, Calif. “They have been truly memorable events and we have great appreciation for everyone who has been involved beginning, of course, with Neil Young and including all the many artists who have been so generous with their time and talent; the production people who have made it all possible; Elliot Roberts and the team at Lookout Management as well as Marsha Vlasic, who have been so instrumental in booking the shows all these years.”
Past performers include Bruce Springsteen, Pearl Jam, Metallica, Dave Matthews Band, Arcade Fire, Norah Jones, Dixie Chicks, and Beck, among many others.
Said Neil Young: “Thanks to Pegi Young for coming up with the idea and pursuing it with such great dedication, working for the kids like our child Ben, young children with disabilities who needed more than our education system offered.”
Proceeds from the concerts, which began in 1986, benefited the special needs school in assisting students with physical and mental impairments. It's unclear whether the concert series, which saw several compilations released over the years, is over for good or just taking a year off. Neil Young says they will continue their fundraising efforts even if the show won't go on.
Read the Youngs' letters to Friends of Bridge School below:
After thirty years of hosting the Bridge School Concerts, I would like to say thanks to everyone involved. Of course, I love the students most of all because the light in their eyes tells me we have been doing the right thing for the last thirty years. We have earned millions of dollars and the school is stable financially, able to go forward although we still need an endowment and would welcome one.
Thanks to Pegi Young for coming up with the idea and pursuing it with such great dedication, working for the kids like our child Ben, young children with disabilities who needed more than our education system offered. Our heartfelt thanks and appreciation go to the artists who have been so generous with their time and great performances. Certainly, my love and appreciation go to Executive Director Vicki Casella, who has given 100% to skillfully support and guide the school over the years. Thank you to our wonderful staff, made up of the finest educators I have ever known. I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for their dedicated efforts on behalf of our students and Bridge School mission.
My long-time friends, manager Elliot Roberts and agent Marsha Vlasic have been putting these concerts together and gathering the incredible artist line ups year after year. Thanks to you both and to Frank Gironda for all the work you've put into the event. I would also like to thank Tim Foster and the crews they have ably led while handling production of the concerts and making everything so easy for us. Great job Tim.
The Bridge School Concerts would never have been possible without Bill Graham and BGP, as well as Another Planet Productions. Thanks to Jerry Pompili and all the people who worked for these production organizations and made our wonderful concerts so easy for everyone.
To the Bridge School Community, the folks who attend the concerts year after year bringing their wonderful enthusiasm and love, I say thanks and lots of love to every one of you. You are the soul that kept everything happening for all these years. I know the concerts have become part of the Bay Area Landscape and we were all there together. I appreciate being part of it.
Although I will continue in fund raising efforts, for personal reasons beginning this year I will no longer be hosting The Bridge School Concert. I wish everyone the best as the school heads into the future. My heart is with each and every child we have had the honor to serve and those we will continue to serve, and your parents, siblings, and extended families. Thanks to you all for the honor of serving such a great mission. Thanks to my incredible son Ben Young for being there at my side throughout these many Bridge School years. I love you buddy. The Bridge School would not have been possible without you.
Neil Young
* * *
Dear Friends of Bridge School:
The Bridge School Benefit Concert, traditionally held at Shoreline Amphitheatre, will not be held in 2017. We want to express our sincere and profound thanks to all of you for your love and support, demonstrated by way of your attendance at 30 years of Bridge School Benefit Concerts. They have been truly memorable events and we have great appreciation for everyone who has been involved beginning, of course, with Neil Young and including all the many artists who have been so generous with their time and talent; the production people who have made it all possible; Elliot Roberts and the team at Lookout Management as well as Marsha Vlasic, who have been so instrumental in booking the shows all these years; the Bridge School staff and families and last, but certainly not least, the audience to whom the show has brought such enjoyment over these many years.
Because our mission is of such great importance to so many, we proceed onward with optimism into the future. Stay tuned for updates as we begin to shape what the next steps will be in reaching our endowment goals.
On behalf of the Bridge School family, I wish to thank you again from the bottom of my heart for your love and support as we work to bring opportunities and “participation through communication” to our student population here at home and around the world.
With peace, love, and sincere gratitude.
Pegi Young
Co-Founder and President of the Board of Directors, Bridge School
Hollywood talent agents have hit back at the Writers Guild of America over the scribes' proposals to impose new restrictions on how the agencies operate.
“It's hard to understand the WGA's contention that it should be able to dictate what kinds of work talent agencies should be allowed to do and which agencies its members should be allowed to hire,” said Karen Stuart, executive director of the Association of Talent Agents, in a statement issued Tuesday.
No negotiations have been set, and it's unclear as to what kind of oversight the WGA would have if the WGA's agency franchise agreement expires a year from from now. It's also unclear what kind of common ground can be found with the two sides appearing to be in opposition on every front.
The WGA issued proposals earlier this month aimed at stopping potential conflicts of interest. The key proposal says, “No agency shall accept any money or thing of value from the employer of a client” — which would effectively end all packaging deals, in which agencies receive both upfront and back-end fees.
The WGA notified Hollywood agents on April 6 that it wants to renegotiate its 42-year-old franchise agreement after the WGA West board and WGA East council voted unanimously to reopen the guilds' agency agreement. The WGA West held three meetings in March, during which their leaders accused Hollywood's top talent agencies of being engaged in conflicts of interest in how they represent writers.
Related Writers Guild Seeks to Renegotiate Agreement With Agents Writers Guild Accuses Talent Agencies of Conflicts of Interest
The WGA material distributed to attendees at the meetings asserted that agencies with a financial interest in shows may have less incentive to get the best deals for writers. The issue has gained prominence in recent months due to Hollywood's two largest agencies — WME and CAA — aggressively moving into production. As Variety noted in a Feb. 13 cover story, the issue has the potential for conflicts of interest that arise when the same company represents the creative talent on one side of the table and is the employer on the other.
The WGA also told members on April 6 that it has sent the Association of Talent Agents a 12-month notice to terminate the existing deal, known as the Artists' Manager Basic Agreement. The terms and conditions of the current agreement will remain in effect through April 6, 2019, but will expire if a new agreement is not reached.
Major talent agencies have expressed dismay in private conversations over the fact that the WGA leadership has not approached them over these concerns — opting instead to issue a blanket condemnation of how the agents are operating in a new environment with explosive growth opportunities. Stuart echoed those concerns in their statement.
“Two weeks ago, the WGA announced its intention to re-negotiate the 42-year-old agreement that governs how agents interact with their writer clients,” they said. “Given how well this agreement has worked over the years – and the fact that never in all that time has the WGA formally contacted the ATA to object to any of its provisions – we found the announcement as puzzling as it was surprising.
“Attempting to take away from agents opportunities and the right to commission traditional services will not benefit the writers; rather, it will have the opposite effect,” Stuart added. “The fact is that many of the practices that the WGA presents as problematic create exactly the opportunities its members have been demanding from their agents: access to other agency clients to help advance their projects, innovative deal strategies, aggressive negotiating tactics, and an expanded array of services for the writers and the talent community more generally.
They concluded: “Given all this, it's hard to understand the WGA's contention that it should be able to dictate what kinds of work talent agencies should be allowed to do and which agencies its members should be allowed to hire. Nevertheless, the ATA and its members are committed to bargaining in good faith, with the objective of ensuring that the interests of writers are served.”
SHEFFIELD WEDNESDAY'S head coach Carlos Carvalhal believes their team's victory at QPR showed they have the mental strength to clinch a play-off place.
Leeds United's home defeat against Wolves meant Wednesday's fourth win in a row moved the Owls up to fifth in the Championship with three matches left to play.
Last season's beaten play-off finalists were made to battle at Loftus Road, where Daniel Pudil headed them back in front after Idrissa Sylla's goal had cancelled out Adam Reach's early opener.
“We are very strong mentally – the mentality of this team is very strong,” Carvalhal declared.
“When you play twice in three days, physical teams can cause you problems and it's not easy to play twice in such a short time.
“But we are very strong and the confidence is high. We have four wins in a row and the mentality is really strong, which is why we achieved the three points.
We are ready for this part of the season. It will be three finals and our focus is on this. Sheffield Wednesday boss, Carlos Carvalhal
“We knew before this game that it was one of the more difficult ones for us. I thought we were fantastic.
“We have been stronger since the international break and we are showing that we are strong. I am very happy with our players.
“We are ready for this part of the season. It will be three finals and our focus is on this.
“This is a marathon and let's see where our position will be in the marathon.”
Rangers, meanwhile, have lost five matches in a row and sit just six points above the relegation zone with three games left.
QPR manager Ian Holloway said: “If we can get three in the next game at Brentford then everybody can just breathe and we can start again.”
Wednesday dominated most of the first half and went ahead in the 12th minute.
Pudil's left-wing cross ricocheted into the path of Reach, who blasted in from near the edge of the six-yard box.
Sylla equalised from a similar position nine minutes later.
After Jamie Mackie exchanged passes with Ryan Manning and went down in the box, the loose ball rolled to Sylla, who fired past goalkeeper Keiren Westwood at the near post.
But the Owls hit back just after the half-hour mark, when Pudil followed up to head home after goalkeeper Alex Smithies had managed to keep out Jordan Rhodes's header from Ross Wallace's right-wing free-kick.
Wallace might have made it 3-1 had Jack Robinson not thwarted them with a last-ditch challenge.
QPR: Smithies, Perch, Lynch, Bidwell, Petrasso (LuaLua 46), Freeman, Luongo, Manning (Smith 75), Robinson (Washington 62), Mackie, Sylla. Unused substitutes: Goss, Ingram, Wszolek, Ngbakoto.
Sheffield Wednesday: Westwood, Palmer, Lees, Loovens, Pudil, Wallace (Semedo 67), Jones, Bannan, Reach, Rhodes (Nuhiu 76), Hooper (Forestieri 67). Unused substitutes: Wildsmith, Fletcher, McManaman, Sasso.
Referee: Andy Davies (Hampshire).
Palestinians hold rallies as hundreds of prisoners in Israeli jails begin a hunger strike. ( Reuters )
RAMALLAH, PALESTINIAN TERRITORY—Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli prisons launched a hunger strike Monday, in what their leader behind bars called a new step in the Palestinians' “long walk to freedom.” Activists said more than 1,500 of about 6,500 Palestinians held by Israel as so-called security prisoners joined the open-ended protest and that it was the largest such strike in five years. The hunger strikers' immediate demands included better conditions, including more contact with relatives, and an end to Israel's practice of detentions without trial. In the West Bank and Gaza, thousands staged solidarity marches Monday to mark Prisoners' Day in the Palestinian areas. The hunger strike was led by Marwan Barghouti, a prominent figure in Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah movement. Over the years, polls have indicated that Barghouti is the most popular choice among Palestinians to succeed the 82-year-old Abbas who has failed to groom a political heir. Barghouti was arrested in 2002 during the violent Palestinian uprising and convicted on multiple counts of murder. Israel charged them with directing suicide bombings against its citizens and they were sentenced to five life terms.
Article Continued Below
Barghouti is one of the best-known among thousands of Palestinians jailed for charges ranging from stone-throwing and membership in groups outlawed by Israel, to attacks that wounded or killed Israelis.
Palestinian protesters wave their national flag during a demonstration in the West Bank town of Bethlehem to show their support for Palestinians imprisoned in Israeli jails after hundreds of detainees launched a hunger strike Monday. ( AHMAD GHARABLI / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
In an op-ed published in The New York Times, Barghouti wrote that Israeli prisons have become the “cradle of a lasting movement for Palestinian self-determination.” “This new hunger strike will demonstrate once more that the prisoners' movement is the compass that guides our struggle, the struggle for Freedom and Dignity, the name we have chosen for this new step in our long walk to freedom,” they wrote.
In what appeared to be a punitive measure, Israel's prison service said Barghouti had been transferred to a different prison. Israel media reported that Barghouti had violated the conditions of their incarceration by communicating with the newspaper and that they had likely smuggled the text out through their lawyer. Prison Service spokesperson Assaf Librati refused to elaborate on Barghouti's role. “The strike is a decision of the prisoners. We are containing the situation and monitoring its developments,” they said. The hunger strike was launched as the approaching half-century mark of Israeli rule over Palestinians appeared to generate renewed interest in the long-running conflict, which in recent years was often overshadowed by war and turmoil elsewhere in the region. Israel captured the West Bank, Gaza Strip and east Jerusalem in the June 1967 Mideast war. Abbas and their supporters seek a Palestinian state, roughly in the pre-1967 lines. The Islamic militant group Hamas, which seized Gaza from Abbas in 2007, has called for an Islamic state in historic Palestine, including in what is now Israel. Hamas recently suggested it would support a smaller Palestine state, without specifying if this would be a stepping stone to Israel's destruction. In Gaza City, about 2,000 people turned out for a march, raising flags of different Palestinian factions. Militants from Hamas surrounded cages on truck flatbeds depicting cells. One cage held two Palestinians in Israeli prison uniform. The other cage bore the pictures of two Israeli soldiers killed in the 2014 war between Israel and Hamas, and the pictures of two Israeli civilians who disappeared after entering Gaza. Hamas is believed to hold the two civilians and the remains of the soldiers. “Your soldiers will not see the light unless the price is paid,” read a banner on the truck. Ismail Radwan, a Hamas official who participated in the march, reiterated Hamas' demand for a prisoner swap with Israel. In 2011, Israel swapped more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners for an Israeli soldier who had been held by Hamas for five years. In the West Bank town of Ramallah, Barghouti's wife, Fadwa, joined about 1,500 marchers. “This massive strike sends a strong message to the Israelis, after 50 years of occupation, suppression and oppression, that the prisoners ... will lead their people from behind bars,” they said. Qadoura Fares, who runs the Prisoners' Club advocacy group, said over 1,500 prisoners joined the strike and that more were expected to follow. In 2012, hundreds participated in a large-scale strike that lasted 28 days, said Fares. In 2014, dozens of detainees who were being held without trial or charges staged a two-month-long hunger strike to demand their release.
Read more about:
It's difficult to beat Alabama head-to-head on the recruiting trail. It's even rarer when an Ivy league school does it.
But that's exactly what happened as Princeton was able to fend off the national champion Crimson Tide for ESPN 300 quarterback Brevin White.
Editor's Picks True freshmen continue to make big impact, even on top teams Championship game participants Alabama and Georgia had room for true first-year student starters, and more first-year players will have an impact in 2018.
The instant-impact true first-year student for each top-25 team Could quarterback J.T. Daniels go from high school junior to USC's starting lineup as Sam Darnold's successor? Daniels is among the first-year players who could make plays from the minute they step on the field. 1 Related
The No. 228 ranked prospect out of Lancaster, California confirmed to ESPN that they have decided to stick with their original commitment and attend Princeton.
"The main reason I decided to stick was because Princeton offers me opportunities to fulfill my aspirations on and off the field," White told ESPN. "Alabama is a first-class institution and a program with a great education, but Princeton checks more boxes personally for me. Princeton is the best fit for who I am."
White originally committed to Princeton in July, shocking many at the time as they were forgoing scholarship offers from Arizona State, Memphis, Utah, Washington and Washington State among others. At the time, White felt as though Princeton was an opportunity that they couldn't pass up and decided that the academics pushed Princeton ahead of the rest of the programs recruiting him.
Alabama only recently got in the picture, offering White a scholarship on Jan. 25. The Crimson Tide coaches were able to get White on campus for an official visit that same weekend, but White decided they fit better with their original choice.
The Tide are still looking for a quarterback in this class and are in the running for ESPN 300 quarterback James Foster, who is considering Alabama along with LSU, Texas A&M and Florida State. Alabama might be behind the other three schools in that race as well, but do have three-star Brock Purdy, from Gilbert, Arizona, on the board as well.
If Alabama doesn't land a quarterback in this class, it wouldn't be a devastating hit to the depth chart as the staff landed ESPN 300 quarterback Tua Tagovailoa and four-star Mac Jones in the 2017 class after landing Jalen Hurts in the 2016 class.
It's tradition for the president to honor members of the United States military on Independence Day. But Trump's Fourth of July message about sharing "the heart of our nation" raises questions about whether Trump will acknowledge undocumented military families. Some people join the military with the hopes of one day becoming a U.S. citizen, while other service members have spouses or other family members currently facing deportation.
"Let us share the grateful heart of our nation with every veteran and member of the United States Armed Forces — truly special people," Trump said in their video address. "We are in awe of their courage and we are eternally in their debt. Together we honor their noble sacrifice by pledging our love and loyalty to our country, our flag, and our fellow citizens."
The Trump administration's immigration policy has made it much harder for those migrating to the U.S. to gain legal status, however. The non-profit immigration advocacy group American Families United estimated in April that 11,800 current service members have a family member who is facing deportation. There isn't more recent data, but White House efforts to decrease the number of people immigrating to the U.S. has only ramped up in the past few months.
Loretto Dalmazzo Sullivan, the wife of a Navy Officer, told The Military Times in March that they were scared they would be deported back to Ecuador. Although the couple is married, Sullivan was initially denied U.S. citizenship because they reportedly previously lied about their immigration status on a job application.
“It's this constant fear that someone is going to show up at your door and take you away,” Sullivan told The Military Times.
She's been protected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program since 2014 because they came to the U.S. with their parents when they were still a minor, but the future of DACA has been up in the air since Trump said they wanted to end it in September. Despite the fact that three federal judges have ruled against Trump's decision to rescind DACA, Congress has yet to pass legislation ensuring people like Sullivan can stay in the country.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said in February that active service members protected by DACA won't be deported unless they have committed a "serious" felony or a federal judge has signed deportation orders.
"We would always stand by one of our people, and I have never found the Department of Homeland Security unwilling to take any call from anyone on my staff if we in fact found someone who had been treated unjustly," Mattis told reporters at the time. They did not guarantee the same for the family members of those serving in the military.
Military families spoke out about the deportation of veterans and their families outside the Capitol earlier this year. Estela Juarez, the 8-year-old daughter of a decorated former Marine sergeant, begged Trump to stop the scheduled deportation of their mother.
"I ask President Trump to please let my mom stay because they are a great mom and I don't understand why we have to leave her," Estela said, according to NBC News. "She has been there every day of my life and I can't imagine leaving them Please, President Trump, I ask that you let them stay."
The mother's attorney, Stacey Bradbury, told NBC News that Estela's mom deserved the stay in the country because they looked after a Marine sergeant's home and family while they served overseas. "When they married their husband, they were a military person and they maintained a home while they did their tour. Someone has to recognize this is what spouses do," Bradbury said.
Trump's message about sharing the "grateful heart of our nation" with every veteran and service member didn't acknowledge those with undocumented family members. As the president cracks down on illegal immigration, thousands of military families face fears of being split up.
LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea endured a shocking start to the defence of their Premier League title on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with their new captain Gary Cahill sent off after only 14 minutes and Cesc Fabregas following late on.
The champions looked down and out in the first half, going into the break 3-0 adrift but rallied in the second despite finishing with only nine players.
Chelsea looked in good form at the start, in spite of the absence through injury of key players, until Cahill lunged clumsily at Steven Defour's shin after losing the ball high up the pitch and referee Craig Pawson was prompt with a red card.
Sam Vokes capitalised on the numerical advantage and Chelsea's poor defending, scoring either side of a goal from teammate Stephen Ward, to send Burnley into the halftime break a worthy if unexpected 3-0 up.
Antonio Conte's team talk clearly galvanised the champions, however, and they looked much livelier in the second half.
Newly-signed substitute Alvaro Morata got one back in the 69th minute, poking the ball in from a Willian cross and putting Burnley on the back foot.
After that it was almost all Chelsea. Morata had a goal disallowed for offside but then Fabregas was sent off, perhaps harshly, for a tackle on Jack Cork with eight minutes remaining.
Chelsea still swept forward and Defender David Luiz found the net in the 87th minute as a shell-shocked Burnley hung on.
Chelsea are expected to make new signings before the end of the transfer window with British media reporting that Conte is dissatisfied with the depth of their squad.
On Saturday they were missing Eden Hazard and Pedro through injury as well as suspended Victor Moses.
Striker Diego Costa is in dispute with the club and has been linked with a move to Atletico Madrid in January while key midfielder Nemanja Matic has joined Manchester United and several players have been sent out on loan.
New European financial regulations requiring fund managers at investment firms to pay banks for research and trading services separately could open the door for new entrants in the professional advisory services marketplace.
The rules, which were approved in 2014, but only took effect in January, are proving to be a boon for four MIT students who launched a company last year to try to grab some of the market.
DeepBench, founded by Devin Basinger, Yishi Zuo, Derek Hans and Nikhil Punwaney, is proposing some novel business model solutions to address what the MIT students see as flaws in the existing market — particularly around the use of expert networks in financial advisory services.
Expert networks are communities of experienced professionals in a given field. Fortune 500 companies, hedge funds, private equity firms and other entities rely on individuals from these groups for their insights and expertise. The biggest company in the expert network industry, Gerson Lerman Group (GLG), has nearly 50 percent market share and was on track to reach $400 million in revenue in 2016.
But GLG has had its share of troubles. The company played an integral role in providing the expert that passed confidential information to an SAC Capital trader, which was used as evidence in an insider trading case against the firm and its owner, Steven A. Cohen. The hedge fund ended up paying a record $1.8 billion in fines to the SEC (they did not admit wrongdoing in the case).
There is a significant opportunity to disrupt the expert networking space. As more experienced workers retire, some may want to continue putting their skills to use, albeit in a reduced capacity. Being a part of an expert network allows them to be available for clients who request their expertise in a flexible, convenient capacity. Facilitating this specialized knowledge sharing is a billion-dollar market for the taking.
Aside from established players like GLG and its European competitors, AlphaSights and Third Bridge, other startups like Clarity, Slingshot Insights, Catalant (formerly known as HourlyNerd) and Dūcō are also looking to transform the way expert networking is done. GLG is known to charge a group of four within a firm $100,000 for basic access to their network for a year. In comparison, these startups have different approaches and business models to improving the way clients access the expertise they need. Their efforts reflect two main segments within the expert network market: expert calls and project-based work.
DeepBench and Slingshot Industries are focusing their efforts on expert calls. DeepBench launched its current service in March 2017, which uses its “technology-driven, human-assisted” platform to connect individual clients with available experts for a 30 to 60-minute conversation at an agreed-upon rate. In addition, the startup does not require “learners” to sign long-term contracts or prepay, unlike other firms, allowing for greater client flexibility. Slingshot Industries matches groups of clients with similar interests to an expert to answer their questions. The group would crowdfund the cost for chatting with the expert.
Catalant and Dūcō have aimed for matching clients that need long-term projects completed with the relevant experienced contractor. These clients are looking for experts who are interested in extended-duration work. Catalant leverages its algorithms to quickly match prospective clients with the experts they are looking for based on the former's search criteria.
Their goal is to make this process seamless, so more experts and clients will feel enabled to collaborate outside of a conventional consulting framework or contracting arrangement. Dūcō appears to take a more conventional approach to connecting clients and experts. The D.C.-based startup vets its pool of experts before offering them up to potential clients. Like Catalant, Dūcō uses matching algorithms to match clients with project work needs to experts ready to assist them.
As investors seek information to keep their competitive edge, and firms need outside help in solving internal problems, on-demand access to expert networks will become necessary. DeepBench currently has more than 1,000 registered experts for their closed beta platform. Currently, more than 20 clients are using the service. Most are top consulting companies, investors and product designers.
“We are focused on finding quality high-fit advisors right now instead of increasing the volume we can have available for clients,” Basinger said.
With a shift in E.U. financial regulations, expert networks are using their momentum in the Asian and U.S. markets to establish themselves in Europe. This specialized knowledge sharing can be shaped by startups like DeepBench as competition between firms continues to intensify.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Civilians can no longer flee fighting and bombing raids in Syria because borders are so tightly controlled and neighbouring countries are overwhelmed by refugees, creating some of the worst suffering in modern times, a top U.N. agency chief said.
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi adresses the media with German Chancellor Angela Merkel (not pictured) following their talks in Berlin, Germany, April 23, 2018. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi was warning of a new disaster if the rebel-controlled Syrian city of Idlib was the next target of the Syrian military.
“The country is becoming a trap, in some places a death trap for civilians,” Grandi told Reuters during a donor conference for Syria.
“There is an entire population out there that cannot bear its refugees anymore, that is suffering from one of the worse ordeals in modern history.”
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a British-based war monitor, said last month about 511,000 people had been killed in the war since it began in March 2011.
Some 5.5 million Syrians are living as refugees in Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey, and now account for a quarter of Lebanon's population. Another 6.1 million people are still in Syria but have been forced to flee their homes.
Grandi is hoping to raise $5.6 billion from international donors for emergency humanitarian aid for Syrian refugees this year, but that money is not for Syria itself, instead going to help host countries such as Jordan, Iraq, Egypt and Lebanon.
Meanwhile, the United Nations estimates that more than 400,000 civilians trapped in besieged areas throughout Syria.
That the number could rise dramatically because 2 million people live in northwestern Idlib region, the largest populated area of Syria in the hands of insurgents fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government in Damascus.
Some aid agencies are predicting suffering on an even greater scale than during the siege of Aleppo last year and in eastern Ghouta and Raqqa this year if the Syrian army and its Russian and Iranian backers turn their full fire on Idlib.
Tens of thousands of fighters and civilians have fled to the area from parts of the country which the army has recaptured with the help of Russia and Iran.
“Idlib is where an area where a lot of fighters have transferred,” Grandi said. “If fighting moves more decisively to that area, it could be very dangerous for civilians.”
However, Grandi and other aid agencies predict they will have nowhere to flee to because Turkey's southern border with Syria at Gaziantep is tightly controlled, mainly letting aid supplies through to Idlib, forcing refugees deeper into Syria.
“I think we are going to lose not only a generation but a population,” Grandi said.
Do you like to watch football? How about the biggest game of the year — which happens on February 4 (aka this Sunday)? If yes to either of these, then you're in luck: I can tell you how to get the most out of the experience via connected smart home tech, gadgets and AV equipment. Set “indulge” mode to MAX.
The TV
There are plenty of TV options out there for your viewing pleasure, but the one that takes the cake in my opinion is the Sony Bravia A1E 65-inch 4K OLED HDR Smart TV. Why? Because it's the smartest television around, in terms of how it makes use of tech, and that goes way beyond its Android TV-based OS (though that's nice, too).
Part of the smarts come from Sony's X1 chip, which is a dedicated image processor in the television that's responsible for its unbeatable upscaling prowess. I immediately noticed that no matter the source resolution of the content I was playing on the Sony TV, the picture looked far, far better than it did anywhere else. Sony says this is because it's using the chip to rebuild the image pixel-by-pixel, and using a reference library of thousands of 4K images taken from Sony's extensive library of film and TV studio content to do that rebuilding intelligently, instead of just having to take a guess based on surrounding pixels, as other TV makers do.
The X1 also helps out with the unique in-panel speaker that Sony uses on this television, which literally turns the entire surface of the TV into an audio output device. It helps positionally track faces on the screen, so that when people speak, including from your favorite sideline commentators, their voices actually seem to be coming from their mouths. It's so good, you might want to opt for that instead of your surround system, but more on that below.
Ultimately, this isn't the cheapest TV out there (even among OLED models) but its picture quality is unmatched thanks to Sony's tech, especially if you're using a streaming signal (like the free one NBC is making available this year for watching the game).
The remote
A good setup needs a good remote, and the Logitech Harmony Companion paired with the Harmony Hub is pretty much exactly what you need for smart home control, including AV equipment like the TV above, as well as various smart devices like those listed below.
Logitech's whole Harmony lineup is good for this, but the Harmony Companion + Hub bundle has the advantage of being full-featured and capable, while also not breaking the bank. The Hub is key for making sure all your smart home devices can be controlled (including via Google Assistant through Android running on the Sony TV, or also via Alexa), and the Companion remote is an uncomplicated affair, without the power draw of an integrated display, but with a bunch of flexibility thanks to being able to assign different activities to long and short presses of the various activity buttons.
It ships with not only the Hub, but also two IR extenders in the box, which make it easy to establish setups for both open- and closed-cabin AV stack installations. Setup of the software and app is also super easy, and can be done entirely on your smartphone — which becomes another controller using the app, too.
The lights
Philips Hue is still the smart light brand to beat, in my opinion, and they work great with Google Assistant, as well as Alexa and the Harmony remote. You can easily brighten the room with a voice command for when you're taking a break for wings or nachos, and then darken the room again when halftime's over and the main show is once again the focus of everyone's attention.
Using stuff like IFTTT, or even preset smart device scenes with Google Assistant, you can trigger different lighting for different events — like color-coded touchdowns, for instance.
The speakers
As mentioned above, the Sony Bravia OLED TV has speakers integrated into its screen surface that sound amazing, and work great with things like sports and commentary, but if you want to add a little more connected magic to the mix, there are a couple of good options in this category.
Sonos speakers are a great addition to a home theater, especially if you're already invested in the system. You can craft a home theater sound setup using their Playbase and Playbar, and add a subwoofer for bass, too. But if you're already super committed to Google Assistant and Chromecast (which is built-in to the TV), you can also pick up Riva's Festival and Arena speakers, which have Chromecast features built in.
The benefit of that is that you can set them up in group and have the game-day audio broadcast around the house: That way, even in the kitchen or the bathroom, you're still going to be able to hear all the action as it goes down. And again, you can control all this using voice commands with your TV remote or smartphone.
The post-game game
Once the game is done, or if you're not interested in watching Justin Timberlake perform at halftime, the best way to occupy that time is to virtually experience your own Super Bowl at home by firing up Madden 18 on the big screen. The Xbox One X version is fully set for 4K HDR displays, so it's the perfect pairing if you're using the TV above or another one with those resolution and quality capabilities.
Featured Image: Getty Images
Netflix has inked a multiyear deal with the Obamas for original programming — but the content from the former First Couple will not have any political bias, according to chief content officer Ted Sarandos.
“This is not The Obama Network,” said Sarandos, speaking Tuesday at the Paley Center for Media in New York. “There's no political slant to the programming.”
Sarandos was interviewed journalist Ken Auletta at the event. Noting that the Netflix exec is a Democrat, Auletta asked what they would say to Republicans about Netflix's seeming push to the political left — including the appointment of former Obama adviser Susan Rice to its board.
“Um, wait for the programming,” Sarandos responded.
They said Netflix's deal with Higher Ground Productions, the production shingle formed by Barack and Michelle Obama, is for entertainment programming, including scripted films and TV shows as well as unscripted lifestyle content and docu-series. Netflix officially announced the deal last week.
The Obamas were forming Higher Ground Productions as they were leaving the White House, according to Sarandos, who added, “I didn't want to see them go anywhere else because I think they'll be great at it.”
Related Netflix's Ted Sarandos on the Streamers' Cannes Film Festival Debut 'The Rain' Renewed for Season 2 at Netflix
That said, Sarandos allowed that “it's hard to argue that there's not a left lean to the creative community.” But they insisted that the original content Netflix greenlights and distributes is “an aggregation of all those storytellers,” not reflecting “the politics of me” or Netflix chairperson and CEO Reed Hastings.
Sarandos in particular has a close relationship with the Obamas. Their wife, Nicole Avant, served as U.S. ambassador to the Bahamas in President Obama's first term in office.
The rest of Sarandos' discussion with Auletta covered topics he's addressed before. Netflix will spend up to $8 billion on content in 2018, and 85% of that is going toward originals, a figure Sarandos cited at an investment conference earlier this month. They noted that Netflix's “originals” include TV shows that have aired in other countries which the company licenses for global distribution.
Sarandos also explained, once again, that Netflix does not release viewing metrics because it's not an ad-supported network. Netflix doesn't need to have an instant hit, they averred, arguing that the release of TV ratings puts pressure on a show's creators early in its life cycle.
“We have many shows that don't work the first weekend, or first week, or first month,” Sarandos said. But over time, “they grow and grow and grow.”
Netflix produces and acquires content for 2,000 different “taste clusters” of people who subscribe to the service, according to Sarandos. A successful content investment for Netflix prompts some portion of its subscriber base to sign up or keeping paying, but what resonates with one cluster “may not work for you,” they said.
Sarandos also reiterated Netflix's position that collapsing movie-release windows is a more economically efficient model for the film business. “I put 33 movies in the theaters last year – more than any other studio,” they boasted, although of course most of those were smaller-budget films. Netflix is targeting the release of 80 original films this year, which Sarandos previously has said range from “sub-indie” low-budget pictures to “$100 million blockbusters.”
PROVO, Utah — Alexander Mattison ran for a career-high 118 yards and two touchdowns, Brett Rypien threw their first TD pass of the season and Boise State beat BYU 24-7 on Friday night.
Boise State scored 17 straight points in the second quarter to take a 10-point lead into halftime.
Mattison took a direct snap in a wildcat formation and ran it in from the 12 to tie it at 7 in the second quarter. After Kekoa Nawahine intercepted BYU's pass and returned it 51 yards to the Cougars 22, Boise State settled for a short field goal and a 10-7 lead.
Boise State took a two-score lead with 36 seconds left in the half on Sean Modster's first career touchdown catch. Mattison scored the only points of the second half on a 2-yard run early in the fourth to cap an 82-yard drive.
ABC's “American Idol” reboot has made headlines for bringing Ryan Seacrest back as host and for bringing on Katy Perry as a very well-paid judge, but the singing competition show still has two judges' seats to fill before its 2018 debut.
Last month, insiders said Lionel Richie, Charlie Puth, Luke Bryan and Keith Urban were in advanced talks to potentially join Perry on the judges' panel, and while those names are very much in the mix, Variety has learned the decision has not been made, but ABC is starting to lock down on the judges.
“We don't have to make any decisions immediately so we're taking a lot of meetings because you want to get it right,” said ABC's head of alternative programming, Rob Mills, said in a recent interview with Variety. The network isn't under pressure just yet because though auditions start next week, the judges' auditions don't begin until October.
When asked specifically about Puth and Richie, Mills responded, “We're taking a lot of meetings. Some of these meetings have become public,” they said, referring to the media leaks. “To me,'talks' means there are negotiations going on and I don't even think we're there yet with anyone. Really. We're taking meetings and doing all the different permutations. We really want to make sure we get it right.”
Perry and Seacrest will both be very much part of the decision-making process for the other two judges, Mills explains. “They know everybody and they've got opinions,” they say. “Katy and Ryan are going to be instrumental in looking. We want to make sure this really feels like a family.”
Referring to the original “American Idol” panel with Simon Cowell, Randy Jackson and Paula Abdul, Mills notes, “At the end of the day, as great as that original panel of judges was individually, it was also about the chemistry between them — Simon was wonderful, but if they didn't have Paula or Randy, would they or the show have been as successful? We've got Katy and now it's all about who's going to be good with Katy.”
Aside from chemistry and star-power, the executive says it's necessary that all of the judges have a passion to spot talent.
“Ryan and Katy, it is so important to them that we really find another ‘American Idol' like a Carrie Underwood or Kelly Clarkson or Chris Daugherty or Jennifer Hudson or Adam Lambert or one of these other massive stars,” Mills says. “We all take that really seriously so we want to find judges who are going to compliment that.”
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
Tenn. Waffle House naked shooting suspect's first court appearance
NASHEVILLE, TN (WOLO) – The man accused of opening fire at a Tennessee Waffle House was arraigned in court Tuesday (4/24) morning.
Travis Reinking is charged with four counts of criminal homicide. He's being held on a $2 million bond.
The motive in the shooting isn't yet clear.
Police say Reinking was wearing only a jacket when they opened fire at the restaurant with an assault-style rifle before fleeing the scene completely naked.
Azerbaijani-Australian business forum due in Baku
2017-10-07 11:26 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 7
By Azad Hasanli – Trend:
Azerbaijani-Australian business forum will be held in Baku Oct.18, 2017, the Azerbaijan Export and Investment Promotion Foundation (AZPROMO) said Oct. 7.
The business forum will be organized with the support of Azerbaijan's Economy Ministry.
More than 20 Australian companies specializing in the spheres of tourism, logistics, transport, construction, education, law, real estate, viticulture, winemaking, manufacture of dairy products, meat products, as well as in the mining industry and other spheres will take part in the event.
Data of the State Customs Committee of Azerbaijan shows that the country's trade turnover with Australia in January-August 2017 amounted to $3.7 million. Almost the entire amount of the trade turnover accounted for imports of Australian products.
Our very first Gotta Hear Song of the Year is a heavy, dirgey rock epic, “Machine” by Philly locals Deadfellow, a relatively new addition to our local music scene.
Deadfellow's lead singer and songwriter is Hayden Sammak. He's been in and around the local music scene for a few years, and Deadfellow is a project that's about a year old. With a vocal style reminiscent of Mark Lanegan (Screaming Trees), “Machine” is from a new EP, Love Songs for the Contemporary Listener and was recorded at Kawari Sound with some of our favorite locals including Ross Bellenoit, Matt Muir (who co-produced the EP), and Michael Stec.
The six song EP balances heavier guitar jams and lighter, slower, down-tempo ballads. They show Sammak's adeptness at building songs with emotional intensity regardless of the volume, and the EP is a beguiling introduction to a talented young Philly musician.
Love Songs for the Contemporary Listener by Deadfellow
Comments
Categorized Under:
AUDIO
Tags: Deadfellow
Volkswagen Atlas five-passenger concept Enlarge Photo
Volkswagen announced on Monday that it will build a five-passenger SUV based on the Atlas. Volkswagen's press release says the new SUV will be a variant of the seven-passenger Atlas, and it will be be designed and engineered for the American market, just like the current Atlas.
VW didn't say if the new model will also be called Atlas or if it will have a new name.
A concept version of the new model will be shown at the New York auto show later this month, and Volkswagen has released an illustration of that vehicle (see above). The concept seems to just show a shorter version of the current vehicle, though like all design sketches, it has larger wheels and sportier proportions. We also see a more attractive grille that dips down instead of shooting straight across, larger front air intakes, and sleeker roofline that drops down a bit in the rear.
CHECK OUT: 2018 Volkswagen Atlas Review
A shorter, five-passenger Atlas would compete against models like the Ford Edge, Jeep Grand Cherokee, and Nissan Murano instead of the three-row version's Honda Pilot, Toyota Highlander, Nissan Pathfinder, and Ford Explorer rivals.
Like the current Atlas, the new model will be based on the MQB platform that is also used for the current Golf, Passat, and Tiguan.
MQB is a front-wheel-drive-based platform that also offers all-wheel drive. The current Atlas is available with a 2.0-liter turbo-4 rated at 238 horsepower or a 280-hp 3.6-liter V-6. Pricing starts just over $31,000.
The five-passenger SUV will join the seven-passenger Atlas and the Passat as the third model built at VW's Chattanooga, Tennessee, manufacturing plant. Volkswagen will invest $340 million into the facility to build the new model, after investing $900 million to build the Atlas. The Atlas went on sale last year.
No on-sale date has been given for the new five-passenger Atlas.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
To many baby boomers, aged now into grandparenthood and the grave, the 1950s and '60s were seen as the golden age of childhood. Endless summers. Long, aimless bike rides. Double-dutch, British bulldog, hopscotch. A blissful absence of parental involvement in the care-free world of kids. Not everyone was so lucky. As the Star's Kenyon Wallace has reported, young boys and girls deemed unmanageable or “incorrigible” and sent by Ontario court judges and the province to “training schools” between 1960 and 1984 knew another life entirely. What Wallace has uncovered is both the tragedy of how children often coming from poor or broken families were abused – sexually, physically, emotionally, spiritually – and the cynicism of a government that since then has cut secret settlements with survivors in hopes of keeping this shameful part of our history under wraps. As the bromide goes, sunlight is the best disinfectant. And as they are finding in the United States, where millions have been secretly paid to victims of sexual harassment by politicians, misbehaviour unexposed and undiscussed too often remains uncorrected.
Article Continued Below
The Star investigation uncovered 220 legal settlements in which the province made payments to training-school survivors ranging from several thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars. As a condition of settlement, victims had to sign confidentiality agreements – or gag orders. The training schools were residential institutions to which children deemed unmanageable were sent until the legislation was repealed in 1984. At those institutions, according to statements of claim viewed by the Star, staff and teachers sodomized students, forced them to perform oral sex, pitted them against each other in brutal fights, beat them, forced them to eat cigarettes, and told them they were no good and unwanted.
CLAIM
Billionaire philanthropist George Soros is "grooming" Abdul El-Sayed, who is "sympathetic" to the Muslim Brotherhood, to be president of the United States.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
In late November and early December 2017, a Facebook post reported without any evidence that a candidate for governor of Michigan is being “groomed” by billionaire philanthropist George Soros and is sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood. The post, which prompted troubling comments, appears to have been inspired by an April 2017 story in the far-right tabloid WND.com (formerly WorldNetDaily). It reads:
Don't ever say you weren't warned-‘He IS on their way'
‘He IS being groomed at this very minute'
PRESIDENT ABDUL EL-SAYED?
Etch this man's name in your mind.
Their name is Abdul El-Sayed.
After years of being groomed by George Soros. They have been hand-picked by the Left to be their next “champion” of Hope and Change.
 They are 32 years old, born in the USA, and an extremely well educated Muslim Doctor in Detroit Michigan. (education funded by Soros)
 They are handsome, articulate, charismatic and smart.
 They are sympathetic of the Muslim Brotherhood, and is running for Governor of Michigan,
Which is Step 1 in their preparation to run for President of the United States
They have the potential to be Obama #2, but far more openly Muslim.
Abdulrahman Mohamed El-Sayed is an American physician, epidemiologist, public health advocate, and politician.
They have announced their candidacy for Governor of Michigan, running as a Democrat.
Wikipedia:
Born: October 31, 1984 (age 32), Michigan
Awards: Rhodes Scholarship; Paul and Daisy Soros; Fellowships for New; Americans
Education: University of Michigan, Ann; Arbor (BA); Oriel College, Oxford (MA, PhD); Columbia University (MD)
Political party: Democratic Party.
In 2020 they will be eligible to run for President!
Democrats' mouths are watering in anticipation and raising money.
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren is already campaigning for him. Another Trojan Horse?
Al Jazeera, which is widely read by Michigan's large Muslim population is doing its best to help George make them “YOUR” president in 2020!
Bet you never dreamed an unknown, like Obama, would end up as the President of the United States of America FOR 8 YEARS, did you?
DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN, AGAIN.
FORWARD TO ALL,
The idea that George Soros, a Hungarian-American Jew, is pulling the strings in a plot to take over the U.S. (this time vis-a-vis the Michigan gubernatorial race and candidate Abdul El-Sayed) threads into the ubiquitous anti-Semitic conspiracy theory known as the “New World Order.” The thoery posits a secret cabal of rich (and Jewish) financiers are angling to establish an authoritarian global government and, among other things, force America to become more diverse.
El-Sayed is not sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood, but he's not the first Muslim American to step into public life only to have that accusation lobbed at him. After Gold Star father Khizr Khan spoke in support of Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in 2016, they were falsely accused by anti-Muslim conspiracy trolls of being a Muslim Brotherhood “operative.”
El-Sayed has said publicly they are a firm supporter of the separation of church and state — which puts them at complete odds with the Muslim Brotherhood, an international theocratic movement that aims to combine religion with government.
El-Sayed is an American progressive, a political movement left of liberalism that seeks things like universal health care, an increased minimum wage and equality for the LGBT community.  They are also pro-choice. Their stances on LGBT and women's reproductive rights place them in polar opposition to the Muslim Brotherhood. Ani Zonneveld, president of the organization Muslims for Progressive Values told us the Muslim Brotherhood's views on those issues are similar to conservative Christians in the U.S. in that they want to legislate anti-gay and pro-life policy due to their religious beliefs.
What is true is that El-Sayed is indeed a “well educated Muslim Doctor in Detroit.” At 32, they are the youngest person to have served as director of Detroit's Health Department. Born in Michigan to immigrant parents from Egypt, they earned an M.D. from Columbia University in 2014 and a PhD in public health from Oxford University in 2011. During the course of their education they were awarded several prestigious scholarships including Rhodes, Marshall and the Paul and Daisy Soros fellowship in 2012.
Paul Soros, George Soros's now-deceased older brother, launched the Paul and Daisy Soros Fellowship for New Americans with their wife in 1998. It is a competitive, merit-based program that every year accepts 30 immigrants or children of immigrants who are pursuing graduate school in the United States and can demonstrate that they will “make significant contributions to the United States though their future work,” fellowship director Craig Harwood told us. About the selection process, Harwood said:
Every applicant must submit two essays, information about their background and accomplishments, and any relevant exhibits about their work. In addition, they need three to five recommendations. It's not an easy application process.
Our selection process, which is based on these criteria, is divided into two phases. The first phase is the screening process where we employ a diverse set of skilled readers who are a mix of professors, higher education administrators, and experts in a range of professional fields. The screening process narrows the field to 77 applicants who then become our finalists. We then hold seven days of interviews where we engage dozens of panelists who, like the readers, are experts in a range of fields. George Soros is not involved in any way with the selection process.
We asked El-Sayed's campaign about the accusations made in the post and a spokesperson refereed us to an August 2017 profile in The Guardian in which they flatly denied each of them in an interview with journalist Drew Philp:
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):President Mamnoon Hussain Wednesday said as Pakistan and Nigeria were close friends, there were immense opportunities of cooperation between the two countries in various sectors including trade and commerce.
They said this while talking to High Commissioner-designate of Pakistan to Nigeria Major Gen (Retd) Waqar Ahmed Kingravi who called on them here at the Aiwan-e-Sadr.
The president said continuous efforts were required to further enhance this cooperation.
They underlined that Nigeria was the largest and important country of Africa and Pakistan had important trade ties with it.
They directed the high commissioner-designate to focus on exchange of trade delegations as there were numerous opportunities of trade in different fields between the two countries.
They said Nigeria was also keen to further expand trade relations with Pakistan which could pave the way for further strengthening economic cooperation with whole Africa.
The president said there has been strong cooperation between Pakistan and Nigeria in health and education which decreased with the passage of time.
They directed the high commissioner-designate to include these matters in their priorities.
The UFC is willing to grant former light heavyweight champion Jon Jones an immediate title shot upon their return this summer, according to UFC president Dana White.
White told ESPN.com on Monday they are open to booking a highly anticipated rematch between Jones (22-1) and defending champion Daniel Cormier at UFC 214 on July 29 in Anaheim, California, provided Jones wants the Cormier fight right away.
The 29-year-old is currently serving a one-year suspension for a failed drug test, which ends the first week of July.
Should Jones require more time or want a tune-up fight first, White said Cormier (19-1) will face British contender Jimi Manuwa (17-2), possibly at UFC 213 on July 8 in Las Vegas.
"Cormier is available to fight on July 8, but that time frame doesn't work for Jon Jones," White said. "Cormier already told me he's willing to fight either Jones or Manuwa.
"If Jon Jones is ready to fight [by UFC 214] on July 29, we'll see the Jones versus Cormier rematch, finally."
Representatives for Jones did not immediately respond to request for comment.
Dana White is offering Jon Jones a rematch against Daniel Cormier for their light heavyweight title at UFC 214 on July 29 in Anaheim as their first fight back form a one-year suspension. Rod Mar for ESPN
The UFC stripped Jones of the 205-pound championship in 2015 for disciplinary reasons. Earlier that year, Jones had defended their title an eighth time, defeating Cormier via unanimous decision at UFC 182.
A rematch between Cormier and Jones was originally scheduled to take place at UFC 197 in April 2016, but Cormier was forced to withdraw due to a knee injury. It was later scheduled to headline UFC 200 last July in Las Vegas, but Jones was pulled from the event just days prior due to the failed drug test.
Fighting out of Albuquerque, New Mexico, Jones has made just one appearance in the last two years. They received a one-year suspension from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) last July after testing positive for estrogen blockers they later said came from an unmarked sexual enhancement pill.
If the Cormier-Jones rematch is added to UFC 214, it is unclear where it would fall on the card. White has stated they will not trust Jones in a headlining role in their first fight back.
While Jones' situation is uncertain, Cormier and Manuwa have recently gone back and forth with one another on social media, promoting a potential fight.
On Monday, Cormier wrote to Manuwa via Twitter, "Let's go! I wanna fight you! Jones needs to get their sea legs back. Where's the contract. This [is] light work."
"Jimi wants Cormier," White said. "They got into it at UFC 210 [earlier this month] and Jimi told me he's never been talked to like that before. We'll see how this plays out."
Welcome back to MOM FRIENDS, the 3-part series where moms chat about making friends with others parents.
This is the last leg of journey! So we're asking the ever-important question, the reason we should or shouldn't be chatting "mom friends" in the first place.
Here we go:
Are mom friends really that important?
We talked about WHY it's hard to make and maintain friends as a mom, and HOW moms are doing it (like Facebook, for example). But this question is key.
Most of the moms we spoke to said friendships, whether it be with parents or non-parents, are important. To bounce ideas off of, to vent to, to brag to, to laugh with and more. The key, it seems, does friends make you feel like you're not alone.
Check out what the moms had to say.
As a young mom, having other parent friends helps you feel less like an outsider:
Ashley Lopez, mother of 3:
"When I was younger I thought it was really important to have mom friends. I had my son at 18 and was 23 when I had my daughter. At 18, all of my friends from high school were going out and being a normal 18-year-old. I still wanted to be around other moms so I wouldn't feel so alone and embarrassed.
When I had my daughter, I was attending ASU and no one that I talked to had any kids so I definitely did not fit in. I don't know if it was the age or the relationship I was in, but I didn't feel like I needed to be friends with other moms. Of course it would be nice because they understand your life more, but it's just not that important to me anymore. I'm happy with the way my life is now with mom friends and my non-mom friends."
Ashley Lopez of Arizona poses with their three children and their husband at their wedding.
Drey Johnson
What Lopez wants people to know:
I think it's just important to be around people who will better your life as a person and a mother. That being said, I'm also a stepmom and it is important to meet women who are stepmoms. It's a different territory and it's difficult to not over step any boundaries or to just understand the boundaries in general. Talking to other moms truly does help.
It's always good to get advice from fellow moms
Tatyana, mother of 1:
"They're someone who can offer advise and be an ear. Someone who knows what you're going through."
What Tatyana wants people to know:
It's okay not to have mom friends as well. I have plenty of friends who aren't parents but can provide great examples as individuals.
Kristi Piper, mother of 5:
I have a "Google friend" whom I go to for any questions like where to sign my kids up for football or need-to-know info about the area. "I consider ... friendships very valuable."
Friends remind you of your individuality
Jordan Johnson, mother of 1:
Jordan Johnson poses at the Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival in Oregon with their husband and son.
Courtesy Jordan Johnson
"I think it's important for mom's to go out without their kids every once and a while too. It feels like once you become a mom then you don't get to be your own person anymore, you have to be completely selfless and put your kids first 100% of the time. Some people are able to do that but you shouldn't feel bad for needing a break from your kids. It's nice to go out with your friends and have a conversation without constantly being interrupted."
It's nice to be with people who get it
Araceli Perez, mother of 2 :
"It's nice to relate to the mom friends that I do have. Most of the time, when my kid decides to act out, I don't feel discouraged around them since they can relate. ... The best mom friends are the ones that never judge or try to say something when it comes to your choices."
It's different than a romantic relationship
Whitney Ford, mother of 2:
"I notice when I get out of the house, it always ends up being worth it," Ford said. It's "having the empathy and human connection" that is so important they added.
Whitney Ford with friend Alli Mayes, whom they met through a Facebook group for parents in Arizona.
Courtesy Whitney Ford
"It's good for your mental health to have another person that you can relate to on that level," they said. And it's different than a spouse.
"Moms and dads experience parenthood differently, so having other mom friends ... I really do think it's important for your wellbeing."
Like all the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
BUSINESS
Considering the limited size and full saturation of the local market, outstanding procurement companies are being encouraged to create opportunities in overseas markets. And it is the government's role to guide them to success, according to the chief of South Korea's procurement office.
“Our mission is not only to procure and manage material resources for the public sector, but also to sort out capable procurement providers from the private sector and help them expand into the global market,” Park Chun-sup, administrator of the Public Procurement Service, told The Korea Herald in an interview.
“This year, the PPS plans to focus on its mediator role, selecting competent domestic companies and qualified foreign procurement buyers and consequently matching relevant counterparts.”
Having taken office as the procurement office's chief in July last year, Park has often underlined the importance of communication, be it within the organization or with customers and the market.
In line with such vision, the PPS has since 2013 been operating a procurement export support program titled G-Pass -- referring to Government Performance Assured companies.
Over the past years, total exports by these G-Pass companies has risen nearly 4.5 times, from $130 million in 2013 to $580 million as of the end of 2017. The number of participating players also soared from 95 to 487 during the same period, PPS data showed.
“We have also established a procurement information system based on the database of the International Trade Center's Procurement Map system, which allows Korean companies to freely access the government procurement bidding announcements of 192 countries worldwide,” the administrator said.
“In addition, an export strategy map is available for companies to search for profitable products and valid sales strategies per country and region.”
To promote its export-oriented vision and to further expand the overseas business landscape, the PPS will be holding the Korea Public Procurement Expo 2018 at Ilsan's Kintex, starting Wednesday.
The annual event, which has been effective since 2000, is the nation's largest public procurement exposition that focuses on building the domestic and overseas market for small- and medium-sized procurement firms.
This year, 309 domestic companies will be operating promotional booths, whiles some 104 foreign buyers are set to attend, according to officials.
A number of new participant countries such as Uzbekistan and Nepal were noted on the list, reflecting the office's efforts for geographical diversification, Park added.
Besides the buyers, a number of international organizations and academies are also to attend the event for education, workshops and academic discussions. The list of international organizations includes the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, International Trade Center, World Trade Organization and Asia Development Bank.
“The number of countries and companies participating in our expo has been increasing steadily, reflecting the market's keen interest,” Park said.
“We shall continue efforts so that the annual expo settles as a key regional and international event in the public procurement sector.”
The office will also operate special booths for small-sized firms that are not yet qualified for government support, but have such potential in the future.
“The number of these early-stage ventures has doubled from 20 last year to 40 this year, and all participating and operating fees are to be exempted for them,” the chief explained.
“We believe that a balanced participation of such innovative players may often present an unconventional product idea or solution.”
The PPS was created in 1949, shortly after the establishment of the Korean government, as an affiliated department under the Prime Minister's Office.
Then-named the Provisional Office of Foreign Supply, the procurement office contributed to the vitalization of the Korean economy in its early days. In the 1960s, when it was consolidated with the Office of Foreign Procurement and renamed the Office of Foreign Supply, the office played a pivotal role in laying the administrative infrastructure during the country‘s rapid economic growth period.
PPS is also recognized for its online procurement system, Koneps, which was launched in 2002 and won the United Nations Public Service Award in 2003 for its transparency and efficiency. Global organizations including the UN and World Bank have benchmarked the system.
By Bae Hyun-jung & Lee Kwon-hyoung
(tellme@heraldcorp.com) (kwonhl@heraldcorp.com)
Warner Bros. released new footage Tuesday for “Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald” with a teenage Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) receiving Defense Against the Dark Arts instruction at Hogwarts.
The footage generated a big laugh among attendees at the CinemaCon convention of theater owners in Las Vegas, with Jude Law portraying a young Albus Dumbledore as the bumbling Scamander faces a Boggart (a malevolent, shapeshifting spirit) and a desk appears. Dumbledore explains that it's manifested as Scamander's fear: having to work an office job.
“This film, I get to go to Hogwarts, which is the best thing!” Redmayne proclaimed at the convention.
The David Yates film follows Dumbledore and Scamander as they join forces to recapture an escaped Gellert Grindelwald, played by Johnny Depp, who is on a mission to dominate all non-magical people with the help of their pureblood wizard followers. Depp did not appear at the CinemaCon event.
Ezra Miller, who plays Credence Barebone, impressed the audience by answering half a dozen “Fantastic Beasts” trivia questions from MC Will Arnett, including one about Nicolas Flamel, believed to be the discoverer of the famous Philosopher's Stone.
Related 'It: Chapter 2' Director Andy Muschietti Says 'Bring Your Adult Diapers' Can 'Mowgli' Sell MovieGoers on a Darker 'Jungle Book'?
Katherine Waterston, Alison Sudol, and Dan Fogler all appeared in the footage, with Fogler providing comic relief again. In the clip, their Jacob Kowalski character tells Brontis Jodorowsky's Flamel, “You don't look a day over 375.”
The second film in the “Harry Potter” prequel franchise will be released on Nov. 16. Yates, who directed “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” and the final four “Potter” installments, is returning to helm the second film in the series from a script by “Harry Potter” creator J.K. Rowling. The spinoff franchise will consist of five films.
Rowling, David Heyman, Steve Kloves, and Lionel Wigram are producing. “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” set in the 1920s in New York City, was released in late 2016 and grossed $814 million worldwide. Warner Bros. has not yet revealed when the third, fourth, and fifth films will be released.
SPRINGFIELD -- A local member of a group dedicated to eliminating nuclear weapons said Friday's awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize could help make that goal more attainable.
Dr. Ira Helfand is part of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN). In addition to their work at Family Care Medical Center in Springfield, the Northampton resident for years has worked to highlight the dangers of nuclear weapons.
"This is not some abstract thing we need to think about like some B-movie plot," Helfand said, noting that even a "limited" exchange of nuclear weapons could lead to global famine. All-out nuclear war, they said, would bring another Ice Age and possibly the extinction of the human race.
What's spared us from these consequences so far, Helfand said, is luck. A number of close calls -- like one in 1995 where Russia mistook a weather satellite launch for a pre-emptive strike -- illustrate how easily nuclear weapons can be unleashed. The threat is even greater today, they said, given the possibility of cyberterrorists hacking nuclear weapons or warning systems.
"The only way to guarantee they're not used is to eliminate them completely," Helfand said.
The awarding of the $1.1 million Nobel Peace Prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and U.S. President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."
While the world's nuclear-armed countries show no sign of giving up their arsenals, Helfand said the disarmament effort took a significant step forward this year.
ICAN campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 countries at the United Nations in July. On Sept. 20, the first day the treaty was open for signature, 51 countries signed it and three submitted their ratifications. The treaty needs 50 ratifications to go into force, which advocates are confident will happen.
Helfand said the treaty establishes a "new international norm" that will allow signatories to put pressure on the U.S. and other nuclear-armed nations.
There will also be increased pressure from inside the U.S., they said.
In the early 1980s, the Nuclear Freeze campaign, which originated in Western Massachusetts, mobilized communities to demand that the government freeze production of new weapons and end the arms race between the U.S. and Russia.
Helfand said a similar campaign will be launched in the near future. This time the focus will be not only on stopping production, but also eliminating existing nuclear weapons. There will also be an effort to elect a new president in 2020 who is committed to disarmament, they said.
Helfand is co-president of the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, which started ICAN seven years ago amplify its message. The parent group won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1985.
Material from the Associated Press was used in this report.
Welcome back to Tune In: our weekly newsletter offering a guide to the best of the week's TV.
Each week, Variety's TV team combs through the week's TV schedule, selecting our picks of what to watch and when/how to watch it. This week, “Fargo” launches its third season, while Bill Nye “The Science Guy” returns to TV with a new Netflix series.
“Fargo,” FX, Thursday, 10 p.m.
The Emmy- and Golden Globe-winning series returns for its third season. This time around, Ewan McGregor will pull double duty as twin brothers Emmit and Ray Stussy. Ray is constantly living in their more successful brother's shadow and is looking to settle the score. This season also stars Carrie Coon, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and David Thewlis.
“Bill Nye Saves the World,” Netflix, Friday
Bill Nye “The Science Guy” returns to television with this brand-new Netflix talk show series. In each episode, Nye drills into a different topic to dispel myths and refute anti-scientific claims. The show will feature special guests including Zach Braff, Rachel Bloom, Tim Gunn, Joel McHale and Wil Wheaton. Nye also will conduct experiments and demonstrations to let facts lead the argument.
“The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks,” HBO, Saturday, 8 p.m.
The HBO original film tells the true story of Henrietta Lacks, an African-American woman whose cells were used to create the first immortal human cell line. Told through the eyes of their daughter, Deborah Lacks, played by Oprah Winfrey, the film chronicles their search to learn about the mother they never knew and to understand how the unauthorized harvesting of Lacks' cancerous cells in 1951 led to unprecedented medical breakthroughs, changing countless lives and the face of medicine forever. It is based on the book of the same name by Rebecca Skloot's, with Winfrey also serving as an executive producer
“Mary Kills People,” Lifetime, Sunday, 10 p.m. (CRITICS' PICK)
This Canadian import is an energetic, savvy program that combines elements of crime thrillers, medical soaps, and propulsive character drama and throws in a welcome dose of philosophical exploration. Anchored by a charismatic performance from star Caroline Dhavernas, “Mary Kills People,” a show about a complicated, appealing doctor who helps terminal people end their lives a little more aggressively than the law allows, is lively, smart and even funny at times. It displays a surfeit of ideas and frisky energy, and its six-episode season is one of the most impressive debuts of the year. (Read the full review here)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amanda Bynes has shot down claims she's engaged and pregnant after a fake Twitter account claiming to belong to the star 'announced' the news.
News of a 'secret' account belonging to Amanda has been rumoured for months, operating under the handle @persianla27.
On Monday, the account tweeted news of Amanda's ‘engagement' to a man called Matt and announced they were pregnant, before posting a stream of odd tweets including one reaching out to Donald Trump for help.
(Photo: Splash)
(Photo: PersianLa27/Twitter)
(Photo: PersianLa27/Twitter)
(Photo: amandabynes/Twitter)
But the real Amanda has spoken out on their official verified Twitter, denouncing the claims.
“I am not @persianla27,” they wrote.
“I am not getting married and I am not pregnant. I don't understand why Twitter won't take @persianla27 down.
“I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and Twitter needs to take the account down.”
Last year, Amanda tweeted about the fake account, saying, “I only have this [account]. I don't know why some people use my photos or try to pose as me, but they do. Please don't be confused or believe any of them.
“This is me! The verified, real, authentic and actual Amanda Bynes. Accept no substitutes!”
Conspiracy theorists believe Amanda's verified account is run by their parents, while the @persianla27 is the actor' personal Twitter.
(Photo: PersianLa27/Twitter)
Amanda hadn't tweeted for almost six months before the denial. The mysterious tweets purporting to be from Amanda via @Persianla27 were posted on Monday, and claimed they were engaged to their boyfriend Matt and was pregnant - all of which have since been deleted.
“FYI I will be releasing photos of my fiancé Matt and I before [US gossip website] RadarOnline does! Nobody will make money off of my name if I can help it!” the account tweeted.
“They very media that lied and destroyed me is now telling me to trust them. No thanks."
(Photo: Splash)
(Photo: Splash)
They added, “I will be letting the world know how truly in love I am”, before posting a picture of their man with the caption, “World: my gorgeous fiancé Matt & me!”
The account then posted several more pictures of Amanda with Matt, saying they'd been dating for eight months and while they were now engaged, they hadn't set a date for the wedding.
The account, run by someone called ‘Ashley Banks' posted a picture of Amanda Bynes' driving licence, insisting it is Amanda and added a cryptic “My friends know how to reach me”.
Members of the public are being urged to look out for the county's rural communities by reporting hare coursing incidents.
The hare coursing season traditionally begins in September when fields across Cambridgeshire have been harvested and ploughed, making them the perfect ground for the illegal blood sport.
However, last year saw the spike in offences start in July.
Hare coursing, illegal under the Hunting Act 2004, causes damage to crops, harms animal welfare and threatens the rural community. It can result in intimidation and even violence.
Last year (April 2017-March 2018) officers were called to 1,393 incidents of hare coursing, an increase of 23.39 per cent on the previous 12 months (1,124 incidents).
Detective Constable Tom Nuttall from the Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT) said: “Hare coursing remains one of the biggest crimes affecting our rural communities, particularly in South Cambridgeshire, East Cambridgeshire and Fenland.
“The most obvious sign of hare coursing is a group of vehicles parked in a rural area, perhaps by a gateway to farmland, on a grass verge, on a farm track or bridle path, and I ask people to report any suspicions.
“Those caught could face a criminal behaviour order, seizure of vehicles and other property, a fine and a driving ban.
“Driving hare coursing out of the county is a priority for RCAT and we will do all we can to catch those responsible and bring them to justice.”
Landowners are urged to consider blocking entrances to their fields with ditches, fencing or trees or even barriers like barrels filled with concrete.
Anyone who sees hare coursing taking place is asked to contact police immediately on 999 and provide officers with a description of the people involved, any registration numbers and vehicle descriptions and the location and direction of travel.
It's important people don't confront hare coursers or put themselves at risk.
If you have information about hare coursing and it's not currently happening, or have been a victim of the crime, please call 101 or report online at www.contactcambspolice.uk/report.
If a crime is in progress call 999.
Members of the religious-extremist organization Hizb ut-Tahrir were detained in Jalal-Abad region of Kyrgyzstan . Press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Kyrgyz Republic reported.
A large number of extremist literature was found during the search in houses of several residents of the region. In addition, illegal storage of explosive devices and explosives has been revealed.
Books and leaflets with extremist content were found in Daewoo Lacetti car of a resident, born in 1974. A large number of books, brochures, audio and video materials of prohibited extremist organizations were found in the homes of five more citizens.
During the search in the house of the main suspect, born in 1985, extremist materials, RGD-5 grenade, masks, gloves, a map of Jalal-Abad region, instructions for manufacturing improvised explosives, and components of explosive devices were detected.
Criminal cases have been opened on the facts. Law enforcement agencies detained seven members of Hizb ut-Tahrir cell. All were placed in the detention center. Necessary expertise is appointed. An investigation has been launched.
DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Bill Gates has told Reuters their foundation plans to spend more than $300 million in Tanzania this year on public health and poverty reduction programmes.
In an interview, the billionaire said aid was now being spent "in a smarter way" in some parts of the world.
"Some countries have made good progress in the reduction of childhood deaths and reduction in poverty, with Tanzania being a good example," said Gates, during a visit to the east African country.
"I see a chance for the eradication of malaria and HIV/AIDS, but that's gonna take a lot of science and a lot of investment."
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has spent billions of dollars on aid projects worldwide in recent years, much of it in Africa.
Gates said they were hopeful that the U.S. Congress would continue to resist President Donald Trump's plans to make deep cuts to development aid.
A Republican-led Senate panel last month rejected proposed reductions.
"Trump did propose a big aid cut, but Congress ... pushed back on those proposals. It's clear they may not cut that much aid," they said.
The U.S. government pledged in May to give Tanzania a $526m aid package this year through the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief programme.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- Coach Todd Bowles said it is a "bad excuse" to use the perceived lack of chemistry as the reason for the New York Jets' 5-11 season, but players continued to voice concern over locker room discord.
"Losing didn't help, but I think it was kind of a mindset that wasn't -- it just kind of spread, and it wasn't good," wide receiver Quincy Enunwa said Monday as players cleaned out their lockers after a sixth consecutive season out of the playoffs.
On Sunday, cornerback Darrelle Revis said there was a "dark cloud" over the team in the aftermath of a Week 3 locker room argument between wide receiver Brandon Marshall and defensive end Sheldon Richardson.
The Marshall-Richardson feud became the focal point of the turmoil, with Richardson publicly sniping at Marshall at least twice in the past 10 days.
Meanwhile, Marshall's outspoken leadership style chafed many players, sources told ESPN. It culminated with a Week 16 halftime tirade that might have alienated the veteran receiver from teammates.
Enunwa, one of the Jets' promising young players, said it was hard to stay focused during the season because of the internal strife.
"When you see the bad things that are going on, you kind of feel like, 'Wow,'" they said. "You almost lose your purpose, I think. You go into the season and you don't want to play for self, you want to play for team. But when team doesn't feel like a team, then you have to start playing for self."
Bowles, who will return for a third season as the Jets' head coach, tried to downplay the friction.
"That happens in locker rooms all the time," they said. "I don't think that was a problem as far as us winning and losing and playing hard. Arguments are going to happen."
At the same time, Bowles acknowledged the team can show "a lot more maturity." They have said they will try to change the chemistry in the offseason, and that may mean parting ways with Richardson and Marshall, both of whom are under contract in 2017.
The Jets tried to deal Richardson before the Nov. 1 trading deadline, and they're likely to resume talks next month. Marshall, 32, is due to make $7.5 million and could be traded or cut because of their salary-cap hit.
Bowles said that Marshall's style isn't for everyone.
"Brandon can be volatile at times, but their message is correct, what he's saying," Bowles said. "He's a very passionate player, and they care. They work their tail off, and he'd like everybody to do that in the same fashion. Sometimes, whenever you're losing, it gets a little frustrating and it goes over, but their message was fine."
Marshall defended their boisterous personality.
"In retrospect, I could work on my timing, but I'm totally fine with my approach this year," they said. "My only motive is to win ballgames. I'm tired of going home right after the season. I'm tired of watching the playoffs on my couch. It's just a frustrating year. It has been a frustrating career."
In 11 seasons, Marshall has yet to reach the playoffs. They have played more games without a postseason appearance than any other active player.
Enunwa paused eight seconds before responding to a question about Marshall's loud personality.
"For me, with Brandon, I always make sure that I hear the message, rather than the delivery of the message," they said. "It's not easy for everybody. ... I think, like they said, they wish their delivery was different."
Linebacker Lorenzo Mauldin said the team "didn't have the same spark as last year. We didn't fight like we did last year."
In 2015, the Jets finished 10-6, one game short of the playoffs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEHMAN TOWNSHIP -- Teachers got a glimpse of what it's like to be in a dangerous situation with a gunman inside the school.
Teachers were the students on Friday at an active-shooter demonstration at the Lake Lehman High School. Many of them were taking notes and pictures so they can remember what to do.
Experts showed them that one of the best ways to protect themselves is to build a barricade. Using whatever is available to them, teachers need to stockpile chairs and tables and then wrap them together with cords and belts to strengthen it.
Police also showed teachers how to take a gunman down. Someone needs to take the weapon away and then a group of people needs to get the shooter to the ground. Once the gunman is down and without a weapon, they can't do much to hurt anyone.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Washington Post has unveiled an article about Armenian American billionaire Kirk Kerkorian, who played an enormous role in shaping modern-day Las Vegas, along the way also shaking up Hollywood and the auto industry.
"Most of the world knows little else about Kerkorian, who was fiercely private even by billionaire standards. Now, almost three years after their death in 2015 at age 98, William C. Rempel's “The Gambler: How Penniless Dropout Kirk Kerkorian Became the Greatest Deal Maker in Capitalist History” chronicles Kerkorian's singular career and their engrossing life story: how the son of Armenian immigrants and an eighth-grade dropout became one of the most influential tycoons of the 20th century," the article says.
"Rempel's account is expansive and exhaustive, which is all the more impressive given that they had little authorized access. The official Kerkorian camp refused to cooperate (though Rempel, who spent 36 years as an investigative reporter and editor at the Los Angeles Times, got many friends and associates to speak with him), and Kerkorian gave almost no interviews during their life.
"And what a life it was. Rempel spends more than half the book chronicling Kerkorian's early years, but it's hard to imagine a more cinematic rags-to-riches story. Born Kerkor Kerkorian, the future billionaire was the youngest of four children to Armenian immigrants who had settled in Fresno, Calif. Their father, Ahron, saw success as a fruit peddler turned raisin farmer, but they lost the business when the market turned and debt loads came down, prompting a relocation to Los Angeles. Scrappy but strong, young Kerkor showed promise as an amateur prizefighter, earning the nickname “Rifle Right.”
"But a chance opportunity to ride along with a friend in a single-wing plane led them to become besotted with flying — and prompted a stint as a contract pilot for the Royal Air Force Ferry Command, a Montreal-based division that hired civilian pilots, including Americans, to ferry new bombers and fighter planes from their factories in America and Canada across the North Atlantic. The first scene in the book is a treacherous minute-by-minute account of one of these crossings that nearly led to a mid-air evacuation — one of Kerkorian's several close brushes with death. Back in Los Angeles, they set up a small charter flight service that made enterprising use of surplus military planes, and was soon ferrying the likes of John Wayne and Bugsy Siegel to the then-nascent gaming mecca in the desert, Las Vegas.
"In 1962, Kerkorian began buying up land in Vegas, over time building three resorts that were the largest in the world for their time: the International Hotel, opened in 1969; the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino, opened in 1973 and later acquired and renamed by Bally's; and the new MGM Grand Las Vegas, opened in 1993, with a casino, Rempel says, that was bigger than the playing field in Yankee Stadium. They purchased MGM Studios in 1969 and would sell and buy it back three times, each time for a profit. They bought and sold plenty of other resorts, including the Mirage from younger rival Steve Wynn (now embroiled in allegations of sexual misconduct) in 2000 and Mandalay Resorts in 2004; at their peak, Kerkorian controlled nearly half of the Strip. An attempted takeover of Chrysler in the early 1990s would see them in and out of the auto industry for almost two decades.
"The deals seem innumerable, each recounted in hyper-specific, often suspenseful detail (lay readers may find those dealmaking details dense). There are plenty of historic moments in pop culture, whether it's the International Hotel's chief doing a deal on a tablecloth with Elvis Presley's manager after an early record-setting sellout performance in 1969, or Kerkorian acquiescing to Paramount head Robert Evans's request to let a young, unknown actor named Al Pacino out of a contract with MGM so Paramount could cast them with Marlon Brando in a movie called “The Godfather.” In the early 1960s, Kerkorian befriended an Armenian waiter and part-time tennis instructor named Manny Agassi at the Tropicana; they became lifelong friends, and when Agassi's next child came along, they named them Andre Kirk Agassi, who became, of course, a tennis legend.
"Kerkorian's character is as striking as their business adventures. While many masters of the universe are known for short fuses and big egos, Kerkorian, in Rempel's telling, was the opposite. They were gentle and gracious, and didn't assume that the world revolved around him. (“Do you have a minute?” was how they would start phone calls.) They despised displays of wealth. They refused comps at their hotels or anyone else's, and they were reluctant to let employees know who they are. In one anecdote, a check-in clerk at the MGM Grand was having an argument with their boyfriend on the phone while Kerkorian waited at the counter; when they hung up, apologized and asked for their name, they were mortified. “We all have our days,” they reassured her."
Cricket festivity returns to Lahore
Lahore
With tickets of both the play offs of the third edition of Pakistan super league already sold out,these semi finals will be watched by full house at the home of cricket the historic Gadaffi stadium
In the first semi final defending champion,Peshawar Zalmi will face off with Quetta Gladiators here tomorrow,Tuesday and the stadium is set to welcome the PSL at home with a full house in attendance.The winner of Zalmi and Gladiators will take on Karachi Kings in the second semi final on March 22 .The final is slated on March 25 at Karachi. “Tickets of the matches have already been sold out as informed by the courier company assigned the task to sale the tickets on its designated branches and online”, said a spokesperson of the Pakistan Cricket Board while talking to APP on Monday.
They said the tickets priced at different values for both the plays off were put on sale well ahead of the matches to facilitate.
“We have make good arrangements for the comfort of the pubic inside the stadium,the way we did in the PSL final,during the World XI tour and the visit of Sri Lankan team last year”, they said. Answering a question,he said foolproof security arrangements have been made for the peaceful conduct of the matches with the help and cooperation of law enforcement agencies.
“Safe city authorities will be monitoring the city situation and the entire route of teams from their hotel to the stadium with the help of installed cameras round the clock during the matches”,he added. They praised the efforts of authorities of safe city project to ensure strong security in and around the stadium.”Security will be at the highest level for the participating teams of the play offs and for the public coming to watch these matches”, they said. Cricket festivity returns to Lahore after lmost five months and the Gadaffi stadium wears a fresh look to stage two back to back play offs, of the third edition of the Super League here on March 20 and 21. After the successful holding of the, last year's PSL final in March last, three match ‘Independence Cup' series between Pakistan and the World XI in September last followed by a T20 game between
Pakistan and Sri Lanka in October at this historic venue, the arena has been given a bridal look to hold the two semi finals of the PSL. Pitches are being prepared and the grass has been cut in different patterns as the ground wears a good look. Different enclosures have been washed and plastic chairs get their original colour back after dusting. Broken chairs are being replaced with the new ones in various enclosures.
“There is nothing more to be done as the entire stadium is in perfect condition”, said a spokesperson of the Pakistan Cricket Board while talking to APP on Monday. “We are just taking care of the minor things and work ,where it is needed and necessary and we are all set to organize the matches in a befitting manner”, they said.
“Another historic moment will be added in Pakistan cricket history with these play off at the Gadaffi stadium which is a respected cricket arena throughout the world for having staged World Cup and other elite cricket events in the past”, they asserted.—Agencies
Super middleweight contenders Jose Uzcategui and Andre Dirrell will meet for a vacant interim world title on May 20 in a fight confirmed Monday as Showtime finalized a deep spring boxing schedule that will feature seven fight cards in eight weeks.
Many of the fights have already been announced, but a few were officially added to Showtime's schedule for the first time, including Uzcategui-Dirrell.
They will box in the co-feature of featherweight titlist Gary Russell Jr., in their first home area fight as a professional, taking on interim titlist Oscar Escandon in a mandatory bout at the new MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C.
"I'm very excited to be facing a fighter the quality of Andre Dirrell," Uzcategui said. "These are the types of fights that I've wanted, and I look forward to coming out victorious. This fight will be another step on the way to my dream of becoming a world champion."
Uzcategui (26-1, 22 KOs) loomed as the mandatory challenger for world titleholder James DeGale. However, DeGale will be sidelined for several months as they recover from injuries suffered in a draw with Badou Jack in their January unification fight. That opened the door for an interim title fight against Dirrell (25-2, 16 KOs), the next leading available contender in the IBF's 168-pound rankings. The winner will have to face DeGale upon their return, though DeGale could vacate and move up in weight, leaving the Uzcategui-Dirrell winner to take over as full titleholder.
Jose Uzcategui will end a nine-month layoff when they fight Andre Dirrell on May 20. Ron Cortes/ Getty images
"This fight is a massive step towards my journey to success in 2017," said Dirrell, who got knocked down twice and dropped a unanimous decision challenging DeGale for the vacant title in May 2015. "To me, this is my championship fight leading up to the rematch with the current champion, James DeGale. Jose has all of the tools of a champion, so he's fierce competition for me. But I will show the world that I'm up for the task. This is my year!"
Uzcategui, 26, a Venezuela native fighting out of Mexico, will end a nine-month layoff. They have won four fights in a row since suffering their lone defeat, a unanimous 10-round decision to middleweight Matt Korobov, after which Uzcategui moved up to super middleweight. Dirrell, 33, of Flint, Michigan, will be coming off a 13-month layoff.
Also added to the May 20 telecast was a junior welterweight title elimination bout between former lightweight and junior lightweight titlist Rances Barthelemy, who is moving up in weight, and former world title challenger Kiryl Relikh.
Barthelemy (25-0, 13 KOs), 30, a Cuban defector fighting out of Las Vegas, will end an 11-month layoff since they made their only lightweight title defense, a split-decision win against Mickey Bey last June, before vacating in order to rise in weight.
"I'm very excited to be back in the ring, especially on Showtime, against a top-ranked contender in Kiryl Relikh," Barthelemy said. "This victory will get me one step closer to fulfilling my dream of becoming the first Cuban to win world titles in three different weight classes. I'm very motivated, and I will not be denied on May 20."
Relikh (21-1, 19 KOs), 27, of Belarus, will fight in the United States for the first time and for the first time since they lost a split decision challenging then-junior welterweight titlist Ricky Burns in their home country of Scotland in October. The Barthelemy- Relikh winner will become a mandatory challenger for unified titleholder Julius Indongo, who easily outpointed Burns to unify two belts on Saturday.
"I'm thrilled to have this opportunity in a world-title eliminator," Relikh said. "Rances Barthelemy is a good fighter, but my experience at this weight will help me get the victory. I'm ready to do whatever it takes to get this win and eventually wear that world title belt around my waist."
Here's the rest of Showtime's spring schedule that was unveiled Monday:
• On Saturday, Showtime has a card at Barclays Center in Brooklyn that includes former welterweight titleholders Shawn Porter (26-2-1, 16 KOs) and Andre Berto (31-4, 24 KOs) meeting in a title eliminator in the main event, with junior middleweight titlist Jermell Charlo (28-0, 13 KOs) defending against mandatory challenger Charles Hatley (26-1-1, 18 KOs) in the co-feature.
• Showtime announced earlier Monday that it finalized a deal with rival HBO under which they will both televise the heavyweight world titlist Anthony Joshua (18-0, 18 KOs) defending against former champion Wladimir Klitschko (64-4, 54 KOs) on April 29 from Wembley Stadium in London, where a British-record boxing crowd of 90,000 will be on hand for one of the biggest heavyweight fights of the past 20 years. Showtime will air the fight live beginning at 4:15 p.m., while HBO will have a primetime replay beginning at approximately 10:45 p.m. ET/PT.
• Also May 20, Showtime will carry live coverage on its "Showtime Boxing International" series of junior lightweight titlist Gervonta Davis (17-0, 16 KOs) making their first defense against mandatory challenger Liam Walsh (21-0, 14 KOs) at the Copper Box Arena in London.
• Welterweight titlist Kell Brook (36-1, 25 KOs) will defend against mandatory challenger Errol Spence Jr. (21-0, 19 KOs) on May 27 at Bramall Lane Football Ground in Sheffield, England, Brook's hometown, in a heavily anticipated bout.
• The rematch between light heavyweight world champion Adonis Stevenson (28-1, 23 KOs) and Andrzej Fonfara (29-4, 17 KOs), which will take place June 3 at the Bell Centre in Montreal or the Videotron Centre in Quebec City, was finalized earlier this month and added Monday to Showtime's schedule. In 2014, also on Showtime, Stevenson outpointed Fonfara in a grueling and close fight in which both men were knocked down. In the co-feature, Eleider Alvarez (22-0, 11 KOs), who is Stevenson's mandatory challenger, will risk their status against former world champion and fellow Montreal-based fighter Jean Pascal (31-4-1, 18 KOs).
• On June 9, Showtime's prospect-oriented series "ShoBox: The New Generation" will return with a card from the Turning Stone Resort & Casino in Verona, New York, headlined by junior welterweight Joel Diaz Jr. (23-0, 19 KOs) fighting Abel Ramos (17-2-2, 12 KOs) in a 10-round bout. The card will take place on induction weekend of the nearby International Boxing Hall of Fame in Canastota, a 10-minute drive from Turning Stone. Among the inductees will be two of the voices of "ShoBox": blow-by-blow announcer Barry Tompkins and analyst Steve Farhood.
In addition to the bouts made official, Showtime announced that it will have separate cards this summer featuring welterweight contender Adrien Broner (33-2, 24 KOs), a former four-division titlist, and lightweight titleholder Mikey Garcia (36-0, 30 KOs).
"Showtime continues its unrivaled commitment to the sport. There simply is no other network in boxing delivering world-class events on a consistent basis," Showtime Sports executive vice president and general manager Stephen Espinoza said. "Our 2017 schedule already includes some 17 live boxing telecasts, 15 world championship fights, with the top-rated fighters squaring off in boxing's deepest weight divisions.
"We continue to break the glass ceiling on women's boxing, deliver the biggest bouts from overseas and see champions take on champions to unify divisions. We are proud to be reshaping the boxing landscape both in and out of the ring."
Brownfield land cannot be the only solution to the housing crisis simply because there is not enough of it to meet the huge projected demand for new places to live, the sponsors of a new report have concluded.
According to The Gracechurch Group, so-called brownfield “super sites” should be targeted urgently to deliver the most homes and if that strategy proves inadequate then greenfield sites will offer the best way of meeting the country's growing housing needs.
The idea that councils do not need to release greenfield land for new homes is dispelled by the ‘Brownfield: The housing crisis solved?' report, the group claimed.
It compares the amount of brownfield land shown on new pilot brownfield registers created by local councils with the Government's recently published estimate of housing need.
The pilot registers show that brownfield has the potential for 200,000 homes, net of normal planning attrition, yet the Government forecasts that 275,000 homes are needed in those areas over a five-year period, and 550,000 over ten years.
Neil Lawson-May, joint chief executive at Palatium Investment Management, part of The Gracechurch Group, said: “The housing shortfall from brownfield is even greater than these numbers suggest. Brownfield is unevenly spread across the country and most brownfield is not in areas where there is high housing need.
“In the pilot, only two regions have sufficient brownfield capacity to accommodate their five-year housing requirement once planning attrition has been factored in. Brownfield land can make a significant impact on the housing crisis, but it can't solve it.”
They said the registers offer hard evidence about brownfield availability which can help politicians and planning authorities explain to communities why greenfield land is needed for new homes.
According to the report, four of the seven pilot authorities have a potential five-year brownfield land supply, before planning attrition is taken into account, including four in Yorkshire.
Former industrial or commercial sites in Hull could meet local housing demand for 13.73 years, in Leeds for 11.57 years, in Sheffield for 9.56 years and in Selby for 7.54 years. But there is too little brownfield land in East Yorkshire, North East Lincolnshire and Rotherham to meet five-year demands as they have sites that can only meet demand over 2.46, 3.85 and 3.48 years respectively.
Some 67 of the 73 pilot local authorities have published their registers. In total, they identify 4,894 brownfield sites covering 12,960 hectares which could provide around 300,000 new homes, falling to 200,000 when a normal one-third attrition rate for the planning process is absorbed.
Most brownfield sites are very small, the report states, suitable for 15 homes or fewer. This is a problem, Mr Lawson-May said.
“The collapse of many small housebuilders during the credit crunch is a problem for developing small brownfield sites.”
Just 25 sites on the registers could provide 22 percent of all brownfield homes and Mr Lawson-May said: “Supersites such as these should be targeted urgently and centrally to see if they are sustainable and if they are not, then it would be better to return them to nature and build on greenfield than spend many years debating their future.”
The group said local people and interest groups should be invited to put forward sites for inclusion on brownfield registers, and be given an explanation as to why sites are not on the registers.
on Monday vowed to improve its procedures for reviewing the content on the massive social network following the public outcry over a video posted Easter Sunday showing the fatal shooting of a 74-year-old Cleveland man.
Justin Osofsky, Facebook's VP of global operations, issued a lengthy statement Monday detailing the timeline of video postings by Steve Stephens, a Cleveland man suspected of shooting Robert Godwin Sr. around 2 p.m. on Sunday. As of Monday evening, Stephens remained the focus of multi-state manhunt by Cleveland police and the FBI.
Osofsky reported that Stephens first posted a video threatening to kill someone, then posted the video of Godwin's shooting and then went on Facebook Live to confess to the murder and threaten more killings. So far, Cleveland police have not found any more victims. Facebook eventually removed the videos and de-activated Stephens' account.
“As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible,” Osofsky said. “In this case, we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted. We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.”
Facebook has come under fire for its reliance on users to flag violent or objectionable content. As Facebook seeks to become a more mainstream platform for advertising and high-end video content, the social media giant is under pressure to find ways to better police the tidal wave of content published daily by its more than 1.8 billion global users.
Here is Osofsky's full statement:
On Sunday morning, a man in Cleveland posted a video of themselves announcing their intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of themselves shooting and killing an elderly man. A few minutes after that, they went live, confessing to the murder. It was a horrific crime — one that has no place on Facebook, and goes against our policies and everything we stand for.
As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible. In this case, we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted. We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.
We disabled the suspect's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind. But we know we need to do better.
In addition to improving our reporting flows, we are constantly exploring ways that new technologies can help us make sure Facebook is a safe environment. Artificial intelligence, for example, plays an important part in this work, helping us prevent the videos from being reshared in their entirety. (People are still able to share portions of the videos in order to condemn them or for public awareness, as many news outlets are doing in reporting the story online and on television). We are also working on improving our review processes. Currently, thousands of people around the world review the millions of items that are reported to us every week in more than 40 languages. We prioritize reports with serious safety implications for our community, and are working on making that review process go even faster.
Keeping our global community safe is an important part of our mission. We are grateful to everyone who reported these videos and other offensive content to us, and to those who are helping us keep Facebook safe every day.
Timeline of Events
11:09AM PDT — First video, of intent to murder, uploaded. Not reported to Facebook.
11:11AM PDT — Second video, of shooting, uploaded.
11:22AM PDT — Suspect confesses to murder while using Live, is live for 5 minutes.
11:27AM PDT — Live ends, and Live video is first reported shortly after.
12:59PM PDT — Video of shooting is first reported.
1:22PM PDT — Suspect's account disabled; all videos no longer visible to public.
(Pictured: Steve Stephens from a Facebook video)
LAHORE, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of
Pakistan was celebrated in the provincial capital with great
enthusiasm on Monday.
On this occasion impressive ceremonies to highlight the
importance of the day were held across the city.
Special prayers were offered for the integrity, solidarity
and prosperity of Pakistan after Namaz-e-Fajr.
All Formations and Units of Lahore Garrison celebrated the
day with national zeal and the day dawned with 21-gun salutes.
A change of guard ceremony was held at the mausoleum of
great Poet Dr Allama Muhammad Iqbal where a smartly turned out
contingent of Pakistan Army, took over the guard duties from
Pakistan Rangers.
Later, Major General Muhammad Aamer, Garrison Commander
Lahore laid a floral wreath at Mazar-e-Iqbal to pay homage
to the National Poet and offered Fateha.
A flag hoisting ceremony was held at all the Formation
Headquarters and Units of the Garrison. National Flag was
hoisted at Corps Headquarters, Lahore by Brigadier Muhammad
Shahab Aslam. Message of Chief of Army Staff General Qamar
Javed Bajwa, was read out to the troops in special gatherings.
The students of various schools also presented the
colourful programmes including national songs, tableau and
speeches to highlight the importance of the Independence Day.
Ceremonies of national flag hoisting in different
institutions were the special feature of the day.
The main function of Independence Day celebrations was
held in the Hazoori Bagh where Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad
Shehbaz Sharif was the chief guest. They hoisted national flag.
Shehbaz Sharif also visited the mausoleum of Dr Allama
Muhammad Iqbal, a great poet of East, and laid a floral wreath
on their grave, besides offering “Fateha” for the great philosopher.
Punjab Assembly Speaker Rana Muhammad Iqbal Khan unfurled
national flag at the Assembly building and prayed to Allah
Almighty for progress and prosperity of Pakistan.
A flag hoisting ceremony was held at Nazria Trust Pakistan
(NPT).
The NPT Chairman Muhammad Rafiq Tarar along with Karkunan-i-Tehreek-i-Pakistan hoisted the national flag. On
the occasion, “Dua” was also offered for the martyrs of Pakistan
Movement.
A graceful ceremony was held at Pakistan Railways Headquarters
to mark the Independence Day of Pakistan.
National songs were played and police band also performed
at the ceremony. Sweets were also distributed among the employees.
Flag hositing ceremonies were also held at Punjab University,
WAPDA House, Lahore Hight Court to celebrate the Independence Day
with national zeal. An impressive flag lowering ceremony was held
at Wagah Border which was witnessed by a large number of people.
The national flag hoisting ceremonies featuring national
anthem and milli songs were also organized in all the main
educational institutions of the matropolitan city.
Another most important and regular feature of Independence Day
in the city was the stalls of accessories and decorations of
Independence Day. This time also, a large number of stalls were set up since start of the month of August for the convenience of the Independence Day celebrators across the city where they bought badges, buntings and other decorative items of their choice.
This activity not only enriched the Independence Day celebrations but
also became a source of livelihood for a number of families.
At night, all the public and major private buildings/offices were
profusely decorated and illuminated in various parts of the city especially the public and private buildings alongside The Mall. While, hundreds of
motorcyclists in rallies and groups rushed to the main city roads. They were chanting slogans of “Pakistan Zinda Baad” and sang milli songs to express their love and affection with the motherland.
The Radio Pakistan, PTV and all the private TV channels aired special
programmes highlighting the importance of the Independence Day, while all the newspapers also published detailed writings in this regard.
The law enforcement agencies made tight security arrangements on this
occasion.
Weezer Gives In To Fans And Covers Toto's 'Africa' At the behest of a 14-year-old fan who launched a Twitter campaign, Weezer covered one of the Internet's favorite songs, "Africa." The band also covered Toto's "Roseanna."
OTTAWA — Only weeks after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada was prepared to offer helicopters, aircraft and hundreds of troops to peacekeeping, the number of Canadians on UN missions reached a new low, new figures indicate.
Canada had a total of 43 peacekeepers deployed around the world at the end of December, according to the most recent UN numbers, down from 62 in November.
The decline, largely the result of a reduction in the number of Canadian police officers deployed to Haiti, means Canada has fewer peacekeepers in the field than at any point since the 1950s.
That's despite the Liberals having repeatedly promised to ramp up Canada's contributions to UN missions — most recently by pledging equipment, troops and trainers at a peacekeeping summit that Canada hosted in November.
Canadian and UN officials say the two sides are working to identify when and where those pledges will be utilized, but they have declined to provide any timeline for when a decision will come.
Walter Dorn, an expert on peacekeeping at the Canadian Forces College in Toronto who has been tracking the numbers, said the current situation is shameful given the Trudeau government's repeated promises.
"Canada is at its lowest level since Lester B. Pearson proposed the first peacekeeping force in 1956," Dorn said. "This is hypocrisy, coming after the promises and lofty rhetoric of the Vancouver ministerial."
The Liberals promised during the last federal election to renew Canada's commitment to peacekeeping, and pledged in August 2016 to make up to 600 troops and 150 police officers available for future missions.
Canada had 112 peacekeepers in the field at the time of that promise.
Trudeau announced in Vancouver in November that Canada was offering helicopters, a transport aircraft and a 200-member rapid reaction force for use on UN missions, as well as trainers to help other countries with peacekeeping.
Two of the world's largest and most successful quantitative hedge funds have won approval to launch domestic funds in China, becoming the latest in a steady stream of western firms to gain onshore status in the vast and fast-growing market.
Winton, with $30bn under management, and Bridgewater Associates, the $160bn US firm often referred to as the world's largest hedge fund, have both been granted authorisation from the Asset Management Association of China, an organisation that combines the roles of trade body and semi-official...
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 6:48 pm |
A blue whale estimated to be 45 to 60 feet long was seen in the Gulf of Eilat on Wednesday, the first time the giant marine creature has been positively identified in Israeli coastal waters.
Dafna Feingold, who coordinates aquatic mammal data for the Israel Marine Mammal Research & Assistance Center (IMMRAC) told Ynet that “this is the first piece of evidence of the existence of a new species in the Red Sea. It's the first time unequivocal photographic proof of a blue whale in the Gulf of Suez and the Red Sea came to light.”
As big as it is, Feingold said the whale is probably not yet fully grown. Whales of this kind can reach up to 100 feet and weigh up to 130 tons.
They added that while it was possible a blue whale may have previously visited Israel's shores, this was the first documented sighting.
“The reason they aren't often seen in our region is that they don't have enough food (here), and I imagine it will be making its way to the southern Red Sea before long,” they explained.
Dr. Assaf Zvuloni, head biologist of the national marine reserve in Eilat, noted that, “Israel and the gulf of Eilat were a long way away from its area of distribution. The size of the specimen was observed to be at least 20 meters (60 feet), based on measurements comparing it to IMMRAC's pier.”
Zvuloni said the whale may actually be larger when taking into account parts of its body that were submerged in the water at the time of sighting.
“This is a highly exciting sighting. Whales sometimes migrate great distances,” they said. “On occasion, certain specimens increase their migrations range. This wasn't the first time whales have been sighted in the Gulf of Eilat, but never one of this size.”
What do you get when you combine an airshow, a warplane and an excited 18-year-old? Black Press' very own Baneet Braich got the chance to take some twists and turns thousands of feet above the ground at the Abbotsford Airshow with pilot Geoff Latter.
The Ontario-born pilot has been flying since they were just 12 years old, leaving Braich in very good hands as they took to the skies in the Nanchang CJ-6A, also know as Nancy.
And it is back. The self-proclaimed retired Floyd Mayweather is again teasing (referencing Omar Little from The Wire) a match in the octagon on social media. Obviously, in doing so, they are hinting at a match with Conor McGregor.
Come at the king, you best not miss… pic.twitter.com/uHx4SJngHx — Floyd Mayweather (@FloydMayweather) February 1, 2018
Just a day before, McGregor played along posting the phrase they often did to promote their lucrative boxing match this past summer:
At this point, these posts are nothing more than an experiment to draw attention to the two inactive fighters, but it shows there is potential here.
The UFC is approaching its two-year anniversary for when it was sold for an unprecedented $4 billion to WME-IMG. At the time, the sport was coming off a period where they were breaking records and bursting into the mainstream with stars like McGregor and Ronda Rousey (now a full-time member of the WWE), of course, this is no longer the case.
As we've seen with Tiger Woods in golf, these individual sports are as popular as their top stars, and right now, the UFC is lacking just that.
The only buzz the UFC has created over the past year is topping itself in record low ratings. In April, the UFC on FOX hit its lowest ratings in their history only to be topped again just this past Saturday (excluding the Aug. 27, 2016, show that was preempted in many markets). It was also a lackluster year in PPV events.
With the UFC in the process of negotiating a new rights deal, the only way for the company to regain the power in negotiations is producing a massive fight.
Can confirm Fox initial offer for UFC rights in the $200M range, as first reported by @Ourand_SBJ. UFC sale document said rights were worth as much as $450M. Don't believe WME/IMG ever thought that was realistic. — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) November 27, 2017
And unfortunately for them, they do not have that matchup on their current roster. Therefore, they must give in, and give Mayweather and McGregor anything they want to fight each other in the octagon.
Very few things in the world of sports are certain in 2018, but these two fighting in any ring is sure to make a lot of money… a lot.
The last bout between the two reportedly made over $600 million, and a rematch this time in the UFC has a chance to make just as much. Remember, this one would attract the group buying to see the villainous, undefeated Mayweather surely get taken out in a sport they have no chance in.
The issue, however, is unlike boxing, the UFC takes most of the money. The fighters do not make nearly as much in a more regulated sport like the UFC.
And anyone who follows Mayweather on Instagram or has heard them talk for just a minute knows there is only one thing that moves him: money. It will take an unforeseen amoung to get “Money” Mayweather inside the octagon with someone as dangerous as McGregor, but it is safe to assume with their recent teases, they would at least consider it for the right dollar amount.
That is why Dana White and the UFC must make it happen even if it means giving the two fighters a ridiculous amount of the profit. McGregor wants ownership, Mayweather is now in the promotion business, if the UFC can satisfy those needs as well, it will be a win-win-win for all three parties.
The UFC must go out of their comfort zone and make this fight happen.
by Christine Stuart | Mar 19, 2018 11:30am Google ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: CT Tech Junkie, Media Matters
HARTFORD, CT — Sen. Bob Duff and Rep. Derek Slap are teaming up to ask Connecticut's attorney general to investigate and possibly file a separate lawsuit to block the AT&T and Time Warner merger.
No state has yet decided to join the anti-trust lawsuit that opens today.
The estimated $85.4 billion acquisition was almost completed until the U.S. Justice Department stepped in to block it last November. One theory for the last-minute decision was that since Time Warner owns CNN, a network President Donald Trump hates that Justice is stepping in to block it as a favor to the president.
“Sometimes people do the right thing for the wrong reasons,” Duff and Slap wrote in a letter to Attorney General George Jepsen. “President Trump's well known animus against CNN has fueled their opposition to the deal. Many people are speculating that DOJ is suing to block the merger to curry favor with the President.”
However, the judge hearing the case has not allowed AT&T's discovery requests for any White House communications on the matter.
The government says the merger will be bad for consumers and that's why it's attempting to block it outright.
“Consumers will end up paying hundreds of millions of dollars more than they do now to watch their favorite programs on TV,” the Justice Department stated in court filings.
AT&T, the telecommunications giant, which owns DirecTV and U-verse, argues that it would benefit consumers. They say Justice is using a false narrative to make assumptions about how it would operate. They argue the merger is necessary to compete with big tech giants like Google, Amazon, and even Apple, which are beginning to move toward their own streaming services and television programming.
Connecticut lawmakers worry more about what the merger would mean for net neutrality.
“It is impossible to assess the AT&T/ Time Warner merger without taking into consideration the impact that the Trump Administration FCC's proposed net neutrality rollback would have,” Duff and Slap wrote. “AT&T is the third-largest broadband provider in the United States, with 15.7 million subscribers. And they own DirecTV, by far the largest satellite television provider with over 20 million subscribers. If the Trump Administration is successful in fully implementing its net neutrality repeal, but is unsuccessful in blocking the AT&T / Time Warner merger, it would create a nightmare scenario for consumers.”
Jaclyn Severance, a spokesperson for Jepsen, thanked the lawmakers for their letter.
“Since it was announced over a year ago, we have carefully evaluated the AT&T/Time Warner merger from an antitrust perspective, including its potential impacts with respect to the availability of content through streaming or other delivery means,” Severance said. “We have undertaken that review in connection with a number of other states as is typical for a merger of national scope. While no state, to this point, has concluded that joining the DOJ's lawsuit to block the merger is warranted, our review remains open. As a result, we cannot comment further at this time on that matter. As the letter notes, we continue to work with a coalition of states to challenge in court the FCC's effort to repeal net neutrality protections. That challenge, which is in its early stages, remains a matter of high priority for our office.”
The trial, which is expected to start this week in U.S. District Court in D.C., will last an estimated two months. It's a bench trial which means Judge Richard Deon, who approved the 2011 merger between Comcast and NBCUniversal, will decide the case.
It's time to face facts: Employees throughout the world are are struggling to compete in a fast-moving and dynamic global job market, thanks to an unprecedented number of technological advancements and highly linked information networks.
The pace of transformational technological change has been greater in the past few decades than we have seen in all of human history. We are now living in a period of exponential growth. These technologies are beneficial in the long term, but they often come with a short-term displacement of jobs, which creates workforce anxiety and temporary unemployment.
For example, think of the most ubiquitous type of employment in the world: drivers of motorized vehicles. Just this week, Uber started deploying self-driving UberX cars on the streets of San Francisco, after three months of testing them in Pittsburgh.
While it's a small-scale deployment for now (and Uber still needs to have a human driver at the wheel as a backup), this will lead to a huge decline in driver jobs. Imagine the possible displacement of these jobs once we are able to deploy driverless cars at scale. We simply won't need many human drivers, so what will happen to all these workers?
Combine that with advancements in artificial intelligence (AI), and some experts think that between one-third and one-half of the world's jobs are vulnerable to being replaced by automation. Today, it's Uber drivers who have to start thinking about their next source of income. Tomorrow, it could be almost half of us.
The upshot is that we do not have an unemployment problem, we have a jobs mismatch challenge. Such mismatches have happened many times in history, especially in times of rapid unexpected rapid changes to the economy.
So what can we do about this, and how?
We can take advantage of the same technologies that are displacing our workers and point them more aggressively towards education that specifically helps retrain our workforce. This can be done on an ongoing basis throughout one's career, and we can do this today at scale and at an affordable price.
In short, the technologies like big data, AI, cloud technologies and consumer mobile apps are all available, but the focus and level of urgency placed on education is simply not there. Education should be a mandatory company benefit, for example, just like health benefits are today. Companies must now rethink how they treat employees, and employees also need to rethink how they think about their own careers.
Both must invest heavily in constant, life-long practical training. We need to create a working class that's fundamentally anchored to a self-empowered entrepreneurial attitude, not a specific skill or trade. In other words, we need to create agile and malleable life-long learners, not “set-in-their ways” craftsmen and women.
Failing to Train the Workforce
The stark reality is that the vast majority of employees don't feel that their companies are doing enough to give them the skills they need to grow and advance. According to a recent survey done by my firm, a mere 11 percent of U.S. employees feel that their company provides them with the skills needed to move up.
This is a huge missed opportunity because the opportunity to learn new skills and to grow is one of the most important aspects of a job. That's especially true for millennials, who view their jobs as stepping stones to advance their careers. As a result, one LinkedIn study found, millennials hop between jobs twice as fast as the previous generation.
For workers further along in their careers, the lack of opportunities to learn new skills can lead to workplace lock-in, where people get stuck in the same job or role year after year, rather than learning new skills that can help them (and their companies) grow in new ways. This “lock-in” is very dangerous in a world where technology is rapidly making many jobs obsolete. For a mid-career worker with a young family and big bills, the prospect of their job being made obsolete by a computer is very scary. lt's no surprise that feeling “locked in” with a job leads to unhappiness and anxiety, as one European survey found.
Neglecting employee education costs companies, too. A workforce that turns over too rapidly can become a drain on resources and morale. A 2012 study found that replacing an employee costs about 20% of that employee's annual salary, so the greater a company's turnover, the more money it's burning on replacing staff. The startup community, in particular, feels this strain acutely: With so much pressure to create rapid growth, tech startups often don't prioritize employee growth and training. As a result, they often let high-quality talent go out the door who search –for good reason– for better options that diversify their skills.
The Alternative: Continuous Education
There is an alternative. Companies can embrace education as part of their commitment to employees, adding education benefits and integrating them into employment contracts via online courses and other educational technologies (edtech).
In fact, according to our survey, 74 percent of employees believe they learned the majority of their day-to-day skills in the workplace. According to Udemy, 80 percent of millennials say they would be more likely to stay in a job that provided them opportunities to learn. Udemy also suggested that employers can reduce boredom by tailoring educational opportunities (“learning paths”) for each employee.
Individualized learning paths at work might sound like the kind of special-snowflake privileges that only really big, rich Silicon Valley companies provide, like sushi bars and meditation rooms. That cannot be farther from the truth. Edtech makes this approach accessible to a much wider variety of organizations in many different ways. If edtech is global and affordable, why shouldn't employees in all parts of the US benefit from education and retraining?
In order to prepare yourself for the future and avoid being eaten by software, you absolutely need to start thinking about education as an integral part of your life,even after college.
Online classrooms can also be more interactive and engaging: Students become teachers, helping to teach other students, in an environment designed around two-way interaction and immediate feedback. This peer-to-peer scenario also makes perfect sense in the workplace, where the person across the office from you may be the exact expert you need to learn from What's more, with online education employees don't have to travel to time-wasting offsite training sessions. They can learn on their own time, through online courseware or hybrid online-offline “flipped classroom” models.
Finally, big datasets derived from massive education marketplaces like Udemy, Coursera and Lynda are bringing about a generational shift in how education is delivered. The more data we can collect about how people learn, the more effectively we will be in teaching them. Companies and employees alike can benefit from the rapid, data-driven advances in educational techniques that edtech companies are pioneering.
In short, edtech is changing the way learning happens, making it more compatible with what today's employees and their companies need. More importantly, edtech can deliver education at a pace that can actually keep up with the fast pace of our economy and workplace needs.
But don't wait for your employer to train you. In order to prepare yourself for the future and avoid being eaten by software, you absolutely need to start thinking about education as an integral part of your life, even after college. Lifelong learning is the only path forward to a brighter and more profitable future.
Dish Network is reshuffling the management of its Sling TV division with the departure of Roger Lynch, the exec who built the over-the-top pay-TV service, who is exiting to join streaming-music company Pandora as president and CEO.
Dish said it will move oversight of Sling TV under the purview of Erik Carlson, Dish's president and COO and a veteran of 20-plus years of the company, effective Aug. 31.
Carlson joined the satellite TV operator in 1995. They oversee the company's day-to-day operations including HR, operations and information technology, media sales, marketing, programming, acquisition and retention, finance, and accounting organizations. Carlson will continue to report to Dish chairperson and CEO Charlie Ergen.
“Roger built a fantastic team that will take Sling TV into the bright future ahead, and I wish Roger the best in their new endeavor,” Ergen said in a statement. They said Carlson “is positioned to fully support and grow our enterprise's portfolio, including our Sling TV asset, as we work to connect 100% of the country through satellite, OTT, wireless and even digital over-the-air offerings.”
Most recently, Carlson served as VP of operations, overseeing Dish's In-Home Services, Customer Service Centers, Customer Billing, and IT organizations, as well as Manufacturing, which consists of equipment retrieval and refurbishment operations. Prior to that, they managed the company's indirect sales operations as SVP of retail services and sales. Carlson received a bachelor's degree in business from Bradley University.
French President, Emmanuel Macron, yesterday bluntly said their country cannot help Nigeria and Africa solve the problem of insecurity but would intervene, especially, in the fight against terrorism.
Macron who visited President Muhammadu Buhari in the State House, Abuja, encouraged the Nigerian president and other African leaders to provide enabling economic and political environments for young people.
The French president, who stated this while answering questions on what assistance France could render to Nigeria over the violence being unleashed on citizens by herdsmen, said even though France would intervene in some of the challenges facing African countries especially in the war against terrorism, it is not the responsibility of their country to solve African problems.
According to him, it is very important that African countries organise themselves in the fight against terrorism and get rid of Islamic jihad.
They said: “First of all, I think the main plan is an African plan and France is not the one to solve or fix African situations. So, what we want to do is that we will intervene and make our presence in Africa and Sahel to fight against terrorism especially in Mali and in the region. And we will stay as long as it is requested by our friends especially Mali.
“We discussed yesterday (Monday) about this issue. But what is important to me is how the different African governments organise themselves to fight against terrorism and get rid of these people and especially jihadism.
“That's is why I do accompany and promote the G5/Sahel Initiatives, and I think as far as we are organised, Nigeria, Niger, Chad, and Cameroon are very important against Boko Haram,” they said.
Macron also said it was imperative for African leaders to know the reason young people join different terrorist groups and put machinery in place to address it.
“Now, we have better understanding ISIS, why many people are convinced to join these jihadists and these terrorists. That was what we discussed and this is the second part of your question, because sometimes, it is economic and ethnic crisis. And that is why it is very important to build not just the security approach but the stabilisation approach at the same time, to provide new opportunities to these people and convoy two massages.
“Your governments will take care of you. I mean provide security and secondly, your governments can provide opportunities for you. And the best support is not to join crazy people and buy a bunch of guns and do crazy things. It is not opportunity to have any more opportunities. I think is very important.
“That is why I want to accompany different governments and leaders whose main objective is precisely to provide economic projects. I would say inclusive economic and cultural projects, where you provide the way for your young people to get education, jobs as well as to be proud of what you are. I think its extremely important.
“Because in a certain way, what we are experiencing today in Europe is also threatened by terrorism. That is moral crisis. That is cultural crisis. So, not just the issue about security, that for me, is the way to proceed,” they said.
In their briefing, Buhari said they discussed issues bordering on security in the Sahel and thanked France for its support in the fight against terrorism.
Meanwhile, President Macron has explained the rationale behind their decision to visit the African Shrine in Lagos last night, describing it as an “iconic place for African people and culture.”
The French president disclosed that having worked in Nigeria for about 15 years ago, their return to the country this time as a president which they never imagined at that time, was an emotional come-back for him.
According to him, this visit was a good opportunity to return to the African Shrine, noting that apart from the personal pleasure derivable from it, the African Shrine showcases the importance of African culture.
They said they had fond memories of African Shrine. According to him, Fela and their sons, Femi and Seun, are famous names not only in France but also in the entire Europe.
Macron said: “First, because I wanted to find a good occasion to come back there, I know the place and I have some memories. I have to confess that at a time that there will be no president around, I hope I will not spoil the party.
“First, I think that it is such an iconic place for a lot of African people and African culture. And I think very often, when you speak of the African culture in Europe, those who are successful in Europe and in France, which is different most of the time are not dramatically very famous in Nigeria or in Africa. And there is a bias because you know people are absolutely not the same.
“I mean Fela, Femi, Seun Kuti are obviously very famous in France and Europe, I mean they are big successes but the Shrine is a cultural hub, an iconic hub and it is very important for me, first on a personal level, and that is why I want to say with a lot of humility that I recognise the importance of this place. I recognise the place of culture in this current environment.”
Meanwhile, in Lagos last night, Macron challenged African leaders to change the negative image of the continent by providing a new narrative.
This, they said, is the only way the continent can move forward.
“We have to build together a new narrative that is not based on what is important to Europe but what is important for Africa. How the continent want to import their culture,” they said.
The French president however, pointed out that to achieve this, Africans must first of all reconcile with their past.
They added that the history of Africa is a complicated one because of the image projected outside.
While not totally agreeing that the image is always negative, they however said that it was possible to correct that image.
“Some people say Nigeria is unique, some other people say it's a place of terrorism. The two messages are true at the same time. Africa is a young continent and I believe it is possible to change. All we need is to let African people speak about Africa. You always use a biased approach to tell your story. What we need is your generation of artists, journalists, civil servants to speak and explain about Africa. This is the way to change and make a new Africa. European leaders cannot lead Africa. Africans have to build their own future here.”
The president who has a history with the continent, said they have a different view from other European leaders because they respect the zeal of African youths, especially Nigerian youths
They lauded the Kutis for their commitment in promoting the Nigerian culture through the activities in the shrine.
He, however, encouraged Nigerian youths to be active participants in the politics of the country.
As part of their contribution to rewriting the narrative of Africa, Macron announced the Season of African Cultures 2020, a series of events that will promote the African culture, from arts to entertainment.
They said the event would be financed and promoted by African leaders and businesses.
During their official visit, the president was given a tour of the shrine.
 They are the first sitting France President to visit the Shrine.
Responding to questions from television personality, Keturah King, Macron said Europeans leaders should dictate to Africans how to run their affairs, rather they envisaged a situation where African leaders take fresh initiatives to improve the living condition of their people.
According to them two-third of the population in Africa are under 25 years and did not witness colonisation. They challenged African youths in the creative industry, media and civil society to tell the world about their African experience.
Describing the New African Shrine as an iconic centre for the propagation of African culture, they confessed that they had no problem accepting the invitation from Trace Television to an evening of African cultural showcase at the Shrine because it was not in their place to choose where to go or what to see in Africa.
Macron also emphasised that Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, creator of the Afrobeat genre of music who built the original African Shrine, was not just a musician, but a politician and rights campaigner whose message was still relevant today.
Lagos State Governor Akinwunmi Ambode described the French President as an inspiration to African youths, saying that Macron was welcome to enjoy the famed hospitality of the Shrine.
They also noted that the spirit and energy in Lagos was not different from what was obtainable on the streets of Paris.
A Chinese-language over-the-top provider is hitting back at claims that it stole thousands of hours of programming from Sky Link TV.
iTalkBB, which provides phone and internet service to Chinese and Korean citizens living abroad, says it obtained a license and paid to distribute Sky Link's content.
“Sky Link made its programming available; its representatives made all the physical connections between the servers that allowed its programming to be shown, and its agent invoiced iTalk and received payment,” said Michael E. Williams, iTalk's attorney. “The only surprise here is Sky Link's bogus claim that it knew nothing about this arrangement.”
Sky Link operates broadcast channels in Los Angeles and San Francisco that provide original programming in Mandarin and Cantonese. It is a subsidiary of Guangzhou Broadcasting Network (GZBN), a Chinese broadcaster.
The company filed an $80 million federal lawsuit last month, alleging that iTalk had infringed on 457 shows owned by Sky Link or GZBN. According to the suit, iTalk was offering Sky Link's content on a dedicated channel through its set-top box.
The suit alleges that iTalk repeatedly sought a license for Sky Link's programming, but was turned down. iTalk now alleges it was the other way around, and that Sky Link sought and obtained a licensing agreement. According to iTalk, Sky Link's agent sent monthly invoices and iTalk paid them until Sky Link terminated the agreement. At that point, iTalk says it removed Sky Link's content from its service.
Williams accused Sky Link of bringing the “frivolous” suit in an effort to cast a cloud over iTalk with Chinese content producers.
“Sky Link TV is trying to gain an unfair advantage in the marketplace by filing baseless claims against iTalk, knowing that iTalk is engaged in active negotiations with Chinese content providers for programming that Sky Link is also seeking to offer,” Williams said in a statement.
Sky Link's attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Tra Holder drops 29 points and dishes out seven assists as No. 16 Arizona State sends No. 2 Kansas to their second-straight loss 95-85. (1:02)
For the first time season, the No. 1 team in the country lost. Duke has been atop the rankings since the preseason, but the Blue Devils' slow starts finally caught up to them in a road loss to Boston College. If the NCAA tournament began tomorrow, Duke would still probably be the pick here to win it all -- but it's impossible to keep the Blue Devils at No. 1 right now.
So who's next? Last week's No. 2 team was Kansas, but the Jayhawks went out and lost to Washington and Arizona State in the state of Kansas.
Michigan State and Villanova would be next, and one can certainly make the case for either team.
But let's go a different direction: What about Arizona State?
The Sun Devils went to Lawrence and beat Kansas by 10 on Sunday, two weeks after they knocked off Xavier on a neutral court in Las Vegas. They also have wins over Kansas State, St. John's and San Diego State. Of their five best wins, only the San Diego State game took place in Tempe.
On the court, are they the best team in the country? That's absolutely up for debate. They have defensive issues and maybe their insane 3-point shooting (48 percent against Xavier, 50 percent against Kansas) isn't sustainable, but Ohio State transfer Mickey Mitchell gave them a few minutes on Sunday after not playing since the 2016 NIT and first-year student Kimani Lawrence should return soon. Until then, Tra Holder, Shannon Evans and the rest of the Sun Devils should hold down the fort.
What's not up for debate, though, is Arizona State's résumé. Right now, it's hard to make a case that any team in the country has a profile better than the Sun Devils. Villanova is undefeated, like Arizona State, and its two best wins are over Gonzaga and Tennessee. Michigan State has comparable wins over North Carolina and Notre Dame, but the Spartans also have a loss.
The crux of these power rankings is a season-long look. Teams don't automatically move up after a win or down after a loss. It's not purely an eye-test ranking, either, or else we could have Duke at No. 1 all season and that would be boring.
Arizona State put up 102 points on Xavier, 95 points at Kansas -- and has not lost a game yet. Will the Sun Devils be No. 1 on Selection Sunday? Will they be No. 1 when 2018 begins? We have no idea.
But right now, Arizona State has the best résumé in the country -- and that's good enough for No. 1.
Previous: Preseason | Week 1 | Week 2 | Week 3
1. Arizona State Sun Devils
Record: 9-0
Last week: 13
It's a big jump, for sure. And the metrics don't love the Sun Devils like we love the Sun Devils. But we'll see. Arizona State should keep this ranking for at least another two weeks with its next three games at home. Then comes the Pac-12 opener -- at Arizona.
2. Villanova Wildcats
Record: 10-0
Last week: 4
The Wildcats might be the best program in college basketball over the past five years, and they seem poised for another 1-seed in March. Oddly enough, they don't play another home game until 2018 -- their next four are on the road.
3. Michigan State Spartans
Record: 9-1
Last week: 3
Tom Izzo's group doesn't move up in the rankings despite losses for the two teams ahead of it last week. Michigan State might be the most impressive team in the country so far this season, from opening night until now, especially defensively.
4. Duke Blue Devils
Record: 11-1
Last week: 1
Duke should probably drop further after a bad loss to Boston College, but the Blue Devils still have several wins not a lot of teams can match: vs. Michigan State, vs. Texas, vs. Florida. All three came on neutral courts.
5. Wichita State Shockers
Record: 8-1
Last week: 9
The Shockers still don't have Markis McDuffie back from injury, but they've held serve -- aside from a one-point loss to Notre Dame in Maui. A win at Oklahoma State is better than it looks on paper, and they also won at Baylor.
6. North Carolina Tar Heels
Record: 9-1
Last week: 10
In what was supposed to be a down year in Chapel Hill, North Carolina is exceeding expectations -- and doing it without injured Cameron Johnson. Sunday brings a surprisingly-tough test, as the Tar Heels travel to 7-1 Tennessee.
7. Miami Hurricanes
Record: 8-0
Last week: 7
It's still hard to get a true handle on Miami, as a road win last month at Minnesota doesn't look as great as it did when it happened. Outside of that win, the Hurricanes haven't really done much. But they're 8-0 -- and now go on the road for a month.
8. Texas A&M Aggies
Record: 8-1
Last week: 5
Texas A&M's season-opening win over West Virginia still looks good, and wins over USC, Oklahoma State and Penn State boost the résumé, as well. The lone blemish is a loss to Arizona in Phoenix -- we can't penalize the Aggies too much for that one.
9. Kentucky Wildcats
Record: 8-1
Last week: 11
Well, it's about to get real for Kentucky. The Wildcats' best win up until this point was over Vermont, but we'll get a feel for them in the next few weeks. Home vs. Virginia Tech, neutral site vs. UCLA, home vs. Louisville -- and then SEC play begins.
10. Xavier Musketeers
Record: 9-1
Last week: 14
Xavier's loss to Arizona State in Las Vegas looks more acceptable every day, and the Musketeers have dominated outside of that game. The Musketeers took care of business this week against Kent State and Colorado to move into the top 10.
11. TCU Horned Frogs
Record: 10-0
Last week: 19
Perhaps the most consistent team in the Big 12 right now, TCU had a very impressive week -- even if it flew below the radar nationally. The Horned Frogs beat SMU at home and then knocked off Nevada at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
12. Seton Hall Pirates
Record: 8-1
Last week: 17
Since losing by one in Brooklyn to Rhode Island, Seton Hall has rattled off four straight wins, including victories over Texas Tech and Louisville. The Pirates demolished VCU on Saturday. Their in-state game at Rutgers comes this weekend.
13. Kansas Jayhawks
Record: 7-2
Last week: 2
What a bad week for the Jayhawks. They lost by nine in Kansas City to a Washington team whose previous best win was over Belmont, and then they fell at home by 10 to Arizona State. They have severe toughness and frontcourt issues.
14. Purdue Boilermakers
Record: 9-2
Last week: 20
Purdue continues to take care of business against good but not great opponents. After wins over Arizona, Louisville and Maryland, the Boilermakers beat previously unbeaten Valparaiso by 30 during the week before handling IUPUI.
15. Gonzaga Bulldogs
Record: 7-2
Last week: 12
Losing in New York City to Villanova is nothing for which to be ashamed, and Gonzaga bounced back nicely against a Washington team that was coming off a win over Kansas. This week gets easier, but a road trip to San Diego State looms next week.
16. West Virginia Mountaineers
Record: 9-1
Last week: 22
Bob Huggins and the Mountaineers have rolled since a blowout loss to Texas A&M in the season opener. They picked up their best win of the season last week, knocking off Virginia. Jevon Carter has been terrific, averaging 19.4 points, 6.0 assists and 3.8 steals.
17. Florida State Seminoles
Record: 9-0
Last week: NR
The week's highest-ranked newcomer, Florida State won at Florida to start the week, and then picked up a couple more wins to move to 9-0. Terance Mann has taken on a much bigger scoring load -- and is shooting 65 percent from the field. They had 25 against Florida.
18. Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Record: 8-2
Last week: 8
Notre Dame had to be ranked high after its win over Wichita State, but the 13-to-19 range is probably more realistic this season for the Irish. A loss to Ball State sent them spiraling downward in the rankings, but that win over the Shockers is still a nice trump card.
19. Virginia Cavaliers
Record: 8-1
Last week: 15
Virginia's metrics look great, and the Cavaliers are playing ridiculous defense -- but they fall a couple of spots after a loss to West Virginia. Kyle Guy is one of the low-key, must-watch players in America. When they get hot from 3, look out.
20. Tennessee Volunteers
Record: 7-1
Last week: 24
Rick Barnes has done a great job with the Vols this season, with their lone loss coming on a neutral court to Villanova -- by single digits. There's a win over Purdue, too. They have a chance to make a true statement on Sunday at home against North Carolina.
21. Arizona Wildcats
Record: 7-3
Last week: NR
Well, well, well -- look who's back. The preseason Final Four contender went from No. 2 to unranked after losing three straight. But a week that included wins over Texas A&M and Alabama gets the Wildcats back in the mix. Rawle Alkins' return will help.
22. Baylor Bears
Record: 7-2
Last week: 25
The loss of Terry Maston for a few weeks to injury will sting, as they were really starting to come on strong before getting hurt. The Bears are 2-1 without them and should rattle off a few more wins before Big 12 plays kicks off at Texas Tech.
23. Texas Tech Red Raiders
Record: 7-1
Last week: NR
Speaking of the Red Raiders, Chris Beard has been one of the most underrated coaches in the country for a few years now. In their 2½ seasons as a Division I head coach, Beard is now 55-20. Tuesday's win over Nevada was their best this season.
24. Arkansas Razorbacks
Record: 7-2
Last week: NR
There's the weird, 26-point loss at Houston, but the Razorbacks have one of the best collections of wins in the country. Saturday's home win over Minnesota gets them into the rankings, and they shouldn't relinquish their spot until SEC play starts.
25. Florida Gators
Record: 6-3
Last week: 6
Florida is hanging on for dear life after losing three straight to Duke, Florida State and Loyola Chicago. But the Gators bounced back to beat Cincinnati and now they have two wins most teams don't have: vs. Gonzaga and vs. Cincinnati.
Dropped out: Minnesota, Cincinnati, Nevada, Rhode Island
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Firefighters in Indonesia are struggling to contain a blaze at an oil well in the northwestern province of Aceh that killed ten people and injured as many as 40, authorities said on Wednesday.
Flames towered over houses and trees as firefighters hosed down the area while villagers watched, in pictures posted on social media by Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, the spokesperson of Indonesia's disaster mitigation agency.
“We are still collecting data on the number of victims because the fire has not been extinguished yet,” the agency said in a statement.
The fire broke out in the east Aceh district in the early hours of Wednesday, after a well of depth 250 metres (820 ft) overflowed and residents gathered to collect the oil, the agency added.
Dozens of people were being rushed to hospital in the provincial capital of Banda Aceh, it said, adding that state oil firm Pertamina was providing equipment to help control the fire.
The head of police in east Aceh said the oil well might have been drilled illegally and the fire might have been started when someone was smoking a cigarette.
“We suspect this is a well drilled by the community...and we suspect there was someone smoking in the area at the time,” said police official Wahyu Kuncoro. The number of injured stood at 40, they added.
Such illegal drilling is common in Aceh, where Pertamina operates an oil field.
Aug 11, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland serves against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
REUTERS - Roger Federer reached the Rogers Cup semi-finals on Friday after coming to the net early and often in a straight sets victory over Roberto Bautista Agut on a windy day in Montreal.
World number three Federer, who faces Dutchman Robin Haase in the last four, was never seriously pushed by Spain's Bautista Agut, who is winless in seven matches against the Swiss maestro.
"I think it pays off playing aggressive here in Montreal," Federer said in a courtside interview after their 6-4 6-4 win over the 12th seed.
"Plus I feel comfortable at the net so why not spend some time up there instead of slugging it out from the baseline?"
Federer opened the second set with a break and cruised through the rest of the match, which lasted just over an hour.
Aug 11, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain serves against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
With world number two Rafael Nadal eliminated on Thursday by 18-year-old Canadian Denis Shapovalov and world number one Andy Murray sidelined by a rib injury, Federer has an opportunity to regain their world number one ranking.
Slideshow (5 Images)
They would need to win the Rogers Cup and have an equal or better finish than Nadal at the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati next week to become the world number one on Aug. 21.
"Now that Rafa is out I know I can make big strides, especially if I was to go further than the semis here. But it's all connected to great play," said the Australian Open and Wimbledon champion.
In the other quarter-finals, Shapovalov came from a set down to beat Adrian Mannarino of France 2-6 6-3 6-4, and Germany's Alexander Zverev dismissed South Africa's Kevin Anderson in straight sets, 7-5 6-4.
Earlier, Haase recovered to defeat Argentine Diego Schwartzman 4-6 6-3 6-3 in their quarter-final.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest drama from the BBC, written by award-winning Abi Morgan, centres around a successful family of divorce lawyers and the struggles they face at work as they delve into their clients' private lives whilst trying to maintain the perfect balance of compassion and professionalism.
At the core of the plot is Hannah Stern, played by Nicola Walker , who has broken away from the family firm Defoe after their mother refused to hand over control, to join the larger company Noble & Hale.
But while Hannah is dealing with the marital strife of others, she's neglected their own with husband Nathan, played by Stephen Mangan .
The cast is largely female led and according to the Radio Times, 80 per cent of the heads of department in production were female, which is rare for a prime time BBC drama, but perhaps a sign of the changing times.
Let's meet the cast...
Nicola Walker as Hannah Sterne
(Image: BBC)
Nicola is a glamorous, confident lawyer who has bravely jumped ship from the family company to join a rival.
They manage to show their clients a warm side as they keep up the professionalism required in such a responsible position. Nicola met some real life lawyers to research the role.
Whlie they may be an expert at work, their home life needs more attention and they have begun questioning their own marriage.
Nicola has previously starred in Four Weddings and a Funeral, Touching Evil, Unforgotten, Spooks, Last Tango in Halifax and Collateral among many other TV and stage shows.
Stephen Mangan as Nathan Sterne
(Image: BBC)
Nathan is as likeable as their wife and the couple share three children. They told the Radio Times why the seemingly perfect couple aren't happy.
“It's gone a bit stale, work has taken over family life and everything's so busy, but like a lot of marriages we've taken it for granted.”
Stephen is a well known face and has starred in a lot of hit shows, such as Green Wing, I'm Alan Partridge and Epsiodes.
Deborah Findlay as Ruth Defoe
(Image: BBC)
No nonsense Ruth is head of the female divorce lawyer firm Defoe. They raised their three daughters alone after their husband left the family when they were young and never returned.
Hannah has struggled with their mother's refusal to hand over the company and step down.
As Ruth hits their milestone 70 birthdays, they have the shock of their life when their husband returns.
Deborah's previous credits include Collateral, alongside Nicola as Eleanor Shaw, The Lady in the Van, Hampstead, Agatha Christie's Poirot and the original Top Girls.
Anthony Head as Oscar
(Image: BBC)
Possibly the least popular character in the drama, Scott walked out on their wife and young family 30 years previously with no explanation, so their return isn't exactly welcome.
They approach Hannah in a park and gives them a card for Ruth's birthday.
Anthony's previous hits include Buffy the Vampire Slayer, as Rupert Giles, Merlin, Girlfriends and the Prime Minister in Little Britain.
 They are due to star in vanity Fair.
Annabel Scholey as Nina Defoe
(Image: BBC)
Hannah's younger sister is Nina and they still work at the family firm Defoe. They carry the genetic trait of being a strong woman and is also a bit of a flirt.
They have recently starred in Being Human, Britannia and Medici: Masters of Florence.
Fiona Button as Rose Defoe
(Image: BBC)
Rose is the youngest of the daughters and has not chosen to go into law.  They are a nanny and is seen trying to work out what they really wants to do.
She's engaged to James.
Fiona has previously starred in Grantchester, My Mother and Other Strangers, Outcasts, Midsomer Murders and lots of theatre.
Stephen Tompkinson as Davey McKenzie
(Image: BBC)
Davey is a successful sportswear business person who is divorcing their childhood sweetheart Goldie.
They ask Hannah's firm Noble & Hale to handle their case.
Telly favourite Stephen has been in many hits most notably DCI Banks as DCI Banks, Drop the Dead Donkey, Ballykissangel and Chancer.
Meera Syal as Goldie McKenzie
(Image: BBC)
Goldie has no idea their husband wants to split and they are left fighting for their right to the family business whilst battling them heartache.
Meera is best known for being one of the creators of Goodness Gracious Me and played the grandmother in The Kumars at No 42.
They have also been in Broadchurch and Paddington 2.
The Split starts on Tuesday April 24 on BBC1 at 9pm and continues for six weeks.
From 2-4 p.m. every weekday, Brooke Baldwin is the captain of CNN.
As the solo anchor of the afternoon edition of “CNN Newsroom,” they chart the course for the topics discussed and the guests who flow through their fast-paced two-hour show.
Baldwin's spare desk-and-chair set sits in the center of an expansive newsroom on the fifth floor of Time Warner Center in Manhattan. She's surrounded by dozens of reporters, producers, editors, researchers, and technicians clackity-clacking away on computers. CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker's office is just steps away. Baldwin's colleagues make no particular effort to keep quiet while she's on the air. The ambient noise of journalists at work is part of the “CNN Newsroom” soundtrack.
Baldwin also is knee-deep in the hunt for stories. They spend the first part of their day working with exec producer Eric Hall to assemble a solid lineup of “Newsroom” segments. They research and takes copious notes on a host of the morning's timely subjects and headlines. More often than not, most of the advance planning goes out the window because of news that breaks while she's on the air. Which is just fine by the captain.
“It's a crazy thing to hold down two hours of live television every day,” Baldwin says. “You're flying down this highway with objects being thrown at you and obstacles in the way. It's a matter of getting through those two hours and telling stories in an appropriate way to really make [viewers] feel and think and be smarter and more engaged.”
Veronica Cerri for Variety
Baldwin is representative of a younger generation of women in TV news who have walked confidently through the doors opened by their predecessors in the 1970s and '80s. Across the major news networks, the prominence of women in top-level on-air and behind the scenes roles was unmistakable during the elongated and eventful 2016 presidential election cycle. Among the correspondents who gained air time and recognition for dogged work during the grueling campaign were CNN's Dana Bash, Brianna Keilar, and Sara Murray; NBC News and MSNBC's Katy Tur, Kristen Welker, and Hallie Jackson; CBS News' Nancy Cordes; Fox News' Jennifer Griffin; and ABC News' Cecilia Vega.
Among cable opinion hosts, MSNBC's Rachel Maddow has been riding a post-election ratings surge. Maddow's audience in March exceeded even that of longtime cable news kingpin Bill O'Reilly in the adults 25-54 demographic, pulling MSNBC out of the ratings cellar. Moreover, their influence has grown as the media has emerged from its post-election daze. Maddow has become the preeminent voice of liberal outrage at the Trump administration's policy agenda.
Industry veterans say the fact that the field of Republican candidates was wide open for so long helped create opportunities for experienced political reporters — and plenty of those happened to be women.
“That demand resulted in more women being in a position to report in front of the camera and to be on the ground in a decision-making capacity,” says Yvette Miley, a 25-year news pro who is senior VP of NBC News and MSNBC.
The prevalence of female journalists on the campaign trail didn't happen overnight — it reflects the steady progress of women taking on beats that had been previously reserved for men, from the White House and Congress to the Pentagon and the Supreme Court to the front lines of global conflicts.
The expansion of women in high-visibility roles was fitting for a year in which Hillary Clinton made history as the first female presidential nominee of a major party.
“It's very gratifying to see the culmination of all the years that people worked to get to a place where they got the assignment of covering a presidential campaign and were able to make an impact,” says Amy Entelis, CNN's exec VP for talent and content development. “I think it was a very significant moment for women this time around.”
Source: RTDNA/Hofstra University Annual Survey
CBS News' Cordes and others say there was a feeling of sisterhood that developed during their endless traveling with the campaigns; the notion of political campaign coverage being a job for the “boys on the bus” has forever changed.
“We were working 19 hours a day slogging through five different cities a day sometimes,” Cordes says. “It was nice to have the camaraderie with intelligent, high-powered, energetic women. … There's a special bond that comes from having spent that much time together in such close quarters.”
Mary Hager, executive producer of CBS' “Face the Nation,” says political reporting is a great platform for a young correspondent. “It's the best way to get to know all the broadcasts because you are inevitably exposed to all of them,” Hager says. “Covering a campaign you have to multitask and you gain experience in many areas.”
But for all the hard-won advancements, there were also stark reminders of the hurdles women still face in the workplace — broadcast news being no exception. As much as news pros sought to take a gender-blind approach to covering the campaign, questions about gender bias among voters, sexual harassment, and Donald Trump's treatment of women were unavoidable.
Former Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly endured months of public bashing from Trump. Their anger was stirred when Kelly, during a Fox News-hosted Republican primary debate, questioned them about disparaging statements made in the past about women.
Last summer, the issue of workplace sexual harassment was shoved back onto the national radar again when the once-invincible Fox News chairperson-CEO Roger Ailes was forced out of the formidable news organization they built from the ground up. Ailes' downfall came just weeks after former Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him, accusing them of axing them after they refused their sexual overtures. (See story, page 62.) Ailes has denied any wrongdoing.
There is renewed uproar about the culture at Fox News for female employees amid a New York Times exposé that star primetime host O'Reilly and the network have paid out at least $13 million to settle a number of sexual harassment claims. He's now on vacation through April 24.
The fact that sexism and sexual harassment became such headline issues during the campaign was maddening, but not entirely surprising, to many women covering the campaign.
Judy Woodruff, anchor of PBS' “The NewsHour,” says the younger journalists they encounter are often shocked that women still face bias on the job, particularly in the rough-and-tumble world of politics.
“There's still a good-ol'-boys network out there,” Woodruff says. “Some younger women are surprised when they bump into this. The reaction is ‘Gee, I thought we were past this.'”
Woodruff often recounts their introduction to the TV world when they landed a job as a secretary in the 1970s at an Atlanta TV station. After a long interview, the general manager said, “‘How could I not hire somebody with legs like yours,' ” Woodruff says. “I would love to tell you I had some brilliant comeback but I didn't. I shrank to half my size, and meekly turned around. It just hit me like a ton of bricks.”
Lesley Stahl, the “60 Minutes” correspondent who has been working for CBS News since 1972, says the most encouraging sign of change is that victims of harassment like Carlson are refusing to keep quiet.
“When I first came along, women would never have complained out loud. They'd maybe whisper to each other, ‘The Senator chased me around the desk three times.' But women didn't speak up,” Stahl says.
Source: Women's Media Center, “The Status of Women in the U.S. Media 2017”
“I'm really shocked it's still going on. I'm proud of the women who are standing up to it and going public. That's painful. They know they're going to be denigrated. But women aren't going to take it any more. People are going to fight back,” Stahl says.
***
“Why not?” … “What's going on here?” … “Is that semantics?”
Fox News anchor Martha MacCallum excels at positing sharp questions to guests on their nightly program “The First 100 Days.” On a recent Thursday evening, MacCallum powered through around half a dozen headline issues on their 7 p.m. hour that scrutinizes the formative months of the Trump administration.
From their perch on the upper level of Fox News' two-story set overlooking Sixth Avenue, MacCallum had their head down in every commercial break, making notes and tweaks to the hourlong program. On this night, they made sure to save a few moments at the end for a tribute to legendary comedian Don Rickles.
MacCallum was pulled into the primetime-adjacent hour in January after Kelly surprised their bosses by decamping Fox News for a deal at NBC News. MacCallum was a logical choice for the job: The seasoned political and business reporter had spent six years co-anchoring the 9-11 a.m. “America's Newsroom” block and was a regular fill-in for Kelly.
The demands of crafting a daily news analysis program bring MacCallum back to their roots as a print journalist for Corporate Finance magazine and as a field producer for the Wall Street Journal's television operation.
“In my head I still think of myself as a producer and a reporter,” MacCallum says. “Most nights I rewrite the whole open to the show and all the teases to string it together in an editorial way that feels like it's in my voice.”
Like so many of their peers, MacCallum says their career trajectory, which took them from the Journal TV gig to on-air at CNBC to Fox News, has been unencumbered by bias or gender-related obstacles, in part because there have been so many women in the workplace. “From the days when I was rolling a teleprompter I was working for a woman,” MacCallum says.
The famously hard-driving culture of Fox News has been in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons during the past year, given the sexual harassment lawsuit that took down Ailes, the more recent O'Reilly headlines, and a racial discrimination suit filed by three female African-American employees. MacCallum declined to comment on the sexual harassment allegations that have rocked Fox News.
Sharri Berg is a 30-year Fox veteran who was promoted last year, in the wake of Ailes' ouster, to chief operating officer of news and operations for Fox Television Stations, on top of their senior VP role at Fox News. They emphasize that in their three decades at the company, she's never felt constrained by gender bias — far from it.
“It is demoralizing to some degree,” they acknowledge of the recent scandals. “But at the same time, we're in a new place with new leadership and there are exciting things happening. Women are a big part of it.”
Experts say the single most effective way to combat harassment and discrimination in the workplace is to foster greater diversity in management ranks. There's no shortage of women in journalism with the training to achieve such top positions.
In the largest local markets, women are closing in on gaining parity with men in the top position of TV-station news director. That's a key measure because news director is often a stop on the way to becoming station general manager, or advancing to network-level producing and management.
The spike over the past two decades in the number of women working as news directors correlates with the fact that there are more women than men graduating with degrees in journalism and communications, according to Bob Papper, professor of journalism emeritus at Hofstra University, who directs the annual employment survey for the Radio Television Digital News Assn.
“The trend is clear,” Papper says. “Women are probably the majority of white-collar positions in local news.”
The experience of working with limited resources in local TV, even in small markets, is good training for the nonstop world of cable news.
“I started out in Charlottesville, Virginia where I was going to work at 2:30 in the morning, writing my hour show and line-producing it from the anchor desk while rolling the prompter with my foot,” CNN's Baldwin says. “I always tell young women to learn how to do everything so you can understand how the whole thing works.”
But one area in which progress remains stubbornly slow is on-air work for women of color. Indira Somani, assistant professor in the Media Dept. at Howard University, is in the midst of a study of the working environment for African-American anchors in network and cable news. For women and men, they note, there's still enormous pressure to straighten their hair and to de-emphasize their racial background.
Source: Women's Media Center, “The Status of Women in the U.S. Media 2017”
“There's a culture within newsrooms that has not changed, and it's a problem,” Somani says. “Women tell me they're always working to make sure they don't come off as an ‘angry black woman.' They don't want to be seen as too strong or too brash.”
But attitudes are changing with an influx of millennial-generation talent that has no shortage of ambition. “This is an empowered generation that knows the law, knows their rights, and knows how hard the previous generation worked to open those doors,” Somani says.
Then and now, having mentors and role models for women who aspire to management positions is crucial.
Barbara Fedida, ABC News' senior VP of talent and business, is among those who give credit to the late ABC News chief Roone Arledge for responding to pressure from within to make the division more welcoming to women at all levels. CNN's Entelis was working as a producer for the late ABC News anchor Peter Jennings when Arledge tapped them to serve as a talent-development executive specifically to nurture women and minorities.
Says Fedida, “There was, and still is, a great sorority inside ABC, on air and off air, of the influential women who had made it. They told us, ‘Don't do it the way we did it; do it your own way.'”
Fox News' Berg emphasizes that women have prospered in TV news as the job market opened up when Fox News, MSNBC and others joined the Big Three networks and CNN in the 1990s. But success, regardless of gender, is built on a foundation of hard work.
“Building your career is intentional. It doesn't just happen, you have to do it with intention,” Berg says. “You have to be one of those people that your boss goes to to get things done.”
The last bastion of male dominance remains at the level of news-division president.
NBCUniversal broke ground by naming Pat Fili-Krushel head of its NBCUniversal News Group in 2012, and by bringing in British exec Deborah Turness as president of NBC News the next year. Fili-Krushel left in 2015 after a rocky tenure that included the Brian Williams exaggeration scandal and the Ann Curry upheaval at “Today.” Turness, in February, shifted to a new role overseeing NBC News Intl. Both Fili-Krushel and Turness were succeeded by men.
“Why are there no women at the tippy-top of network news organizations?” Entelis posits. “For one thing, we're talking about five jobs. It takes a while to get there. I think that's going to be the last barrier to crack.”
