UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
CARACAS, March 31 Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro said on Friday they would resolve within hours the controversy over the Supreme Court's assumption of the opposition-led legislature's functions, which has sparked widespread protests and international condemnation.
"I believe in dialogue and use of the Constitution to resolve controversy," they said, calling a meeting of the state security council to discuss the attorney general's criticism of the high court's decision. (Reporting by Eyanir Chinea; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Girish Gupta, G Crosse)
U.S. drug distributor Cardinal Health Inc (CAH.N) is nearing a deal to acquire medical device maker Medtronic Plc's (MDT.N) medical supplies business for close to $6 billion (4.81 billion pounds), people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The sale would streamline Medtronic's portfolio after its $42.9 billion acquisition of Covidien Plc in 2014. In that deal, it inherited most of the company's medical supplies business, which sells everything from syringes to surgical instruments.
Medtronic and Cardinal Health have entered into exclusive talks over the sale of the business, and a deal could be announced later this month, the sources said, cautioning that there was always a chance that the negotiations could end unsuccessfully.
The sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Medtronic and Cardinal Health declined to comment.
For Cardinal Health, the deal would boost efforts to build out its medical products business, which it has highlighted as a priority for dealmaking.
"Certainly a part of the equation for us is how we use our balance sheet, and that may be through activities that are available external to us and the other ways that we deploy capital," George Barrett, Cardinal Health's chief executive officer, said last month on the company's most recent quarterly earnings call.
In 2015, Cardinal Health acquired Cordis from Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) for around $2 billion, adding a portfolio of devices including catheters, filters and stents.
Cardinal Health's medical products business has been a bright spot for the company, on track to reach mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth, at a time when investors have become more anxious about its drug distribution business.
This is because the entire drug supply chain, including pharmaceutical benefits managers and drugmakers, has been under pressure in recent years, amid increasing scrutiny among lawmakers and insurance companies over high drug costs.
Cardinal Health, along with its peers McKesson Corp (MCK.N) and AmerisourceBergen Corp (ABC.N), late last year saw their shares drop after McKesson said that competition was weighing on margins more than expected.
Cardinal Health's share price has since recovered, despite it having lowered expectations for full-year earnings in its pharma segment.
(Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York)
PARIS France's far-right National Front stepped up its anti-European Union rhetoric on Wednesday, days after toughening its stand against immigration, in an apparent bid to mobilise its core supporters ahead of Sunday's presidential election.
Opinion polls have for months predicted that National Front (FN) chief Marine Le Pen would attract enough votes to make it to the two-way runoff on May 7 but the gap with other contenders has narrowed, and the rhetoric of their party has sharpened.
"You'll see, we'll soon stuff your oligarchic rag in the cupboard," Le Pen's second-in-command, Florian Philippot said of the EU flag in a message on Twitter.
They were reacting to the European Commission's representative office in France, which posted on Twitter: "Proud of our flag, symbol of unity, solidarity and harmony between the peoples of Europe. Let's not hide it."
The EU executive was referring to Le Pen's demand on Tuesday night that French TV station remove the blue, yellow-starred EU flag from the stage where they would be interviewed, leaving just the French blue-white-and-red flag.
"I want to be the president of the French Republic. I don't want to be European Commission president. I consider the EU has done a lot of harm to our country," Le Pen told TF1 when asked to explain their demand that the EU flag, a frequent feature in such situations, in the background.
Le Pen on Monday pledged to suspend all immigration with immediate effect if elected, a proposal that does not appear in their manifesto but that touches on a subject which is crucial to their core supporters. It goes further than their previous plans to curb migration.
EU-bashing is popular with grassroots FN supporters, though opinion polls show a healthy majority of French are attached to EU membership.
(Reporting by Ingrid Melander and Simon Carraud; Editing by Brian Love)
May 2 Mosaic Co:
* The Mosaic Company reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.00
* Q1 sales $1.6 billion versus $1.7 billion
* Total sales volumes for phosphates segment are expected to range from 2.3 to 2.6 million tonnes for Q2 of 2017, versus 2.4 million tonnes last year
* Sees FY phosphates sales volumes in range of 9.5 to 10.25 million tonnes
* Mosaic's realized DAP price, FOB plant, is estimated to range from $320 to $340 per tonne for Q2 of 2017
* Sees FY potash sales volumes in range of 8.0 to 8.75 million tonnes
* Total sales volumes for potash segment expected to range from 2.0 to 2.3 million tonnes for Q2 of 2017, versus 2.0 million tonnes last year
* "Near-term market outlook for potash remains constructive, and we expect gradual improvement in our business results"
* Qtrly results do not yet reflect improving potash and phosphate market conditions anticipate to benefit from for remainder of year
* Mosaic's realized MOP price, FOB plant, is estimated to range from $170 to $185 per tonne for Q2 2017
* Net sales in phosphates segment were $839 million for q1, down from $909 million last year
* Mosaic co says "we are seeing positive developments in phosphates industry following a challenging 2016"
* Q1 average diammonium phosphate selling price, FOB plant, was $327 per tonne, compared to $355 per tonne a year ago
* Qtrly phosphates segment total sales volumes were 2.3 million tonnes, up from 2.2 million tonnes last year
* "looking forward, we expect to see higher realized potash and phosphate prices in Q2"
* Net sales in potash segment totaled $414 million for q1, up from $394 million last year
* Constructive outlook hasn't changed and expect to see stronger earnings in remainder of 2017
* "Performance in Q1 was not up to our expectations and was negatively impacted by unusual factors"
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.19, revenue view $1.67 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* The Esterhazy skip failure, an ammonia plant outage, excessive rainfall at Miski Mayo, rail & logistical issues at Canpotex impacted Q1 earnings
* Q1 earnings per share included a negative $0.04 impact from notable items Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Kona Grill Inc
* Kona Grill- on March 29, co, Keybank National Association, Zions First National Bank entered into Amendment 1 to second amended, restated credit agreement
* Kona Grill Inc - amendment increases leverage ratio applicable at March 31, 2017 to 4.85 from 4.25 - SEC filing
* Kona Grill Inc - amendment to add a commitment fee rate of 50 basis points, to be applicable at such times as leverage ratio is greater than 4.25
* Kona Grill Inc - terms of amendment are effective as of January 1, 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2nxnwEo) Further company coverage:
TORONTO, March 10 (Reuters) - Canada's main stock index declined on Friday as weakness in commodity prices fueled a decline in shares of the heavyweight natural resource sectors.
At 9:40 AM EST (1440 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index fell 101.84 points, or 0.64 percent, to 15,759.08.
Manchester United and Chelsea are both keen on signing Barcelona's Jordi Alba.
That's among the rumours doing the rounds on Wednesday, May 30.
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
LONDON Top-10 Tesco (TSCO.L) shareholder Magellan Financial Group said on Monday it had some concerns about the firm's 3.7 billion pound takeover of British wholesaler Booker (BOK.L), but was "strongly supportive" of the firm's management.
Co-founder Hamish Douglass said they were "neutral" about the deal as although the deal terms were fair, they had some concerns about the process of merging both firms, and had voiced their concerns to Tesco.
"We are not concerned about the financial terms of the Booker transaction as we assess them to be fair after taking into account the synergies. Our reservations relate to the potential distractions and increased complexity of integrating the businesses," Douglass said in emailed comments.
"We are neutral on the transaction but strongly supportive of Dave Lewis and the senior management team at Tesco... In our view Tesco shareholders have a simple decision - are they prepared to back Dave Lewis or not? Magellan is backing Dave Lewis."
The support comes as fellow top Tesco shareholders Schroders and Artisan Partners both said last week that they did not support the deal, calling it expensive and a distraction from its turnaround plan, and asking for the firm to withdraw its offer.
($1 = 0.7983 pounds)
(Reporting by Simon Jessop, editing by Maiya Keidan)
The London gallery shining a light on neon art
LONDON, June 14 On the flick of a flurry of switches, a studio on a grey industrial estate in East London lights up to reveal hundreds of bright neon artworks.
May 3 Canadian grocery and pharmacy retailer Loblaw Cos Ltd reported a 19.2 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by lower expenses and as discounting attracted more customers to its stores.
Net earnings available to common shareholders rose to C$230 million ($168 million), or 57 Canadian cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 25, from C$193 million, or 47 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
The latest quarter also included a gain of C$11 million, or 2 Canadian cents per share.
Revenue rose marginally to C$10.40 billion from C$10.38 billion last year.
($1 = 1.3730 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
BEIJING China would step up its protection of North Korea should the isolated state halt its nuclear programme, an editorial in a state-backed newspaper said on Thursday, as Beijing tries to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula.
Pyongyang's continued nuclear and missile testing programme has prompted the United States to send a navy carrier group to near the Korean peninsula in a show of force aimed at detering more tests.
North Korea marks the 105th anniversary of the birth of state founder Kim Il Sung on Saturday, North Korea's biggest national day called "Day of the Sun". Leaders have in the past used the date to carry out weapons tests.
China, North Korea's main ally, has called for a peaceful resolution of the Korean tensions.
"As soon as the North Korea complies with China's declared advice and suspends nuclear activities... China will actively work to protect the security of a denuclearized North Korean nation and regime," said the editorial in the Global Times, which is published by the People's Daily, the Communist party's official paper.
"This is Pyongyang's best option," it added.
North Korea has launched several missile tests this year, the latest on April 5 when it fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast. It conducted its fifth nuclear test on Sept. 9, 2016.
China's foreign ministry on Wednesday reiterated Beijing's position of calming the situation via a "dual suspension" of North Korea's nuclear tests and the United States' joint military drills with South Korea.
The main goal of North Korea's nuclear programme is to protect the country's security and to place itself on an even footing with the United States, the Global Times said in the editorial in its Chinese language edition.
But North Korea's nuclear ambitions are merely a "utopia", given U.S. military might and United Nations Security Council sanctions.
"North Korea is currently just about the world's most isolated country, it is already totally blocked-off," the paper said. "A modern state cannot continue to exist like this."
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Tony Munroe and Michael Perry)
TALLINN Estonia's police will soon carry teddy bears in their patrol cars to comfort children caught up accidents or distressing situations, the organiser of the charity Traumamommik (Trauma Teddy) told Reuters.
The plan will see cuddly toys added to the equipment in the Baltic state's 100 police patrol cars in time for Children's Day, which is celebrated in Estonia on June 1.
Additional bears will be kept at police stations.
"The teddy bears will hopefully help these lift the spirits of these kids and be a support if the children need it," 25 year-old Kaur Vahtrik, the organiser of the charity, said.
They said they got the idea when a friend was involved in an accident.
According to Estonian police statistics, around 200 children a year are involved in traffic accidents.
The teddy bears will also be used to help comfort children caught up in other situations, like domestic violence, police officer Lea Barenson told Reuters
The crowd-funded project HuggyBear aims to buy 1,000 teddy bears.
(Reporting by Janis Laizans and additional reporting and writing by David Mardiste; Editing by Simon Johnson and Tom Heneghan)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Philadelphia, PA - According to a report from Ben Detrick of The Ringer, 76ers President of Operations, Bryan Colangelo, may have been using 5 different Twitter accounts to troll players, coaches, and Sixers staff.
The report alleges that in posts ranging from April 2016 to last week, the Twitter accounts insulted Joel Embiid, Markelle Fultz; criticized Brett Brown; and bashed executives like Sam Hinkie.
The Ringer states that in February they received an anonymous tip that Colangelo had secretly been operating five different accounts, which all seemed to follow similar player and coaching accounts.
The @sixers have released a statement on all the crazy Bryan Colangelo allegations. @phl17 pic.twitter.com/eSJihotoOs — Matt Alba (@mattalbaPHL17) May 30, 2018
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
In the society of 2018, the best word I can think of to describe expectations is instantaneous. In a matter of moments, the most impactful news can travel around the world. In a mere snap of the fingers, we can be transported to an exotic locale or the finest dining establishment — all through our friends' photos. In less than 60 seconds, you can ingest all of these items and much more. As I write this, the annual NBA free agency market hasn't even been open for 24 hours. In some ways, though, is it already closing up shop?
I know that it's just the beginning of the resettlement of players in new homes. I know that many big-name pros are in the process of figuring out the next destination to continue their careers. However, a sense to an end of a business year crept into my mind after Sunday night's news regarding the most coveted chip in this year's high-stakes game.
Now, I may be wrong in my assessment. Deals could easily have moved this fast in prior years. But it feels like I'm learning how quickly this cycle can churn up, whip everything into a frenzy, then fizzle out, leaving behind new hope, hurt feelings, and a storm of coin.
I'm starting to learn that the money is stupid ... and that's a compliment. This day was coming. We've already seen two takers of contracts worth, in total, over $200 million (Russell Westbrook and Steph Curry). None of the contracts agreed to on Sunday approach the staggering numbers in total. They do, though, stack up quite nicely on average.
According to the website Spotrac, in base salary, both Westbrook and Curry average north of $40 million a season. They're the only two athletes in American major professional team sports to currently do that. With the new contracts offered up, however, the number of player making at or above the following numbers (for 2018) stands at:
$35,000,000: 5
$30,000,000: 12
$25,000,000: 27
In MLB, 13 players make $25 million or more (Zack Grienke leads the way with just shy of $34.5 mil). Yes, there is a hard salary cap in the NFL, but only 6 players hit that mark (Matt Ryan's new deal gets them up to $30 mil, if the length of the contract holds up as is). The NHL's top annual salary belongs to Connor McDavid at $12.5 million each season. Many items factor into the varying numbers. At the same time, the recent explosion of the Association's overall coffers, and the residual trickle down to the superstar players, is simply fascinating to watch.
I'm starting to learn that we, the fans and media, are, en masse, foolish. Every year, we make speculations on which player will end up where and playing in what city for whom. More often than not, the egg on our faces doesn't even get to drip off before we stick our collective necks out for more punishment.
Last summer, one of the biggest questions revolved around the ability for James Harden and Chris Paul to co-exist in the same Rockets backcourt. Heck, it only took half the season (with help from a pretty dope State Farm Insurance campaign) to prove the naysayers (including myself) wrong.
During those same summer months, Paul George made their intentions known that they wanted out of Indianapolis. That led to theirs being dealt to Oklahoma City for what many believed was a one-season stay. With the new summer coming 'round, most of us still held on to the fact that George would continue their trek out West.
Little did we know that PG13 would learn to love their time in the Sooner State. Little did we figure that they would enjoy playing alongside the triple-double machine Westbrook has forged themselves into. And little did we think that a star-studded party and a max contract would provide the backdrop for the star wing to hunker down on the Southern Plains.
In all honesty, George's four-year deal to stay in OKC was the most surprising thing they could have done. Should have seen it coming from a mile away.
I'm starting to learn that you can't blink your eyes to even the most obvious of perceptions. The signs seemed to focus the journey of LeBron James on one specific destination. Maybe thoughts of James heading to Philadelphia, Boston, Houston, or returning to Cleveland were just illusions. But over the last few weeks, the Lakers appeared to emerge as the front runner in the sweepstakes to land the King. So, the fact that James agreed to head to L.A. isn't stunning. It's the expedited nature of this announcement that caught folks off-guard.
You figured that LeBron and their team would hunker down in their "Decision Cave" for a few days, take a few meetings, and see how the early returns shook out. At least we'd better know the maneuvers different teams may take to try and entice him. However, with no shot at getting Paul George and no idea whether they can trade for Kawhi Leonard, the Lakers were able to convince James (at least somewhat) that any path under their organization would ultimately lead to title contention.
We've learned how LeBron molded themselves into a champion. We've learned how LeBron turned a struggling franchise into a champion. Now, we may learn how LeBron can restore the luster to one of the league's biggest champions. It's just the latest chance to continue our path of learning. We're constantly doing it in life. The NBA free agency period always seems to offer a few annual lessons that provide opportunities to learn about the tendencies of these pro athletes. Or, better yet, maybe we should learn to stop speculating and just let the process work itself out.
(Corrects first paragraph to reflect stated aim of engineering work)
By Rodi Said
TABQA DAM, Syria, March 29 Islamic State shelled positions held by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) at the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River on Wednesday, forcing engineers to temporarily halt efforts to to ease the water pressure, a Reuters witness said.
Islamic State fired from the southern end of the dam, which it controls, and at least two explosions were heard. No one was injured. The engineers, who are working to open the spillways to relieve water pressure in the dam, later returned to work.
The SDF, an alliance of militias including the Kurdish YPG and Arab fighters, last week captured the northern part of the dam, which is a major strategic objective of the U.S.-backed campaign to isolate and capture the Islamic State-held city of Raqqa, some 40 km (25 miles), to the east.
The engineers were also at the dam on Tuesday carrying out an assessment as they try to open the two spillways, one of which is half open and the other is completely shut.
The SDF and U.S.-led coalition have said the dam is not in danger after the Syrian government on Sunday said it had been damaged by U.S. air strikes and could collapse, with the risk of catastrophic flooding.
Islamic State has also said the dam's operating systems were not working properly and it was vulnerable to collapse.
The head of the Kurdish YPG militia, fighting in the Raqqa campaign as part of the SDF alliance, has said the final assault on the city will begin in early April. (Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Louise Ireland)
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
May 2 Westlake Chemical Corp:
* Westlake chemical corporation announces first quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $1.06
* Q1 sales $1.943 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.79 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.83 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Westlake Chemical -Olefins segment reported income from operations of $179.8 million in q1 of 2017, an increase of $30.6 million compared to $149.2 million in Q1 of 2016
* Westlake Chemical Corp- Vinyls segment reported income from operations of $71.4 million in Q1 of 2017, an increase of $9.3 million
* Westlake Chemical Corp- "We also remain focused on our integration activities and are on track to capture significant synergies in 2017" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Workers load containers onto trucks from a cargo ship at a port in Tokyo, Japan, March 16, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japan's exports rose in March at the fastest pace in more than two years as increased shipments of car parts and steel signalled that expanding overseas demand could help boost the country's notoriously slow economic growth.
Exports rose 12.0 percent in March from a year ago, more than the median estimate of 6.7 percent annual growth. The data also showed Japan's trade surplus with the United States narrowed, although this development is unlikely to wholly ease concerns about U.S. trade policy.
Japan's exports are expected to continue rising as global economic growth gains momentum, but concerns about U.S. President Donald Trump's pledges to adopt more protectionist trade policies cloud the outlook for Japan's trade.
"Exports look pretty good, and we expect this to contribute to growth this year," said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
"One concern is Trump could start to take a tougher stance on trade with China, and by doing so they could also start to criticise Japan's exports more openly."
In terms of volume, exports rose 6.6 percent in March from a year ago, a second consecutive month of gains in another sign that global demand is picking up.
Exports to the United States rose 3.5 percent in March from a year ago due to higher shipments of car parts. That compares with a 0.4 percent annual increase in U.S.-bound exports in the previous month.
Japan's trade surplus with the United States fell 8.1 percent in March from a year ago to 628.1 billion yen ($5.77 billion) on rising imports of liquefied natural gas and grains.
Exports to China rose 16.4 percent in March from a year ago, following a 28.2 percent annual surge in exports in February after the Lunar New Year.
Japan's exports to Asia rose 16.3 percent year-on-year in March after rising an annual 21.0 percent in the previous month.
Japan's imports rose 15.8 percent in March from a year ago, the largest increase since March 2014, as higher oil prices pushed up the value of energy imports.
The overall trade balance came to a surplus of 614.7 billion yen versus the median estimate for a 575.8 billion yen surplus.
On Tuesday U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put Japan on notice that Washington wants results "in the near future" from talks it hopes will open Japan's markets to U.S. goods.
Pence was speaking in Tokyo where they attended the first U.S.-Japan economic dialogue with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso.
The next meeting will be held in Washington before year's end, where the Trump administration could press for concessions on trade that could increase U.S. exports to Japan.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Saia Inc:
* SAIA REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR RESULTS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.82
* QTRLY REVENUES WERE $353 MILLION, A 17.7% INCREASE
* ‍IN 2018, ANTICIPATE NET CAPITAL EXPENDITURES OF APPROXIMATELY $265 MILLION​
* QTRLY ‍LTL SHIPMENTS PER WORKDAY INCREASED 8.7%​
* EXCLUDING TAX REFORM REDUCTION, QTRLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE WERE $0.53
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.53, REVENUE VIEW $343.1 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY ‍ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.53​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Standings for the Ligue 1 on Friday P W D L F A Pts 1 PSG 23 19 2 2 72 17 59 2 Marseille 24 15 6 3 53 27 51 ............................................... 3 Lyon 23 14 6 3 52 25 48 ............................................... 4 Monaco 23 14 5 4 53 24 47 ............................................... 5 Nantes 23 11 4 8 22 21 37 6 Nice 23 10 4 9 29 33 34 ............................................... 7 Montpellier 23 7 10 6 20 19 31 8 Rennes 23 9 4 10 28 32 31 9 Bordeaux 23 8 5 10 27 32 29 10 Guingamp 23 8 5 10 24 32 29 11 Dijon 23 8 4 11 33 46 28 12 Strasbourg 23 7 6 10 28 39 27 13 Caen 23 8 3 12 15 26 27 14 Saint-Étienne 23 7 5 11 22 38 26 15 Amiens 23 7 4 12 20 25 25 16 Angers 23 5 10 8 26 32 25 17 Lille 23 7 4 12 21 34 25 ............................................... 18 Troyes 23 7 3 13 22 32 24 ............................................... 19 Toulouse 23 6 5 12 21 32 23 20 Metz 24 5 3 16 23 45 18 1-2: Champions League 3: Champions League preliminary round 4: Europa League 5-6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 18: Relegation play-off 19-20: Relegation
April 28 Peace Map Holdings:
* Appointment of executive directors
* Li Bin and Mu Yan have been appointed as executive directors of company Source text: [bit.ly/2qmwd6f] Further company coverage:
BEIJING May 2 China on Tuesday issued tighter rules for online news portals and network providers, the latest step in President Xi Jinping's push to secure the internet and maintain strict party control over content.
Xi has made China's "cyber sovereignty" a top priority in their sweeping campaign to bolster security. They have also reasserted the ruling Communist Party's role in limiting and guiding online discussion.
The new regulations, released by the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) on its website, extend restrictions on what news can be produced and distributed by online platforms, requiring all services to be managed by party-sanctioned editorial staff.
The rules, which come into effect on June 1, apply to all political, economic, military, or diplomatic reports or opinion articles on blogs, websites, forums, search engines, instant messaging apps and all other platforms that select or edit news and information, the administration said.
All such platforms must have editorial staff who are approved by the national or local government internet and information offices, while their workers must get training and reporting credentials from the central government, it said.
Editorial work must be separate from business operations and only public funds can be used to pay for any work, it added.
Under the rules, editorial guidance measures used for the mainstream media will be applied to online providers to ensure they too adhere to the party line, such as requiring "emergency response" measures to increase vetting of content after disasters.
The rules also stipulate that a domestic business that wants to set up a joint venture with a foreign partner, or accept foreign funding, must be assessed by the State Internet Information Office.
Content on China's internet has never been free of government censorship, though a number of internet companies run news portals that produce relatively independent reporting and opinion pieces.
A number of these platforms were shut down last year, after Xi in April called in a speech for better regulation of China's internet.
The CAC separately on Tuesday released another set of rules that on June 1 will require "network providers and products" used by people who might touch upon "national security and the public interest" go through a new round of security reviews.
Beijing adopted a cybersecurity law last year that overseas critics say could shut foreign businesses out of various sectors in China. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Montreal's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather.
Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal, with officials expected to provide an update later today.
Meanwhile, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency.
Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on Friday accused neighbouring Pakistan of failing to move against the Taliban and pledged a new security plan for Kabul after hundreds of people were killed and wounded in two deadly attacks on the capital last month.
Afghanistan has long accused Pakistan of aiding terrorists by giving shelter and aid to leaders of the Taliban insurgency, a charge denied by Pakistan, which points to the thousands of its own citizens killed by militant violence over the years.
“We are waiting for Pakistan to act,” Ghani said in a televised address after weekly prayers, in which they accused Pakistan of being the “Taliban centre”.
A recent attack on the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul and a suicide bombing on a crowded city street a week later have stoked public anger in Afghanistan and stepped up pressure on Ghani's Western-backed government to improve security.
The attacks, which killed more than 130 people and wounded hundreds more, were claimed by the Taliban, which is fighting to drive out international troops and re-establish its form of strict Islamic law in Afghanistan.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told Ghani in a telephone call on Friday that the attacks “highlight the barbarity and cowardice of the insurgency, and strengthen America's resolve to support Afghanistan” and its government, the White House said.
Afghan and U.S. officials say the Haqqani network, a militant group affiliated with the Taliban and believed to be based in Pakistan, was responsible.
A Pakistani foreign ministry spokesperson said Pakistan and Afghanistan were both victims of terrorism and needed to work together to fight the common threat.
“Pakistan affirms solidarity with the people and government of Afghanistan in fighting the menace of terrorism,” they said in a statement. “We feel the pain of our Afghan brothers and sisters.”
Pakistan had taken strong action to counterterrorism, including operations against Haqqani network camps in mountainous Waziristan.
Ghani said 11 arrests had been made and a list of individuals Kabul believed to be behind the attacks as well as the networks that supported them was given to Pakistani authorities.
“The attack is not against our men, women or children but against the Afghan nation and it requires a national, comprehensive response,” Ghani said, adding that security officials would present a new plan on Sunday.
But it was unclear what steps would be taken to improve the last major security plan in Kabul, which established a string of extra checkpoints and heavy vehicle controls after a truck bomb killed 150 people in the city last May.
Pakistan's embassy in Kabul said on Thursday that officials in Islamabad were assessing the evidence presented during a visit by Afghan Interior Minister Wais Barmak and the head of the NDS intelligence service, Masoom Stanekzai. It said Pakistan had given no commitment to take any action.
The attacks came at a time of heightened tension in the region, after the United States said it would cut security aid to Pakistan, complaining the South Asian nation was not doing enough to fight terrorist groups sheltering there.
An artist's impression of the new Townsville stadium.
An artist's impression of the new Townsville stadium.
THE new capital of Cowboys country - the Townsville stadium - can be seen like never before with the release of new images.
The final design is nearly complete for the $250 million stadium, under construction in South Townsville, and details about corporate boxes, patron terraces and food and beverage areas have been shown in striking artist's impressions.
Early works for the project were completed on April 30 this year and the main stadium build works started on May 1.
Civil earthworks, driven piling and a significant amount of substructure and in-ground hydraulics work has been completed, a spokesperson for the Department of State Development, Manufacturing, Infrastructure and Planning says.
An artist's impression of the southern entrance of the new Townsville stadium.
Significant off-site manufacture of steel and concrete elements is also under way with more than 500 precast seating platforms now stockpiled at the subcontractor's compound and on site ready for installation. Work is under way on the western, southern and eastern stands.
The western stand will accommodate the player, corporate and media facilities.
An artist's impression of the northern entrance of the stadium.
So far on the western stand work on concrete footings including lift and escalator pits have been completed. Vertical precast panels for stairs and lifts have also been finished.
Workers are erecting structural steel to the lower bowl and concourse level.
Meanwhile on the southern stand, work on the substructure and detailed excavation has been finished.
A schematic design was completed in August last year and since then the next stage, a developed design, has been completed.
An artist's impression of the northern entrance of the stadium.
"The project remains on track for delivery by the start of the 2020 NRL season," the department spokesperson said.
Federal Minister for Urban Infrastructure and Cities Paul Fletcher said the project would employ more than 2000 people during construction.
The food and beverage section of the new Townsville stadium. Picture: Department of State Development, Manufacturing, Infrastructure and Planning
"This stadium is not only creating local jobs and providing a boost to Townsville's economy - it's also helping to revitalise the CBD and waterfront areas," they said.
Townsville Mayor Jenny Hill said the new images were exciting because it would give locals the chance to better understand how the stadium would look when completed.
The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen in front of a branch office in Zurich, Switzerland April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) will not decide on how it wants to raise fresh capital until after this week's annual general meeting, SonntagsZeitung reported on Sunday.
The Swiss bank is considering a quick-fire share sale or listing 20 to 30 percent of its Swiss business in order to raise between 3 and 6 billion Swiss francs (2.34-4.68 billion pounds) in new capital, the Swiss newspaper said, citing sources close to Chairman Urs Rohner.
The newspaper also reported that Rohner expects all the banks' proposals to be accepted by shareholders at its annual general meeting on Friday.
Rohner told Weltwoche magazine in March the bank had time to decide whether to go ahead with a planned listing of its domestic banking unit, originally envisioned for the second half of 2017.
Reuters had previously reported that Switzerland's second-biggest bank was likely to make a decision in April on how to proceed on raising new capital.
Credit Suisse, which declined to comment, earlier this month offered to cut bonuses for top management by 40 percent and freeze pay for its board of directors in an attempt to quash a shareholder revolt over payouts to senior managers.
Its pay plans included bonuses of 78 million Swiss francs ($78 million) to top executives and higher pay for the board, despite the bank posting a 2.7 billion-franc net loss last year.
Credit Suisse is reassessing its compensation policies, sources told SonntagsZeitung, specifically by expanding options to claw back executive and employee bonuses if their actions have caused costly legal suits and large losses for the bank.
(Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi; editing by Alexander Smith)
A newly discovered species of deep sea snailfish has been discovered in the Mariana Trench.
Discovered at nearly an incredible 5 miles below the surface, the fish is about twice the size of a cigar and has translucent skin, with their organs clearly visible.
What is incredible is that at the depths the fish were discovered, the pressure is so intense, it is like having the weight of an elephant pressing down on each square inch of your body.
Pseudoliparis swirei has been named after an officer aboard the HMS Challenger which discovered thousands of new species in the 1870's.
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Results and fixtures for the KNVB Beker on Thursday (start times are CET) Quarter-finals ------------------------------------ Willem II (1) 7 Roda JC (1) 6 .... full-time: 2-2 extra-time: 2-2 penalties: 5-4 Willem II win 7-6 on penalties Willem II (1) 7 Roda JC (1) 6 .... full-time: 2-2 extra-time: 2-2 penalties: 5-4 Willem II win 7-6 on penalties
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
An aerial view of uninhabited island of Spratlys in the disputed South China Sea, April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
An aerial view of Southwest Cay, also known as Pugad Island, controlled by Vietnam and part of the Spratly Islands in the disputed South China Sea, April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Francis Malasig/Pool
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) leaders link arms during the opening ceremony of the 30th ASEAN Summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. L-R: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei Darussalam, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Laos' Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith. REUTERS/Mark Crisanto/Pool
BEIJING China on Tuesday welcomed a softer stand taken by Southeast Asian countries on the disputed South China Sea at a weekend summit, saying it showed efforts to ease tension were working.
The Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) dropped references to "land reclamation and militarisation" from its chairperson's statement this year at the end of its summit in the Philippine capital, Manila.
The reference had been included last year and was even in an earlier, unpublished version of the statement, seen by Reuters on Saturday.
Two ASEAN diplomats said that this year, China had pressed ASEAN chair the Philippines to keep China's contentious activities in the strategic waterway off ASEAN's official agenda.
China is not a member of the 10-member bloc and did not attend the summit but it is extremely sensitive about the content of its statements.
It has often been accused of trying to influence the drafting of statements to muzzle what it sees as challenges to its sweeping sovereignty claim.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang did not directly answer a question on whether China had exerted pressure over the statement.
"Since last year, with the joint efforts of China and ASEAN countries including the Philippines, temperatures in the South China Sea situation have gone down and things have eased up. I think this accords with the interests of countries in the region," Geng told a daily news briefing.
"The relevant situation at this ASEAN summit again fully shows the positive changes in the South China Sea situation and that the joint wish of countries in this region is to seek stability, promote cooperation and seek development, and this should be respected and supported by all sides."
China has reacted angrily to individual members of the regional bloc expressing their concern about its rapid reclamation of reefs in the Spratlys islands and its installation of missile systems on them.
Philippine foreign ministry official Zaldy Patron, who is in-charge of ASEAN affairs, said nobody at the summit had pushed strongly on the South China Sea issue, or mentioned anything about land reclamation and militarisation.
"But on the other hand, the leaders highlighted improving relations between ASEAN and China," Patron said in Manila.
The softer statement comes as Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte seeks to bury the hatchet with China after years of wrangling over its maritime assertiveness and over-lapping claims.
After lobbying from Duterte, China agreed to let Philippine boats back to the rich fishing ground of the disputed Scarborough Shoal following a four-year blockade.
China claims most of the South China Sea. Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan also have competing claims that overlap with China's.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Manny Mogato in Manila; Editing by Robert Birsel)
FILE PHOTO: A general view shows the site where a truck ploughed through a crowd at a Christmas market on Breitscheidplatz square near the fashionable Kurfuerstendamm avenue in the west of Berlin, Germany, December 19, 2016 REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski
FILE PHOTO: A woman prays next to lit candles at the Christmas market in Berlin, Germany, December 20, 2016, where a truck ploughed into the crowd . REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN The Tunisian who killed 12 people by driving a truck into a Christmas market in Berlin received their orders directly from Islamic State, a German magazine reported on Saturday.
The militant group claimed responsibility for the attack on Dec. 19, but it was unclear whether it had planned and executed it, or just inspired the attacker with its calls on supporters to hit targets in enemy countries.
Der Spiegel cited information provided to German security authorities from the United Arab Emirates on Jan. 8 that said Anis Amri, the failed asylum seeker who drove the truck into the crowd, had received an order from a squad within IS.
The squad is known to German authorities from other proceedings against suspected IS militants disguised as refugees, the magazine said.
Amri, who had pledged allegiance to Islamic State, was shot dead by Italian police in Milan four days after the Berlin attack. Islamic State said the attack had been perpetrated by an IS "soldier ... in response to calls to target nationals of the coalition countries".
The federal public prosecutor's office and the BKA federal police are looking into the information provided by the UAE, the magazine said, adding that German authorities considered the source to be reliable.
When asked for comment, the BKA said the federal public prosecutor's office was responsible for providing information on the Amri case. The prosecutor's office declined to comment.
On Wednesday, the prosecutor's office said it had no evidence that other people based in Germany were involved in preparing or carrying out the attack and an evaluation of Amri's mobile phone showed they had communicated with an IS member abroad before and during the attack.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Additional reporting by Holger Hansen; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Mexican championship First Stage matches on Thursday Saturday, April 15 Chiapas 1 Club Tijuana 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Club Tijuana 14 7 4 3 27 19 25 2 Toluca 13 8 1 4 17 13 25 3 Guadalajara 13 7 3 3 19 15 24 4 Monterrey 13 6 5 2 23 14 23 5 America 13 6 3 4 14 12 21 6 Santos Laguna 13 4 8 1 18 14 20 7 Atlas 13 5 4 4 20 17 19 8 Pachuca 13 5 4 4 11 11 19 ------------------------- 9 UNAM 13 5 3 5 21 19 18 10 Monarcas Morelia 13 4 6 3 11 11 18 11 Tigres 13 4 4 5 14 10 16 12 Queretaro 13 4 3 6 16 18 15 13 Veracruz 13 5 0 8 11 18 15 14 Cruz Azul 13 3 5 5 12 14 14 15 Chiapas 14 4 2 8 13 24 14 16 Club Leon 13 3 4 6 16 19 13 17 Necaxa 13 2 5 6 12 20 11 18 Puebla 13 2 4 7 15 22 10 1-8: Championship play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, April 16 Atlas v Santos Laguna (0000) Monarcas Morelia v Club Leon (0000) Tigres v UNAM (0000) Veracruz v Necaxa (0000) Pachuca v Guadalajara (0006) America v Queretaro (0200) Toluca v Monterrey (1700) Puebla v Cruz Azul (2300)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Yamada Green Resources Ltd
* Expects group to report a loss for q3 and nine-month ended 31 March 2017
* Expected loss for 3Q2017 and 9M2017 is mainly attributable to a decline in profit of cultivation business
* Says there were higher selling and distribution expenses incurred in sales of processed food products for domestic market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi stands and observes a minute of silence for the victims of two separate church attacks during Palm Sunday prayers, with leaders of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and the Supreme Council for Police to discuss... REUTERS
CAIRO Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has ratified legal amendments that allow the president to make judicial appointments to its top courts, a move judges said would erode the independence of the judicial system.
Parliament passed the amendments on Wednesday but some judges had called on Sisi to hold off on ratifying them, calling the amendments an unconstitutional breach of separation of powers.
The amendments were issued on Thursday in the official gazette, formally passing them into law.
Elected in 2014 after leading the military's 2013 overthrow of the Muslim Brotherhood's President Mohamed Mursi, Sisi has deflected Western criticism that they have suppressed political opposition and human rights and has sought to present themselves as an indispensable bulwark against terrorism in the Middle East.
Egypt's judiciary has long enjoyed a degree of independence. But judges say a crackdown on the judiciary that started in 2014 has aimed at bringing it under tighter government control.
The amendments stipulate that each court nominate three of its most senior members for leadership, one of whom the president will choose to be its head.
This is a departure from the old system, in which leadership generally passed to the court's most senior member and the president signed off in a largely ceremonial role.
Egypt's judges club, an informal professional association, said on Wednesday it would hold an emergency meeting on May 5 to discuss how to move forward after parliament passed the law. It called on Sisi at the time not to ratify it.
Supporters of the amendments say they are necessary to strengthen Sisi's authority on critical issues such as combating Islamist militants.
Sisi declared a three-month state of emergency nationwide this month after two Islamic State suicide bombings at churches in Tanta and Alexandria killed at least 45.
(Reporting by Mahmoud Mourad, Writing by Eric Knecht, Editing by Angus MacSwan)
PARIS, April 3 European spot electricity prices for day-ahead delivery rose on Monday buoyed by a forecast of an increase in consumption and tight supply, while the year-ahead curve hit a four-week high after preliminary EU 2016 emissions data.
* French baseload power price for Tuesday delivery surged over 8 percent or 3 euros to 39 euros ($41.54) a megawatt-hour (MWh) compared with the price paid on Friday for Monday delivery.
* The German baseload for Tuesday gained 2.70 euros to 39.70 euros/MWh compared with the price paid for Monday delivery.
* Electricity demand is expected to rise by 2.6 gigawatts (GW) day-on-day on Tuesday in France to 54 GW, according to Thomson Reuters data. In Germany, consumption is forecast to rise by 1.4 GW during the same period.
* On the supply side, German wind power production will fall further on Tuesday by more than 1 GW to 2.4 GW, data shows.
* In France, coal, oil and gas fired power generation will fall slightly. Available French nuclear power is seen at 73 percent of capacity.
* France could face further tight supply on Tuesday after utility EDF said on Monday that it has been notified of a 24-hour strike in the French gas and electricity sector starting at 1900 GMT.
* A similar strike last week cut French power output by 5 GW.
* Along the forward curve prices hit a four-week high after the publication of preliminary EU 2016 carbon emissions data, and supported by firmer fuels, a trader said.
* Oil was steady, while gas, coal and carbon rose.
* The baseload German Cal'18 contract gained 2.71 percent to a 30.30 euros/MWh, a level last seen on March 8.
* The equivalent French contract rose nearly 2 percent to 36.15 euros/MWh, a level last reached on March 1.
* European coal prices for 2018 rose 1.36 percent to $67.25 a tonne. EU carbon emissions rights for Dec '17 expiry jumped nearly 3 percent to 4.83 euros a tonne.
* In eastern Europe, the Czech day-ahead contract, which follows the German market closely, rose by 2.25 euros to 38.25 euros. The year-ahead position gained 1 percent to 30.25 euros/MWh. ($1 = 0.9388 euros)
($1 = 0.9381 euros) (Reporting by Bate Felix; Editing by Edmund Blair)
TABLE-Qatar May inflation dropped to the lowest level in years on eve of sanctions
June 15 Qatar's Statistics Authority released the following May consumer price data, showing annual inflation at its lowest level since at least early 2015, when the current data series began. Other Gulf Arab states cut diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in early June. This could boost inflation because the land border with Saudi Arabia is closed and Qatar must now import food and other goods through different channels. QATAR CONSUMER INFLATION 05/17
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 08/04/17 - Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland reacts after the qualifying session at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Mercedes race engineer Tony Ross may have absent-mindedly called Valtteri Bottas 'Nico' during Sunday's Chinese GrandPrix but a blunder demonstrated just how much work the Finnish driver still faces to fill world champion Nico Rosberg's shoes.
Bottas, who has replaced the retired Rosberg this season, ended up apologising to their team after spinning out behind the safety car while in fifth place as they were weaving across the track to warm up their tyres for the restart.
The "silly mistake", as Bottas themselves called it, dropped them down the order and put them out of podium contention, with the 27-year-old eventually finishing sixth, 48 seconds behind their victorious teammate Lewis Hamilton.
"I was trying to have the tyres warmer than any car around to be able to attack and I went too far," Bottas told reporters.
"I apologised to everyone. I guess these things happen but it just feels pretty shit when it happens to you."
Bottas, who raced for Williams last year but has yet to win a race, took the seat vacated by Rosberg after the German announced their shock retirement just days after clinching the title in December last year.
With only four days of testing and two race weekends under their belt and up against a formidable teammate in Hamilton, they are still getting up to speed.
Bottas qualified and finished third on their Mercedes debut a fortnight ago in Australia and qualified third again in China.
Yet Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel split them and pole-sitter Hamilton on both occasions.
Their team boss Toto Wolff advised Bottas to move on from their spin.
"It happens to the best," said Wolff, who is close to Bottas and was a part of their management team. "Analyse it and forget it."
To add to their spin, Bottas lost more time in the pits when the rear of their car had to be lifted physically during a pitstop due to a problem with the jack.
At one point in the race, Ross, who worked as Rosberg's race engineer, even called them 'Nico' on the team radio.
"We still have potential for P4 here, Nico...Valtteri...so just keep pushing," Ross said.
"To be honest, I didn't even notice while driving. It was always going to happen at some point," Bottas said.
"I'm surprised I haven't stopped in the Williams box yet," they added with a smile.
(Editing by Ian Chadband)
0 SHARES 5 VIEWS Share Tweet Share Pin Share Send
The Pennsy Food Hall is excited to announce its grand reveal on Monday, July 17. Located in the heart and soul of Penn Plaza, the refreshed food hall seeks to create a social hub of food, entertainment and bar programming for local businesses, commuters, families, neighbors, tourists and fans at Madison Square Garden.
Intended to spark the revitalization of one of the last great neighborhoods to go under transformation, The Pennsy Food Hall closed in June to renovate, revamp and expand. Unlike other food halls in NYC, The Pennsy will offer a new extensive bar concept with table service, the largest outdoor seating patio for a Food Hall in New York, and curated live music.
Expanded food and beverage options will also be available to answer the demand of the underserved Penn Plaza District. Vendors have lined up to be a part of this burgeoning neighborhood, setting up kiosk-style food booths with new menu concepts and exclusive offerings including: Pat LaFrieda, The Little Beet, Cinnamon Snail, Taco Dumbo (new vendor), Ribalta (new vendor), and Sabi Sushi (new vendor), bringing quality and approachable options for lunch, dinner, tailgating and commuters in and out of Penn Station.
The Pennsy Bar, operated by HPH (Pier A, Le District, Dead Rabbit, Ulysses), is a new high service concept with an expanded, floating bar designed to accommodate the Madison Square Garden fans and featuring 48 taps of seasonally rotating beers, ciders, cocktails and wines. The bar will open up to the outside via industrial garage doors overlooking an outdoor patio, where patrons can enjoy live music, DJ's, 14 HDTV's and entertainment programming.
Owned by Vornado Realty Trust, the evolution of The Pennsy Food Hall offers a 5,300 square foot outdoor patio with 380 seats and 150 seats inside. The Pennsy will be open 7 days a week from 11am – 2am.
TEL AVIV, April 9 (Reuters) -
* Shufersal, Israel's largest supermarket chain, said on Sunday it agreed to buy local drugstore chain New-Pharm Drugstores for 130 million shekels ($35.6 million) from Hamashbir 365 Holdings.
* New-Pharm operates 67 branches throughout Israel.
* The deal is subject to anti-trust approval within three months, Shufersal said in a statement.
* In February, Shufersal, which is controlled by holding company Discount Investment Corp, said it was considering buying New-Pharm.
* ($1 = 3.6500 shekels) (Reporting by Tova Cohen)
The Wonderful West End: A Christmas Gala is to be performed at Nottingham's Royal Concert Hall on Thursday, December 14, starting at 7.30pm.
Celebrate Christmas in style with the magic and glamour of London's West End. Treat yourself to a festive feast of West End showstoppers, performed by the stars of the West End, accompanied on stage by the West End Theatre Orchestra under the watchful eye of musical director Richard Weeden.
With a stocking-full of show-stopping songs from the greatest musicals to include The Phantom of the Opera, Les Misérables, 42nd Street, Annie, Jersey Boys, Jesus Christ Superstar, Mamma Mia!, The Lion King, Wicked and An American in Paris, as well as a medley of musical seasonal hits to put you in the Christmas spirit, you're guaranteed to leave the hall humming.
Call the box office for ticket availability on 0115 9895555.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
* French election graphic tmsnrt.rs/2jLwO20
* European shares fail to hold gains, energy sector weighs
* Oil prices claw back some losses
* Squaring of bearish bets sees euro, French banks rally
* Global reflation trade still under pressure
By Vikram Subhedar
LONDON, April 20 World stocks eked out small gains in choppy trading on Thursday as investors resisted risky bets ahead of the first round of the French presidential election over the weekend.
Oil prices, which fell sharply on Wednesday on supply news, regained some of their losses.
In general, markets cautiously stuck to well-worn trading ranges buffeted by concern over political risks and continued tensions over North Korea.
Stock futures on Wall Street rose 0.3 percent.
MSCI's world stock index was up 0.1 percent.
The FTSE 100, which has slid into negative territory for the year, fell 0.2 percent.
"Given the binary risk of the French presidential elections and geopolitical concerns over North Korea, investors are staying on the sidelines," said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory, Asia, at HSBC Private Banking.
Centrist Emmanuel Macron held on to their lead as favourite to emerge as the eventual victor in the French presidential election, a closely watched poll showed, although it indicated that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday was too close to call.
Millions of French voters remain undecided, making this the least predictable vote in France in decades, and raising fears of a potential surprise result that could spread turmoil in markets.
SQUARING UP
The lack of conviction among market participants spurred some traders to shut down broad bets against the euro and other proxies for election risks such as shares of French banks.
The euro rose 0.4 percent to $1.0751 while France's blue-chip CAC 40 rose as much as 1 percent, led by gains in BNP Paribas and Société Générale.
"Squaring up may be a factor," said BMO strategist Stephen Gallo, noting that markets were still broadly short the euro and cutting back on risk would mean to take those positions off too.
Others warned against reading too much into Thursday's moves.
"Market behaviour is starting to look worryingly similar to the run-up to the Brexit and Trump votes where investors started to overweight marginal shifts/info in polls, creating a self-reinforcing belief that things are OK," Deutsche Bank strategist George Saravelos wrote in a brief note to clients.
Choppy trading in the run-up to the French elections comes as a run of disappointing U.S. economic data and questions about whether the Trump administration can push through tax cuts have dented some of the enthusiasm for risky assets in recent weeks.
A sharp dip to three-week lows in oil prices overnight was the latest sign of an unkind in the global reflation trade. Crude oil clawed back some of the loss but concerns about a supply glut capped the rebound.
"Rising U.S. oil inventory data is now starting to impact the market's aggressive long position in crude," said analysts at Morgan Stanley in a note to clients.
Brent crude futures were up 0.5 percent to $53.22 a barrel after sliding more than 3 percent in the previous session. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were up 0.4 percent.
(Additional reporting by Saikat Chatterjee in HONG KONG and Patrick Graham, Editing by Jeremy Gaunt and Catherine Evans)
Feb 2(Reuters) - Hangzhou TianMuShan Pharmaceutical Enterprise Co Ltd
* Says co's Yinchuan-based endowment and wellness unit received government subsidy of 36.9 million yuan recently
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/GCrWUt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Dollar's rise driven by hopes of more U.S. rate hikes in 2017 * Market believes dollar could weaken at any time -analyst * Foreigners set to mark 3rd straight stock-buying session SEOUL, March 29 The South Korean won was steady early on Wednesday as month-end dollar-selling from local exporters offset the greenback's rise driven by expectations of more U.S. interest rate hikes this year. The won was quoted at 1,114.0 against the dollar as of 0159 GMT, little changed from Tuesday's close of 1,113.0. The dollar bounced from 4-month lows after data showed U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March. "Though the U.S. economic indicator pointed to a boost in the economy there, most of the market players seem to believe the dollar can turn weaker at any time," said Park Sung-woo, a foreign exchange analyst at NH Futures. South Korean shares were also subdued with the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) flat at 2,164.13 points. Foreign investors were set to be net buyers for three consecutive days, purchasing 17.3 billion Korean won ($15.54 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. The sub-index for transportation equipment dropped 1.2 percent with Hyundai Motor down more than 1 percent and Hyundai Mobis dropping nearly 3 percent. Chipmaker SK Hynix rose 2.5 percent on hopes of strongest-ever quarterly earnings. Decliners outnumbered advancers 464 to 319. June futures on three-year treasury bonds were unchanged at 109.47. 0159 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,114.0 1,113.0 Yen/won 10.0090/26 10.0316 *KTB futures 109.47 109.47 KOSPI 2,164.13 2,163.31 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
April 20 Nextage Co Ltd
* Says it will offer an off-floor distribution of 100,000 shares on Tokyo Stock Exchange between May 10 and May 11
* Offering price will be determined based on the closing share price of the day before the distribution
* Says the limitation for distribution is up to 100 shares for each customer
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/oiy2h7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON, April 12 (IFR) - Saudi Arabia has cut pricing by 10bp on both tranches of its debut US dollar sukuk offering, according to leads.
The sovereign has announced guidance of 105bp area over mid-swaps for the five-year note and 145bp area for the 10-year.
That compares with initial marketing levels of plus 115bp area and plus 155bp area.
The combined order books are over US$25bn.
The deal will be priced later today.
Citi, HSBC (B&D) and JP Morgan are global coordinators. They are joined as leads by BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank and NCB Capital.
The 144A/Reg S deal will be rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Fitch.
(Reporting by Sudip Roy, editing by Julian Baker)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A man from Russia's Muslim Dagestan region has been charged with links to an illegal armed group, a court official in Dagestan said, years after they began helping families persuade sons recruited by Islamic State to renounce the militants and leave Syria.
Kazim Nurmagomedov, 63, was detained in Moscow on Wednesday and transferred to Dagestan where they were formally arrested on Thursday on charges of assisting in a crime related to an illegal armed group in Russia or abroad, the official confirmed.
Nurmagomedov has gained prominence by dissuading young men from joining Islamic State and helping families persuade their sons to leave the group's ranks in Syria. They also helped their own son Marat quit Islamic State and leave Syria.
Marat, 33, told Reuters in July from Ukraine that they had joined Islamic State in 2013, but two years later had changed their mind.
They walked across the Syrian border into Turkey and finally settled in Ukraine, they said, slipping in unnoticed thanks to a breakdown in intelligence-sharing between Moscow and Kiev after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014.
Everyone in the family had tried to convince Marat, who told Reuters that they had now renounced violent Islamism, to leave Islamic State.
But Marat's brother Shamil, a business person in the Moscow region, was arrested for sending money to help them get out of Syria and charged with financing terrorism.
On Wednesday, Kazim Nurmagomedov was detained as they were leaving Shamil's trial in Moscow, which is still going on, another of their sons, Imagadji, told Reuters.
“Naturally, they (Kazim Nurmagomedov) denies they are guilty,” Imagadji said.
Denis Sokolov, an expert on the northern Caucasus region, said that Kazim appeared to have been arrested at least in part because they had gained prominence with their attempts to dissuade others from joining IS, throwing a spotlight on an issue that might be uncomfortable to Russian authorities.
They said Kazim had befriended many families and encouraged or helped them to try to bring home children who had gone to join Islamic State.
“I don't know anyone else who has extracted that many people from Islamic State, or stopped such a large number from going to join them in the first place,” Sokolov said.
The official at the court in Dagestan declined to comment further on the charges against Kazim.
May 3 U.S. shale oil company Pioneer Natural Resources Co on Wednesday reported a smaller quarterly loss, helped by higher crude prices and increased production.
Pioneer's net loss attributable to shareholders narrowed to $42 million, or 25 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $267 million, or $1.65 per share, a year earlier.
The Dallas-based company's revenue more than doubled to $1.47 billion. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Starzen Co Ltd
* Says it names current president Tsuyoshi Nakatsuhama as chairperson and president, effective April 1
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/8goqzy
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 12 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 6 points higher on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers. * BHP: Anglo-Australian miner BHP Billiton, on Wednesday dismissed a wide-ranging proposal by shareholder Elliott Advisors to overhaul its corporate strategy and sell off oil interests, saying the costs would far outweigh the benefits. * BARCLAYS: Investors have warned that it is “entirely possible” that British regulators would force Barclays' chief executive out of the job, the Telegraph reported on Tuesday. (bit.ly/2oV6IMG). * RBS: Former Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Fred Goodwin is scheduled to appear in court at the start of June over claims the lender misled investors over its 2008 share sale, a draft timetable released on Tuesday showed. * EU-BANKS REGULATIONS: The European Union's markets watchdog will issue guidance and possible curbs for national regulators in coming weeks to stop a "race to the bottom" to attract UK-based financial firms after Brexit, it said on Tuesday. * The UK blue chip index ended up 0.2 percent on Tuesday, after hitting earlier in the session a three-week high, outpacing European markets, while mid and small-caps hit fresh record highs with strong gains from JD Sports and Balfour Beatty driving the index. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Tesco Plc Full Year 2017 Tesco Plc WH Smith Plc Half Year 2017 WH Smith Plc Carr's Group Plc Half Year 2017 Carr's Group Plc Dunelm Group Plc Dunelm Group Plc Trading Statement Pagegroup Plc Trading Update TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar; Editing by Sunil Nair)
March 31 Taiji Computer Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/h6qZVw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
LONDON May 3 Bankers have lined up to US$2.5bn-equivalent of debt financing to back the acquisition of publicly-listed Hong Kong-based international schools operator Nord Anglia Education, banking sources said on Wednesday.
Global coordinators Deutsche Bank and HSBC, alongside bookrunners Credit Suisse and Macquarie, have underwritten a debt financing, which will be in the form of leveraged loans, denominated in dollars and euros.
Some US$2.5bn of debt equates to around 7.5 times Nord Anglia's Ebitda, the sources added.
The financing is set to be syndicated to institutional investors in the US and Europe, the sources said.
CPPIB, Baring Private Equity Asia and Nord Anglia were not immediately available to comment.
A number of US bankers said they were unable to commit to the deal as leverage exceeds the 6.0 times debt-to-earnings ratio cap imposed on regulated banks that fall under the remit of the US Leveraged Lending Guidelines.
The investigative arm of Congress has been asked to review the guidelines on US lending, released in 2013, that critics say have put a crimp in bank loans to businesses. US Senator Pat Toomey asked the US Government Accountability Office to determine the formal status of the guidelines, which have never been approved by Congress.
“High leverage excludes US banks from these deals. It is very binary and there isn't much leeway,” one of the sources said.
The deal is likely to be welcomed by banks and investors alike, frustrated by a surge of repricings and refinancings this year as sponsors take advantage of the excess levels of cash available to push for tighter pricing on portfolio credits, amid a lack of new money deals.
Nord Anglia said it would be taken private by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) and Baring Private Equity Asia on April 25, in a deal that values the company at US$4.3bn, including debt.
Baring has a 67% stake in Nord Anglia, which operates 43 schools in 15 countries.
The deal includes a so-called go-shop period, during which Nord Anglia can evaluate proposals from other buyers for 30 days. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
March 28 NS Solutions Corp :
* Says it will retire 6.5 million shares (6.1 percent stake) of its common stock on April 14
* Says the total shares outstanding will be 99.5 million shares after the retirement
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/iC7dJK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 NanoRepro AG:
* To increase share capital in the amount of currently 5,654,972 euros by issuing up to 565,028 new no-par-shares with a notional share in the share capital of 1.00 euro each up to 6,220,000 euros ($6.63 million)
* Issue price 1.10 euros per new earnings per share; expected gross proceeds of up to 621,530.80 euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9378 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BOSTON (AP) — The Latest on the 121st running of the Boston Marathon (all times local):
9:45 a.m.
Runners in the Boston Marathon had high temperatures to deal with.
But they also got a strong tailwind that could help, too.
Temperatures hit 70 degrees under mostly sunny skies when the elite women left the start in Hopkinton. It was 69 and warming at the halfway point in Wellesley and expected to be up to 72 degrees by the time the runners reached the finish in Boston's Back Bay.
A tailwind of 13 mph gave the runners a push at the start on Monday. Gusts were expected of up to 30 mph.
A strong tailwind and cooler temperatures in 2011 helped Geoffrey Mutai finish in 2 hours, 3 minutes, 2 seconds. That was the fastest marathon in history at the time, though not a world record because the Boston course does not qualify for world records.
The world record is 2:02:57, set by Kenyan runner Dennis Kimetto in Berlin in 2014.
–Jimmy Golen in Boston
___
9:35 a.m.
The elite women are on their way in the 121st running of the Boston Marathon.
The field started at 9:32 a.m. They'll be followed at 10 a.m. by the elite men.
Atsede Baysa of Ethiopia is back to defend their women's title. She's joined in the field by countrywoman Buzunesh Deba, the 2014 champion.
The top U.S. woman is Desi Linden, a two-time Olympian who's placed in the top 10 in Boston three times.
___
9:20 a.m.
The 121st running of the Boston Marathon is getting underway in waves for the 30,000 athletes.
Mobility impaired athletes — the blind and those with prostheses or other challenges — started at 8:50 a.m. Monday.
They were followed by the men's push rim wheelchair athletes at 9:17 a.m., and the women two minutes later.
The elite women start at 9:32 a.m., and the elite men and the rest of wave one get underway at 10 a.m.
There are three more waves that set up a staggered start: wave two at 10:25 a.m., wave three at 10:50 a.m. and wave four at 11:15 a.m.
___
8:50 a.m.
The 121st running of the Boston Marathon is officially underway with the mobility impaired athletes.
Runners who are blind, wear prostheses or have other challenges set off from Hopkinton, Massachusetts, on Monday morning.
The rest of the field will follow in waves.
Monday's race is getting started in temperatures of 66 degrees Fahrenheit (19 degrees Celsius.) That's ideal for spectators but a bit warm for many runners.
The leading men will include Galen Rupp, the bronze medalist in the Rio Olympics, running Boston for the first time, and 2014 champion Meb Keflezighi (kuh-FLEHZ-key.)
The top U.S. woman is Desi Linden, a two-time Olympian who's placed in the top 10 in Boston three times.
Security has been extra tight since 2013, when bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
March 31Shandong Jincheng Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 20 percent to 50 percent, or to be 49.3 million yuan to 61.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (41.1 million yuan)
* Says increased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/h15dqa
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 13 The controversial Dakota Access Pipeline will begin interstate crude oil delivery on May 14, according to a filing with the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Energy Transfer Partners on Thursday filed what is known as a tariff, which lays out details about the line and the oil to be delivered.
The Dakota Access line runs from western North Dakota to Patoka, Illinois. (Reporting by David Gaffen; Editing by Sandra Maler)
U.S. sandwich chain Subway Restaurants said on Thursday it shut 359 restaurants in the United States last year, amid stiff competition in a highly fragmented fast-food industry.
Subway, owned by Doctor's Associates Inc, is the world's largest fast-food chain by number of restaurants. It had 26,744 locations operating in the United States at the end of 2016.
"We will continue to relocate some shops to better locations and look for new sites — both traditional and non-traditional," the company said in an e-mailed statement.
Subway said its U.S. sales fell 1.7 percent to $11.3 billion last year, while international sales climbed 3.7 percent to $5.8 billion, reflecting a focus on overseas growth.
Subway rival McDonald's has also reduced the number of its U.S. locations in recent years, as it seeks to cut costs by franchising out more restaurants.
Milford, Connecticut-based Subway is 100 percent franchised.
Subway on Wednesday named former McDonald's Corp (MCD.N) executive Karlin Linhardt senior vice president of marketing in the U.S. and Canada.
U.S. restaurants have faced lackluster demand in recent months as more people choose to cook at home amid lower grocery prices.
Minimum wage increases have also hit restaurant chains, forcing them to hike menu prices in response.
(Reporting by Karina Dsouza in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - JHL BIOTECH INC :
* Says it plans to issue private placement convertible corporate bonds worth up to $150 million
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/jx1HgL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Soccer-Humbled Australia brace for more lessons in Russia
MELBOURNE, June 14 Australia's 4-0 home loss to Brazil could be regarded as both the perfect preparation for the Confederations Cup and a stinging reality check for a side desperate to take a seat at the top table of international soccer.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
FILE PHOTO: The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites, being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse, a business unit of Toshiba, near Waynesboro, Georgia, U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017. Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
BEIJING Toshiba Corp's Westinghouse Electric Co unit will continue operating normally in Asia and Europe, despite the ongoing Chapter 11 restructuring, an executive at the troubled company said on Friday.
Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy last month, hit by billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the United States.
Despite the filing, the company will continue existing projects in China and pursue others, focusing on engineering and procurement rather than construction, said Gavin Liu, Westinghouse's president for Asia, at an industry event.
The plan was to decouple the U.S. AP1000 nuclear reactors from the rest of Westinghouse's operations, which they said was "very healthy and profitable."
"The rest of the Westinghouse business, the healthy part, which is new plant construction, fuel, service, decommissioning - we anticipate an ownership change," Liu said, adding that there has been "high interest from the financial community".
A source with knowledge of the issue told Reuters that about 10 potential bidders had shown interest, including Western Digital Corp, rival Micron Technology Inc, South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc and financial investors.
The Trump administration and Japanese government are in discussions to ensure that its bankruptcy does not lead to U.S. technology secrets and infrastructure falling into Chinese hands.
Four 1,000 megawatt medium-sized nuclear reactors designed by Westinghouse are under construction in China, which is increasing its use of the energy form as it seeks to limit the country's reliance on other power sources such as dirty coal.
Liu said that the first AP1000 units in Sanmen and Haiyang were moving into the final stage of fuel loading and the Sanmen unit was on track to be put in commercial operation by the end of this year.
"As long as the first unit is online commercially, that is the foundation for the industry and the government to approve future AP1000 units," they said.
They added that Westinghouse was not concerned about competition from China's domestically-developed third-generation reactor, Hualong One.
"Hualong is a Chinese indigenous design based on China's early years experience in the nuclear area. It reflects the Chinese industry's own capabilities," they said.
"The future market will tell."
(Reporting by David Stanway; Writing by Brenda Goh in SHANGHAI; Editing by Kim Coghill and Randy Fabi)
April 3 Trilogy International Partners Inc -
* New Zealand unit, 2degrees, filed joint proposal with Vodafone, Spark for broadband, mobile services in rural New Zealand
* If successful, bid would see Vodafone,Spark, 2degrees make capital contribution of NZ$75 million to establish infrastructure Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Mansfield man who was banned from town centre pubs for seven years shouted and swore at officers in the marketplace after their friend was hit by a doorman, a court heard.
Jamie Strouther began shouting abuse at officers when they were called to the incident, in the early evening, of July 29.
“The defendant shouted and swore repeatedly while police tried to speak to another person,” said prosecutor Leanne Townshead. “He continued to get in the way of them until they were arrested.”
Strouther, 26, of Pye Avenue, admitted using threatening or abusive words and behaviour when they appeared before Mansfield magistrates, on Monday.
The court heard they had 16 previous convictions for public order offences, the last of which was on June 22, when they were fined £40.
Michael Little, mitigating, said Strouther had been having a “good night out” with a group of friends, when one of them was struck by a doorman, and a scuffle ensued.
“A lot of their friends were trying to intervene,” said Mr Little. “Police took the side of the door staff and a number of Mr Strouther's group took exception to this.
“Unfortunately, that's when Mr Strouther got involved. They wanted the police to know their friend wasn't to blame.”
They said Strouther was currently seeing a forensic psychologist for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Strouther told the court they had been on a Pubwatch ban of town centre pubs for the last seven years, which recently ended, but had since been reinstated.
They said police officers were happy for them to be in the town centre, but the door staff objected to them being there.
“As soon as I open my mouth I get nicked,” they told the bench. “I should be able to go town if I am not offending.”
They were fined £80 and ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge.
WASHINGTON, April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump hopes to sign "several more" measures into law before the end of April to roll back Obama-era regulations under the time-limited Congressional Review Act (CRA), said a White House official on Wednesday.
Since Trump took office on Jan. 20, Congress has approved 13 CRA resolutions rolling back Obama-era regulations, most concern to business interests. Trump has signed 11 of these into law.
"There are several more that we hope to sign before this window closes on April 28," said Marc Short, director of legislative affairs at the White House, on a conference call with reporters. (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Meredith Mazzilli)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — A person familiar with the deal tells The Associated Press that free-agent relief pitcher Pat Neshek is returning to the Philadelphia Phillies.
Neshek will get a $16.5 million, two-year contact pending a successful physical. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because there was no official announcement on the agreement.
The 37-year-old Neshek was an All-Star last year in their first season in Philadelphia. The Phillies then traded them to playoff-contending Colorado in late July for three prospects.
The side-slinging righty was a combined 5-3 with one save and a 1.59 ERA in 71 games. They had a 1.12 ERA in 43 games for the last-place Phillies.
LONDON, April 12 U.S. investors, drawn by a brightening European earnings outlook and relatively cheaper valuations than at home, are pumping more funds into regional stocks, according to data from UBS.
Flows data from UBS showed that U.S. net buying of European equity exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in March was the highest since October 2015. European ETFs suffered 11 straight months of outflows last year.
Stronger earnings in Europe have tempted investors back to a region which has been beset by political risks, commodity prices and its exposure to emerging markets in recent years.
First quarter earnings in Europe are set to increase 7.1 percent from the same period in 2016, which would be an increase of 2.8 percent excluding the Energy sector, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data.
Last year the pan-European STOXX 600 index declined 1.2 percent, compared with a 9 percent rise for the S&P 500 . Currently the STOXX 600 is up around 6 percent in 2017.
At the sector level, UBS said that they have seen a slowdown in reflation trade beneficiaries, which gathered pace in the second half of 2016 when investors rotated into cyclical sectors such as banks, industrials and commodity-linked firms.
Instead, investors have been buying pharma and Switzerland, which has seen the biggest net buying since UBS' data began in 2005. (Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
Sleep aids linked to the deaths of 12 babies have been pulled from Tesco shelves.
eBay has also withdrawn the items from sale, but other British supermarkets and high street retailers as well online firms are still selling the baby sleep positioners.
Tesco and eBay say they have stopped selling the baby sleep positioners, which have been linked to 12 deaths in the US, with Mothercare reportedly following suit.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had previously advised parents not to use the products, and renewed its advice this week, re-emphasising its warning that the pillows can cause newborns to suffocate.
The sleep positioners, also called “nests” or “anti-roll” cushions, are supposed to help babies to get to sleep, but instead there are fears that they could cut off a baby's oxygen.
According to the FDA, the deaths occurred when babies rolled from their sides onto their fronts before they stopped breathing.
The Lullaby Trust (www.lullabytrust.org.uk), a cot death charity which advises the NHS, offers an advice sheet which states: “There is no need to use any type of equipment or rolled up blankets to keep your baby in one position unless you have been advised by a health professional for a specific medical condition.
“It is much safer for your baby to be in their cot with just the sheets or blankets, and no extras which could be pulled over their face or cause an accident.”
(Reuters) - Troubled Provident Financial (PFG.L) has appointed acting chairperson Malcolm Le ‎May as its CEO with immediate effect, it said on Friday, giving them the challenge of reviving its door-to-door lending operations.
Le ‎May, appointed to Provident's board in 2014, fills a position that has been vacant since August when a second profit warning in quick succession prompted the departure of CEO Peter Crook and suspension of its dividend.
The British sub-prime lender has been trying to reorganise a business that has traditionally relied on self-employed agents offering high-interest loans of between 100 and 1,000 pounds and collecting repayment through weekly household visits.
But it had been unable to recruit enough people for its plan to replace external agents with direct employees.
The company, which was founded in 1880 and provided loans through the Wall Street crash of 1929 and both world wars, also faces investigations by Britain's financial watchdog into two of its businesses.
Provident, which is worth about 988 million pounds, lost almost 70 percent of its value last year. Its shares were trading 4.5 percent higher at 700 pence at 0911 GMT, the second biggest gainers on the FTSE Midcap index .FTMC.
“We were expecting and hoping to see an external appointment, to bring a fresh perspective and recovery strategy. That said, this news is likely to lead a relief rally,” Liberum analyst Justin Bates, who rates provident as “sell”, said.
Le May said that their key objective was to turn around the group.
They have previously worked at Barclays (BARC.L) and UBS (UBSG.S) and took over as Provident's acting chair after the sudden death in November of former investment banker Manjit Wolstenholme.
The company said its home credit arm “continued to make good operational progress” and that talks continue with the Financial Conduct Authority relating to investigations of its Vanquis Bank and Moneybarn businesses.
“The statement says nothing to suggest that a cash call will not be necessary and, anecdotally, we hear that attrition trends are challenging,” Goodbody analyst John Cronin said.
“We do not believe that today's positive news is sufficiently strong to drive a substantial unwind of short positions and investors have good reason to remain cautious.”
Fourteen hedge funds were still betting on Provident's share price to fall further as of Thursday, according to disclosures with the British regulator.
FILE PHOTO - The Allergan logo is seen in this photo illustration in Singapore November 23, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas White/File Photo
Allergan plc (AGN.N) said on Wednesday that its Botox blockbuster wrinkle treatment just missed achieving a significant improvement in treating depression in a mid-stage trial, but it found the data encouraging enough to move into larger Phase III testing.
Allergan said results from the trial on the lower of two tested doses compared with placebo were close to what has been seen with more traditional antidepressants on the market and consistent with what had been reported from earlier, smaller Botox depression trials conducted by independent researchers.
"We are encouraged by these data and the potential impact on adults with major depressive disorder," Allergan research chief David Nicholson said in a statement. "We plan to move forward and develop a Phase 3 program for a potential new treatment option for patients."
While erasing facial wrinkles remains the best known use for Botox and accounted for roughly half of its global sales of $2.78 billion in 2016, Allergan has continually tested the drug for a wide variety of medical conditions.
Among the already approved medical uses for Botox are chronic migraine, overactive bladder, severe underarm sweating, eyelid spasms and limb spasticity.
The drug, given through a series of facial injections, just missed achieving a statistically significant improvement compared with placebo on the lower of two tested doses as measured by change from baseline at week 6 in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), the company said.
In the 258-patient trial, Botox was tested in adult females suffering from major depressive disorder. The 30-unit dose lowered the MADRS score by 3.6 points at week 6 compared with placebo. The 50-unit dose failed to show a difference from placebo, but both were well tolerated, the company said.
Allergan believes that by modifying facial expression and muscle contractions via Botox injections, there may also be a modification of brain circuitry at work in depression.
In designing larger Phase III trials, Allergan hopes it can better control for any placebo effect common in depression trials and demonstrate a more clearly significant result for Botox after the near miss, Mitchell Brin, Allergan's chief scientific officer for Botox, said in a telephone interview.
(Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Leslie Adler)
DENTON, Texas — Roosevelt Smart had 28 points and DJ Draper scored 10 of their 12 points in the final five minutes to help North Texas rally for a 74-70 win over Rice on Saturday.
Allante Holston scored 13 points on 5-of-7 shooting for North Texas (13-10, 6-4 Conference USA), which has won three in a row.
Connor Cashaw's 3-pointer gave Rice (5-18, 2-8) a 56-47 lead with 8 1/2 minutes to play, but the Mean Green scored 13 of the next 17 points, tying it on a Draper 3. Draper made a layup and a 3-pointer and Smart made a pair of free throws for a 71-67 lead with 1:11 left. Bishop Mency hit a 3 for Rice but the Owls had two turnovers while North Texas was 3 of 4 from the foul line.
Cashaw had 18 points and eight rebounds, and Mercy scored 17, for Rice, which had 18 turnovers that cost 22 points.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
April 13 Fast Retailing Co Ltd
* Fast Retailing says Uniqlo Japan FY same-store sales expected to rise about 1.8 percent year-on-year
* Fast Retailing says Greater China, Southeast Asia expected to lead growth at Uniqlo International this FY
* Fast Retailing says profit at GU brand expected to rise in H2, but still down for full year Further company coverage: (Reporting by Chris Gallagher and Sam Nussey)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Universal Logistics Holdings Inc:
* UNIVERSAL LOGISTICS HOLDINGS, INC. ACQUIRES FORE TRANSPORTATION, INC.
* UNIVERSAL LOGISTICS HOLDINGS INC - DEAL FOR PURCHASE PRICE WAS $34.9 MILLION
* UNIVERSAL LOGISTICS HOLDINGS INC - ‍UNIVERSAL EXPECTS ACQUISITION TO BE IMMEDIATELY ACCRETIVE​
* UNIVERSAL LOGISTICS - TO FUND ACQUISITION, CO USED AVAILABLE CASH, BORROWED ABOUT $31.3 MILLION USING MARGIN CREDIT FACILITY, AMONG OTHERS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
Independent investment firm Shore Capital Group Ltd (SGRS.L) said its founder Howard Shore would step down as group chief executive.
The company named Simon Fine and David Kaye as joint CEOs.
Howard Shore will remain executive chairperson of the group and will focus on its international investment strategy, the investment firm said in a statement.
Separately, the company posted a 21 percent rise in revenue for the year ended Dec. 31.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ChineseAll Digital Publishing Group Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to buy 80 percent stake in Morning Tec, a game culture company, for 1.5 billion yuan via cash, share issue
* It will hold 100 percent stake in target company after transaction
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/TcToFi
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Yantai Yuancheng Gold Co Ltd:
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO HALT FROM FEB 5 PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT RELATED TO SHARE TRANSFER Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nviz1K Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOSTON - A 20-year-old Syracuse University journalism student made history in 1967 by becoming the first woman to officially enter the Boston Marathon.
Now, 50 years later, Kathrine Switzer will return to the Boston Marathon starting line wearing the same number an official tried to rip off their clothing in the 1967 race.
The incident was captured in an iconic photo that turned Switzer into a role model and launched their career as an advocate for women's equality in sports. Now 70, with 39 marathons under their belt, it will be their first time running the Boston race since 1976 and their first marathon since 2011.
Switzer has said they did not intend to break barriers by entering the race. After all, another woman, Roberta Bingay Gibb, had completed the Boston Marathon the year before without a bib.
But the photo exposed the ugly nature of sexism in sports, thrusting Switzer into the spotlight and altering the course of their life.
"Everything changed," they told CNN affiliate WBZ-TV. "I said, 'This is going to change my life, maybe going to change women's sports and change the world.'"
'No dame ever ran the Boston Marathon'
Unlike Gibb, Switzer managed to score a bib by signing up with their initials, K.V. Switzer. As they tell it, there were no official written rules saying only men could enter the race. Nor was there a spot on the entry form to select gender.
But in those days women rarely participated in professional or competitive sports. Even their coach at Syracuse -- where Switzer trained with the men's cross-country team -- told them the distance was too long for "fragile women."
"No dame ever ran the Boston Marathon!" coach Arnie Briggs told her, according to their memoir, "Marathon Woman." But if they could run the distance in practice they promised to take them to Boston.
When Switzer completed the 26-mile trial, Briggs insisted they sign up officially. They said they used their initials because their first name was misspelled on their birth certificate, Kathrine, and they were tired of repeating the error. Plus, they said they wanted to be a writer, and using their initials, like J.D. Salinger and e.e. cummings, seemed like a "cool, writerly" thing to do.
Them bib number would come to represent fearlessness in the face of adversity for female runners ever since. The Boston Marathon will retire number 261 in Switzer's honor after they run the race on Monday with supporters from around the world.
'Give me those numbers!'
Switzer said they did not try to hide the fact they were a woman. They wore lipstick, earrings and burgundy shorts, but ended up wearing baggy sweats over their "feminine" running gear because of the wintry weather.
It was snowing by the time they and their teammates reached the starting line in Hopkinton. One of them told them to wipe off their lipstick so organizers would not notice them They refused and began the race.
A few miles in they saw a man with a felt hat and overcoat in the middle of the road shaking their finger at them as they passed. Then, they heard the sound of leather shoes, a distinctly different noise from the (patter) of rubber soles, and knew something was wrong.
"Instinctively I jerked my head around quickly and looked square into the most vicious face I'd ever seen. A big man, a huge man, with bared teeth was set to pounce, and before I could react they grabbed my shoulder and flung me back, screaming, 'Get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers!'" they wrote in their memoir.
The man was race director Jock Semple. Press photographers captured Semple's contorted face as they grabbed at Switzer's numbers while their boyfriend pulled Semple off them
After escaping the scene they ambled on for a few miles before their anger transformed into energy. They finished the race in four hours and 20 minutes, but would later be disqualified and expelled from the Amateur Athletic Union.
Support soon eclipsed the fallout and they became a celebrity.
'I could not let fear stop me'
Switzer used their influence to campaign to get women into the Boston Marathon by 1972. They went on to run 39 marathons, winning the New York City Marathon in 1974 and achieving their personal best in 1975, 2:51:33, when they finished second in Boston.
They created the Avon International Running Circuit of women's-only races in 27 countries, paving the way for the first women's Olympic marathon in 1984. They became an author and TV commentator for the Olympics, World and National championships before returning to marathons at 64.
Along the way, 261 became a rallying cry among female runners. Switzer formed 261 Fearless, a nonprofit running club for women that has groups across the country. Some of its members will join Switzer for their victory lap on Monday, wearing the 261 bib to raise money for charity.
Why didn't they drop out of the 1967 race? Them website FAQs include a prepared response:
"Because I knew if I did that no one would believe women could run distances and deserved to be in the Boston Marathon; they would just think that I was a clown, and that women were barging into events where they had no ability. I was serious about my running and I could not let fear stop me," they said.
March 29 Champion Microelectronic Corp :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.65 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$ 0.65 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/n5y0qN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Futures pointed to a modestly lower start for Canadian stocks on Wednesday, a day after the main stock index hit their highest in nearly six weeks on gains in shares of mining and energy companies.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were down 0.05 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.01 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.08 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.11 percent.
No major Canadian economic releases are scheduled for the day.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Department store retailer Hudson's Bay Co reported a quarterly loss on Tuesday, due in part to an impairment charge related to weak sales at Saks OFF 5TH and Gilt.
Cenovus Energy said on Tuesday it priced a $2.9 billion offering of senior notes to fund the acquisition of assets in Western Canada from ConocoPhillips.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Imperial Oil Ltd: Goldman Sachs cuts rating to "sell" from "neutral"
Rogers Communications Inc: CIBC cuts rating to "neutral" from "outperform"
Trek Mining Inc: National Bank Financial resumes coverage with "outperform" rating
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1251.4; -0.29 percent
US crude: $51.54; +1 percent
Brent crude: $54.69; +0.96 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5850.5; +1.23 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON WEDNESDAY
0815 ADP national employment for Mar: Expected 187,000; Prior 298,000
0945 Markit Composite Final PMI for Mar: Prior 53.2
0945 Markit Services PMI Final for Mar: Prior 52.9
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing PMI for Mar: Expected 57.0; Prior 57.6
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing Business Activity for Mar: Expected 61.5; Prior 63.6
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing Employment Index for Mar: Prior 55.2
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing New Orders Index for Mar: Prior 61.2
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing Price Paid Index for Mar: Prior 57.7
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.34) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
AMSTERDAM Airbus (AIR.PA) Chief Executive Tom Enders is in the early stages of considering whether to seek another term as head of Europe's largest aerospace company when their mandate expires in 2019, and says they are not currently thinking about retirement.
The German-born executive told Reuters in an interview they were far from bored after five years in the job, during which the company has gone through sweeping governance changes as well as a reorganization whose final step was approved on Wednesday.
"It is up to shareholders and the board to decide. I am 58 now and I am not close to retirement. (Former CEO) Louis (Gallois) retired from the company aged 68, which is not my benchmark, but in 2019 I will only be 60," they said.
Enders was speaking after shareholders approved a change in the name of the company's Dutch-registered top entity to Airbus SE from Airbus Group SE, completing an overhaul which saw the group merge with its main jetmaking division earlier this year.
The recent shake-up saw Frenchman Fabrice Bregier, who runs the planemaking business, add the new role of chief operating officer of the unified company, with an official No. 2 role.
Uncertainty over Enders' plans could test what is often painted as a guarded relationship between them and Bregier, a tandem seen as vital to keeping the Franco-German-led aerospace company on track as it breaks away from years of in-fighting.
Although Bregier is widely viewed as the main candidate to replace Enders, their status as heir apparent has not officially been confirmed and a delayed handover could allow others to develop the profile needed to be considered, analysts say.
Bregier has said they are focused on running the airplane business, which is the main rival to U.S. planemaker Boeing (BA.N), and their new company-wide operational duties.
Enders is expected to let the board know around March next year whether they would like to stay in the 3 million euros ($3.2 mln) a year post, giving the company a year to polish its succession plans.
Asked whether they would seek a new mandate from 2019, Enders said, "It depends on many things. If it were boring then that would be a different story, but this company has plenty of challenges - sometimes more than I would like - and it is a fascinating one and I am still relatively young, but we will see. There is no need to take any decision on that now."
($1 = 0.9439 euros)
(Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
April 6 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Thursday:
** Seven & i Holdings Co on said it would buy convenience stores and petrol stations from Texas-based Sunoco LP for about $3.3 billion, as the Japanese retailer closes in on its goal to reach 10,000 North American outlets.
** Unilever promised a multi-billion pound programme of shareholder rewards after a corporate rethink sparked by a takeover approach from Kraft Heinz, aiming to prove it can generate lucrative returns as an independent company.
** Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri has reached a preliminary deal to buy a stake of between 45 percent and 49 percent in French rival STX France, Le Monde newspaper reported, citing sources with knowledge of the transaction.
** Old Mutual has put up for sale its 50 percent stake in a Chinese insurance joint venture, people with direct knowledge of the matter said, as part of a revamp of the Anglo-South African financial group and amid a tough market for foreign insurers in China.
** China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, the Canadian miner said.
** French group Saint-Gobain has extended until the end of this year its contract to buy a controlling stake in Swiss construction chemicals maker Sika from Sika's founding family and may prolong it again until the end of 2018, it said.
** Britain's Co-operative Group, the mutually-owned supermarkets to funeral services group, wrote off the value of its stake in the struggling Co-operative Bank, citing uncertainty about the value of the bank during its sale process.
** The board of Bank Hapoalim, Israel's largest lender, has instructed management to explore options for selling off its credit card unit Isracard, the bank said.
** German consumer goods group Henkel will keep looking for acquisitions to bolster its business, its new chief executive said.
** U.S. drug distributor Cardinal Health Inc is nearing a deal to acquire medical device maker Medtronic Plc's medical supplies business for close to $6 billion, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
** MGM Holdings Inc said it would acquire the 81 percent of premium U.S. channel Epix it does not already own from two of its partners, Viacom Inc and Lionsgate Entertainment Corp, for about $1 billion.
** Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos said on Wednesday they are selling about $1 billion worth of the internet retailer's stock annually to fund their Blue Origin rocket company, which aims to launch paying passengers on 11-minute space rides starting next year. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
TOKYO Japan's population will fall nearly a third by 2065, with almost 40 percent aged 65 or older and the working population labouring under a tougher pension burden, although the pace of population decline has slowed slightly, a government agency said on Monday.
Solutions to Japan's population slide have eluded policymakers for decades, putting finances under growing pressure as demand for pensions surges.
In 2015, the government established a new cabinet minister with the task of keeping the population from slipping below the demographic red line of 100 million by 2060.
A projection for 50 years, conducted once every five years by a branch of the Health Ministry, showed that the pace of population decline has slowed slightly from the last estimate in 2012, with the total set to fall below 100 million in 2053.
Earlier, the population was expected to fall to less than 100 million by 2048.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the slower pace of population decline showed government policies were working.
"I am sure that the next five years will show even more of an impact," Suga told a news conference.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said the ageing, shrinking population is not a burden but an incentive to boost productivity through innovations like robots, wireless sensors and Artificial Intelligence.
People aged 65 or older are expected to make up 38.4 percent of the population in 2065, with those 14 and under at 10.2 percent.
In 2015, the base year for the survey, people aged 65 or older made up 26.6 percent of the population, while those 14 or younger were at 12.5 percent.
The total population in 2065 will be 88.1 million, down from 127.1 million in 2015, a decline of 31 percent.
In a particularly grim prediction, there will be only 1.2 working people to support every person over 65 by 2065 compared with 2.1 in 2015. This is down from 1.3 people in the previous projection.
(Reporting by Elaine Lies; Editing by Robert Birsel)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
LONDON, March 31 British house prices fell for the first time since mid-2015 in March, mortgage lender Nationwide said on Friday.
Nationwide said house prices declined by a monthly 0.3 percent, compared with a rise of 0.6 percent in February.
In annual terms, prices were 3.5 percent higher, the weakest increase since August 2015.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected house prices to rise by 0.4 percent in March from February and annual growth of 4.1 percent. (Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Alexander Smith)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
× Lee By The Sea: Jason Visits Cape May For July 4th
Jason Lee took a trip to Cape May, New Jersey for Independence Day!
Take a look at their adventure!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
April 3 XBiotech Inc
* XBiotech announces top-line results for 514G3 antibody therapy in serious staphylococcus aureus infections
* XBiotech Inc - no drug-related adverse events were observed at any of dose escalation levels for 514G3 antibody therapy
* XBiotech Inc - total of 28 SAES in 15 patients were reported during study period including 4 deaths
* XBiotech Inc - "although deaths observed in treatment arm of study did not appear to be drug-related, this will warrant careful evaluation in larger studies"
* XBiotech Inc - four deaths occurred in treatment arm versus none in placebo group in study Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Speculators turned most bullish on U.S. 10-year Treasury note futures in more than nine years earlier this week amid a bond market selloff following the French presidential election last Sunday, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday. The amount of speculators' bullish, or long, positions in 10-year Treasury futures exceeded bearish, or short, positions by 214,642 contracts on April 25, according to the CFTC's latest Commitments of Traders data. This was the highest net longs among speculators since 223,301 contracts on March 4, 2008. A week earlier, speculators held 41,300 net short positions in 10-year T-note futures. Below is a table of the speculative positions in Treasury futures on the Chicago Board of Trade and in Eurodollar futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the latest week: U.S. 2-year T-notes (Contracts of $200,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 269,991 306,261 Short 251,015 276,558 Net 18,976 29,703 U.S. 5-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 585,619 573,329 Short 649,444 665,445 Net -63,825 -92,116 U.S. 10-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 826,482 706,591 Short 611,840 747,891 Net 214,642 -41,300 U.S. T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 115,515 116,482 Short 94,898 118,848 Net 20,617 -2,366 U.S. Ultra T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 40,134 39,387 Short 114,419 118,441 Net -74,285 -79,054 Eurodollar (Contracts of $1,000,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 509,464 546,496 Short 3,479,644 3,419,309 Net -2,970,180 -2,872,813 Fed funds (Contracts of $1,000,000) 25 Apr 2017 Prior week week Long 138,564 159,692 Short 352,820 391,446 Net -214,256 -231,754 (Reporting by Richard Leong; editing by Diane Craft)
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
(Reuters) - Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc fell 4 percent premarket on Friday, as investors were concerned about the company's rising costs and pressure on margins that are weighing on a profitable ad business.
Most analysts believe higher investments by Alphabet to boost its cloud offerings and hardware sales could put pressure on the search engine's margin expansion in fiscal 2018.
“Operating margin and profit dollars fell short of our estimates despite the top line beat given higher contribution from lower margin streams of revenue (hardware),” Credit Suisse analysts wrote in a client note.
The company's total traffic acquisition costs, a measure of how much money the company spends to attract users to its search engine, rose 33 percent in the fourth quarter to $6.45 billion.
Canaccord Genuity analysts said Alphabet's sequential gross margin contraction was the largest in the company's history.
However, some analysts looked past the costs and focussed on a strong core ad business as well as positive comments from Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai on its fast-growing cloud computing business.
Investments are paying off, Pichai said, noting that cloud computing is generating $1 billion in quarterly sales.
Google sells ad space on its search engine, its fast-growing YouTube video streaming service and a network of third-party websites and apps.
Led by such ads, Alphabet generated $110.9 billion in full-year revenue, up 23 percent from 2016 and topping $100 billion for the first time.
But threats from Facebook Inc and Amazon.com Inc loom.
“Amazon has grown its position as the first destination for consumer product searches. This has the potential to cannibalize Google's revenue from retail advertisers,” wrote Scott Devitt, an analyst at Stifel who cut their rating to “hold” from “buy”.
At least 11 brokerages raised their price targets on Alphabet, while two cut their price on the stock. Susquehanna was the most bullish, raising its price target to $1,475.Jefferies analysts said Alphabet is placing the right bets on some very big opportunities such as YouTube/TV, hardware, GCP, Waymo, which will help fuel sustained growth and meaningful share appreciation over time.
April 20 Reserve Bank of India monetary policy meeting minutes:
* India MPC member Dholakia says "core inflation according to my calculations is likely to show a declining trend over the year" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Dholakia says "oil prices according to me are not expected to stay high consistently" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Ghate says pace of ending of re-investment of principal payments by US Fed from its balance sheet holdings needs to be watched carefully - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Ghate says output gap, while marginally negative, is closing gradually leading to the possible building up of inflationary pressures - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Dholakia says rising probability of El Nino event around July August may adversely affect food production but may not seriously impact the food prices" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Dholakia says "inflation projection according to my calculations is an average of around 4 percent for 1st half 2017-18 and around 4.5 percent for 2nd half of year" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Acharya says on growth front, remonetisation continuing apace, many sectors of economy recovering steadily; there are signs though that recovery is somewhat uneven - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Dua says "upside risks to inflation remain" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Acharya says private investment, given the high indebtedness of several stressed sectors, remains a particularly weak spot- cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Dua says " ECRI's Indian future inflation gauge, a harbinger of Indian inflation, indicates some firming in inflation pressures" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Acharya says headline inflation set to rebound from recent lows due to expected (and in the past month, realized) mean-reversion in food inflation, specially in vegetables - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Patra says "if staff's projections are indicative, inflation excluding food and fuel will probably run ahead of headline inflation throughout 2017-18" - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Acharya says uncertainty as to when the headline inflation might cross the target inflation rate of 4 percent and keep inching above - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Patra says consumer confidence in the price situation has deteriorated - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Acharya says risks are evenly balanced around the inflation outlook - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Patra says with remonetisation, the output gap may close sooner than expected - cenbank minutes
* India MPC member Patra says "I believe that a pre-emptive 25 basis points increase in the policy rate now will point us better at the target of 4 per cent to which the committee has committed explicitly" - cenbank minutes Source text - (bit.ly/2o7hXS8)
FILE PHOTO: A Hungarian police officer patrols the Hungary-Serbia border, which was recently fortified by a second fence, near the village of Gara, Hungary March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BUDAPEST Hungary has completed a second fence along its border with Serbia, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Friday, adding that the European Union should be less critical of Turkey when it relies so heavily on Ankara's cooperation to stem the flow of migrants.
"It is 155-kilometre long and 3 metres high, and is able to stop any masses of people," Orban told state radio.
"Turkey is a member of NATO, and therefore, is our ally. So we must not treat Turkey as if it was a state who is not our ally, and we must give the due respect to the Turkish people and their President," Orban added.
(Reporting by Krisztina Than; editing by Richard Lough)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats story from Tuesday)
* Switzerland trying to clean up reputation as tax haven
* Tax scandal involving Credit Suisse damages efforts
* Swiss had hoped these issues were history
By Joshua Franklin
ZURICH, April 4 An anonymous tip to Dutch authorities on thousands of suspicious accounts at Credit Suisse could hardly have come at a worse time for Switzerland and its banks.
The information that triggered raids in five countries raises new doubts about the effectiveness of Switzerland's efforts to shed its decades-old reputation as one of the world's major tax havens.
"It's a wake-up call not only for the banking community but also for authorities," said Mark Pieth, an anti-corruption expert and criminal law professor at the University of Basel.
"Instead of really just being angry at others they should ask, have we really been zealous enough?"
Switzerland is among the countries that signed up to a global data-sharing programme led by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, known as the Automatic Exchange of Information, which was designed to root out tax dodgers.
Swiss banks, having paid more than $5 billion to settle allegations of helping wealthy Americans evade taxes, have trumpeted their reformed ways, publicly encouraging clients to sign up to government programmes allowing them to declare untaxed assets.
But last week's raids of Credit Suisse's offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam as part of a coordinated investigation in five countries show Switzerland still has a way to go to break with its past.
It is a wake-up call for financial markets as well.
"People really thought that, with the upcoming Automatic Exchange of Information and the cleanup of the European client portfolio completed, this stuff shouldn't be an issue anymore," Andreas Venditti, banking analyst at Vontobel, said. "Now the market seems to be confused about what to think."
Mark Branson, head of Swiss financial watchdog FINMA, said last week's news was unwelcome at a time when Switzerland is presenting itself as a reformed financial centre whose selling point is stability and reliability rather than tax perks.
"These headlines will not vanish overnight although the business model has fundamentally changed," said Branson, speaking to reporters on Tuesday.
Another sign that Switzerland has to work harder to improve its reputation was the apparently deliberate efforts by Eurojust, the European Union judicial agency which helped coordinate last week's raids, to keep Swiss prosecutors out of the loop on enforcement actions.
Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General on Friday demanded a written explanation for the snub.
"PART OF DOING BUSINESS"
In the new investigation, raids began on Thursday in the Netherlands, Britain, Germany, France and Australia, with visits also made at three of Credit Suisse's offices. This followed a tip-off to Dutch prosecutors about 55,000 "suspect accounts".
One of the big questions is how many of the accounts represent existing client relationships at Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, and how many are legacy accounts from when Swiss banking secrecy shielded customers' money from tax authorities.
Iqbal Khan, the head of Credit Suisse's International Wealth Management division, said in an interview they did not know where the 55,000 figures referred to by the Dutch office for financial crimes prosecution had come from as the bank had fewer accounts than that for all of Europe.
Khan, who is responsible for Credit Suisse's private banking operations outside of Switzerland and Asia Pacific, said it was not certain if existing clients would be implicated.
Branson said FINMA had been in contact with Credit Suisse about the raids but was not in a position to say what portion of the case related to old accounts.
One thing that does seem certain is legal and regulatory issues are increasingly considered as a cost of investing in Swiss private banks.
Moritz Baumann, bank analyst and client adviser at Swiss wealth manager Albin Kistler, said: "The fact is that legal issues are practically part of doing business as a bank." (Additional reporting by Oliver Hirt. Editing by Jane Merriman)
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
A Turkish soldier surveys the border between Turkey and Syria from a watch-tower near the southeastern city of Kilis, Turkey, March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
ANKARA Turkey has ended the "Euphrates Shield" military operation it launched in Syria last August, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Wednesday, but suggested there might be more cross-border campaigns to come.
Turkey sent troops, tanks and warplanes to support Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebels, push Islamic State fighters away from its border and stop the advance of Kurdish militia fighters.
"Operation Euphrates Shield has been successful and is finished. Any operation following this one will have a different name," Yildirim said in an interview with broadcaster NTV.
Under Euphrates Shield, Turkey took the border town of Jarablus on the Euphrates river, cleared Islamic State fighters from a roughly 100-km (60-mile) stretch of the border, then moved south to al-Bab, an Islamic State stronghold where Yildirim said "everything is under control".
Turkish troops are still stationed in the secured regions and along the border. The number of Turkish troops involved in Euphrates Shield has not been disclosed.
One aim was to stop the Kurdish YPG militia from crossing the Euphrates westwards and linking up three mainly Kurdish cantons it holds in northern Syria.
Turkey fears the Syrian Kurds carving out a self-governing territory analogous to Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region, a move that might embolden Turkey's own large Kurdish minority to try to forge a similar territory inside its borders.
It views the YPG as the Syrian extension of the Kurdish PKK militant group, which has fought an insurgency in Turkey's southeast since 1984 and is considered a terrorist group by both the United States and European Union.
With the second largest army in NATO, Turkey is seeking a role for its military in a planned offensive on Raqqa, one of Islamic State's two de facto capitals along with Mosul in Iraq -but the United States is veering towards enlisting the YPG.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has said Turkey is saddened by the U.S. and Russian readiness to work with the YPG in Syria.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; editing by Andrew Roche)
April 12 Maa Group Bhd:
* Entered into a conditional subscription agreement with altech to subscribe for 14,285,714 altech shares
* Agreement for a total cash consideration of A$2 million
* Proposed subscription is not expected to have any material effect on the maag group for the financial year ending 2017 Source :(bit.ly/2o4mZdr) Further company coverage:
MELBOURNE, April 6 London copper held gains on Thursday ahead of a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping, supported by Chinese demand at the start of the seasonally the strongest quarter for industrial metals. FUNDAMENTALS * Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange traded little changed at $5,899.50 a tonne by 0156 GMT, holding 2 percent gains from the previous session when Chinese buyers returned from a long holiday weekend. * Shanghai Futures Exchange copper rose 1.2 percent to 47,890 yuan ($6,946) a tonne. * Trump and Xi are to hold their first summit encounter later on Thursday at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida. Topping the agenda will be U.S.-China trade ties and U.S. requests for China to help rein in its nuclear-armed neighbor North Korea. * U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014, suggesting further tightening of the labor market, payrolls processor ADP said. * Poland's state-run KGHM, one of the world's biggest copper producers, will stay in Chile for the long term, and is assessing its Canadian assets, its CEO said in an interview. * Freeport McMoRan Inc is awaiting final details on a temporary export permit in Indonesia, which would end a 12-week ban that has cost the world's biggest publicly traded copper company nearly $1 billion in lost revenues, its top executives told Reuters on Wednesday. * The copper business will recover from crisis mode after plummeting prices for the metal resulted in output cuts, industry executives said at a meeting in world top copper producer Chile this week, but they expect that incipient recovery will be slow. * For the top stories in metals and other news, click or MARKETS NEWS * Stocks fell and bonds rose in Asia on Thursday, with risk appetite soured by signs the Federal Reserve might start paring its king-sized balance sheet later this year just as the chances of an early U.S. fiscal stimulus faded further. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0145 China Caixin services PMI Mar 0600 Germany Industrial orders Feb 1130 U.S. Challenger layoffs Mar 1230 U.S. Weekly jobless claims PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0154 Three month LME copper 5899.5 Most active ShFE copper 47880 Three month LME 1962 aluminium Most active ShFE 37 aluminium Three month LME zinc 2778 Most active ShFE zinc 22995 Three month LME lead 2307.5 Most active ShFE lead 8 Three month LME nickel 10260 Most active ShFE nickel 27 Three month LME tin 20080 Most active ShFE tin 2 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 635.71 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1610.4 1 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 293.02 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1394.3 2 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 2432 ($1 = 6.8946 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Richard Pullin)
BRIEF-Toshiba to miss financial reporting deadline for year ended March 2017 - Nikkei
* Toshiba to miss financial reporting deadline for year ended March 2017; co to not present Fiscal 2016 results at general shareholders meeting - Nikkei Source text: (http://s.nikkei.com/2sc1zPj) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
FRANKFURT, April 20 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.3 percent lower on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0634 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
DEUTSCHE BOERSE
Indicated 0.4 percent lower
The exchange operator's Chief Executive Carsten Kengeter is interested in having their contract extended "but I'm not imposing myself," they were quoted as saying by newspaper Handelsblatt.
LUFTHANSA
Indicated 0.5 percent lower
The air freight divisions of Lufthansa and United said they have agreed a joint venture on routes between Europe and the United States to help their respective networks.
THYSSENKRUPP
Indicated 0.3 percent lower
Negotiations between Germany's defence ministry and shipyards Luerssen and ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems over the purchase of five corvettes could collapse in a dispute over the 2.9 billion euro ($3.1 billion) price tag, Handelsblatt cited ministry sources as saying.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated 0.3 percent lower
The U.S. Justice Department is expected to name Larry Thompson, a deputy attorney general under former President George W. Bush, to serve as independent monitor of VW under a plea agreement over its diesel emissions scandal, a source briefed on the matter said on Wednesday.
STRATEC BIOMEDICAL
No indication available
Annual report published. The group last month raised its dividend to 0.77 euros per share from 0.75 euros as it reported a nearly 20 percent jump in 2016 operating profit to 32.2 million euros.
ZOOPLUS
Indicated 0.7 percent lower
The online retailer for pet supplies confirmed its 2017 sales forecast of at least 1.125 billion euros and reported first-quarter sales rose 24 percent to 257 million euros.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
BEIERSDORF - 0.70 eur/shr dividend proposed
GEA GROUP - 0.80 eur/shr dividend proposed
ANALYSTS' VIEWS
DEUTSCHE BANK - Barclays reinstates with "equal weight" rating; 17 euros price target
SALZGITTER - Jefferies cuts to "hold" rating
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones -0.6 pct, S&P 500 -0.2 pct, Nasdaq +0.2 pct at close.
Nikkei unchanged, Shanghai stocks -0.1 pct.
Time: 6.51 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German March producer prices unchanged m/m, +3.1 pct y/y.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Reporting by Harro ten Wolde and Ludwig Burger)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LONDON, April 20 Moody's Investors Service has reduced its estimate of global green bond issues this year to nearly $120 billion from a forecast in January of $200 billion as the number of transactions and Chinese and development bank issuance declined.
In the first quarter issuance of such bonds, used to raise funds for projects seen as helping tackle environmental problems, amounted to $29.5 billion, the market's second largest quarterly volume to date and 75 percent higher than the first quarter last year.
However, Chinese issuance dropped by over two thirds, the number of total transactions fell and issuance by development banks trailed off, Moody's said in a report published on Thursday.
"If the current trend continues, green bond issuance will total nearly $120 billion for the year and eclipse the record of $93.4 billion in 2016," said Henry Shilling, Moody's senior vice president and author of the report.
"This rate of growth, however, is lower than the increase of 120 percent from 2015 to 2016 that would push volume to $206 billion," they added.
In January the ratings service forecast global issuance would cross the $200 billion mark this year.
However, HSBC also predicted in January that the growth in green bond issuance could slow this year to $90-120 billion, while Swedish banking group SEB said last month that issuance could amount to $125-150 billion. (Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
* U.S. Treasury yield spike fails to boost dollar
* Euro holds above $1.25 mark; gains on week
* Traders prepare for non-farm payroll data
* Chinese yuan hits fresh 2 1/2 year high
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2018 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Tommy Wilkes
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The euro held above $1.25 on Friday, continuing a strong week in which rising U.S. treasury yields failed to lift the dollar while the euro zone's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening made the single currency more attractive.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries have risen to near their four-year high as economic growth and buoyant oil prices drive up inflation expectations and central banks start sounding more hawkish.
But the rise in yields, which should push up the dollar, hasn't helped it so far.
“You'd think that with rates up, the dollar would be up, but investors are focusing their interest elsewhere,” such as further evidence that the European economy is picking up, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
A survey released on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, bolstering expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy .
The euro traded flat against the dollar on the day at $1.2505, within sight of last week's three-year high of $1.2538. For the week, the euro has gained around 0.6 percent.
Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was broadly flat as the market awaits non-farm payroll data due later on Friday.
Many strategists say the dollar's sensitivity to domestic news looks weak - ING analysts called it “limited and short-lived” - as investors focus on monetary policy re-pricing opportunities elsewhere.
“Today's US labour market report poses only temporary downside risk to the cross,” ING said in a note.
Elsewhere, the dollar added to recent gains against the Japanese yen, helping it move away from a four-month nadir of 108.28 hit a week ago. The dollar rose 0.4 percent on the day to 109.82
On Friday, the Bank of Japan offered to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to 10 years left to maturity at 2 basis points above the previous close. It also increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the previous 410 billion, an amount it had kept since late August.
Foreign exchange markets showed little reaction to the Japanese central bank's move.
The Chinese yuan continued its recent rise against the dollar, notching up a high of 6.2773, a 2 1/2-year high. The yuan is up 0.8 percent for the week and was last trading at these levels in August 2015.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Lisa Twaronite in Tokyo, editing by Larry King)
* Futures lower: Dow 235 pts, S&P 20.25 pts, Nasdaq 49.50 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were sharply lower on Friday, with Dow futures dropping more than 250 points, as bond yields rose to multi-year highs and investors awaited key U.S. jobs data.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields jumped to more than 2.8 percent, its highest level since early 2014. A rise in yields raises borrowing costs for companies and give traders an alternative investment option.
The pace of the recent rise in yields has been spurred by global central banks striking a more hawkish tone, with the U.S. Federal Reserve being the latest, as impressive economic data drives long-term inflation expectations.
The Fed on Wednesday indicated inflation was firming, but held interest rates steady. Currently the market has priced in three hikes for 2018. But if economic indicators continue improving, then the likelihood of a fourth rate hike increases.
A key indicator of U.S. economic health is the Labor Department's monthly payrolls data, due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT).
The report is expected to show nonfarm payrolls increased by 180,000 jobs in January, according to a Reuters survey of economists, after rising by 148,000 in December.
Average hourly earnings likely rose 0.3 percent, after a similar gain in December and the unemployment rate is expected to have stayed unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
At 7:02 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis were down 235 points, or 0.9 percent, with 59,672 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were down 20.25 points, or 0.72 percent, with 239,468 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 49.5 points, or 0.72 percent, on volume of 69,910 contracts.
Some investors have also grown wary of the pace of the global equity bull run, and have begun reducing their exposure to equities. Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a weekly note on global asset flows that its bull and bear indicator hit 8.6, triggering a sell signal for risk assets.
The U.S. stock market roared out of the blocks in 2018, before pulling back this week due to rising yields. The S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average are on track to post their biggest weekly losses since the end of 2016.
Even reports from major companies have failed to enthuse.
Shares of Google-parent Alphabet fell 4.3 percent in premarket trading after the company's quarterly profit missed analysts' estimates.
Apple was struggling for direction and was last up 0.4 percent as investors weighed up strong iPhone prices and cash plans with the company's muted forecast.
Amazon.com rose 5.1 percent after reporting a record profit of near $2 billion, helped by a rise in online sales and tax law changes.
So far, the S&P 500 companies have posted strong results, with about 80 percent of the 227 that have reported beating Wall Street's profit estimates, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D‘Souza)
March 28 Selvita SA:
* Signs with Berlin-Chemie AG from Menarini Group license agreement concerning compound SEL24
* Under the agreement Menarini Group gets exclusive rights to research, develop and commercialization of SEL24 in the whole world
* Deal is worth at maximum 379.1 million zlotys ($96.89 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9125 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nottingham Forest are hoping to beat late competition from fellow Championship side Birmingham City for striker Lewis Grabban.
According to the Mirror, Forest are hoping to seal a £5m swoop for the 30-year-old.
Grabban had loan stints at Sunderland and Aston Villa, scoring 20 goals in the Championship to finish runner-up in the top scorer behind Derby County forward Matej Vydra.
The striker has returned to parent-club Bournemouth following their loan stints in the second-tier, and it is believed that the Cherries could be willing to let Grabban leave after the signing of David Brooks from Sheffield United.
Scottish Premiership champions Celtic have reportedly made an approach to sign Wigan Athletic defender Nathan Byrne.
According to Football Insider, Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers has made the right-back one of their top targets this summer.
The report also states that Wigan are bracing themselves for an offer from Celtic for their 26-year-old full-back.
Byrne moved to the DW Stadium in 2016 from Wolverhampton Wanderers and has made 65 appearances for the Latics.
They have also had loan stints at Brentford, Bournemouth, Crawley, Swindon Town and most recently Charlton Atheltic in their career.
São Paulo, April 10 Shareholders of Brazil's BNDES have approved a statute guaranteeing the state development bank will keep at least 40 percent of its earnings, capping dividends to the federal government for the first time, newspaper Valor Economico reported on Monday.
The new statute calls for the bank to pay the government 25 percent to 60 percent of its adjusted annual profit, Valor reported. In recent years, the government took all available earnings to cover its fiscal deficit.
Media representatives for the bank did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Previously, BNDES had no defined dividend policy, its legal director, Marcelo de Siqueira Freitas, told Valor. The paper said the bank's technical staff saw the policy as helping to guarantee capital levels and reduce the need for the repeated funding that the government provided in recent years.
The move is another step toward curbing political influence in strategic planning at BNDES. Under the leftist Workers Party's 13-year administration, the bank became a tool for economic policies that contributed to a huge fiscal deficit.
Since the party lost power last year, the new center-right government has encouraged BNDES to write stricter bylaws curbing political intervention in lending decisions and demanding better corporate governance from borrowers. (Writing by Brad Haynes and Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Lisa Von Ahn)
May 3 Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust
* Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust announces redemption of cumulative rate reset preferred trust units, Series C
* Riocan REIT- it will exercise its right to redeem all of 5.98 million outstanding cumulative rate reset preferred trust units, Series C on June 30, 2017
* Riocan REIT says it will exercise its right to redeem all Series C units at cash redemption price of $25.00 per series c unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. judge who will decide if wireless and pay TV provider AT&T Inc may purchase Time Warner Inc said on Friday that they saw “no big issues” in pre-trial preparations.
The Justice Department has said that the $85 billion deal is illegal because AT&T, once it owned movie and television show maker Time Warner, would have the ability and incentive to raise prices that it charges cable, satellite and streaming rivals for Time Warner's content.
AT&T disagreed, and the case will go to trial on March 19.
Judge Richard Leon noted during a short pre-trial hearing on Friday that they were pleased to see that “no big issues” had arisen that they needed to resolve.
The judge set a further pre-trial hearing for Feb. 16. They will also meet informally on Feb. 12 with small groups of lawyers from both sides to discuss how the trial will proceed.
The two sides are expected to exchange witness lists, with a maximum of 30 witnesses, and expert reports on Friday.
Both sides said they intended to call former Justice Department economists to support their case. AT&T will call Dennis Carlton, from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, while the Justice Department will call Carl Shapiro of the University of California at Berkeley.
U.S. President Donald Trump attacked the deal while on the campaign trail in 2016. Trump has also criticized Time Warner's CNN news network and, in November, reiterated their opposition to the proposed transaction.
AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson told analysts on a conference call this week that they expected the case to be resolved through litigation. “We remain very confident that we'll complete this merger,” they said.
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after they and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
March 30 Aker BP
* Says license partners to invest about 1.7 billion Norwegian crowns ($199.36 million) in Tambar field to extend its lifetime by 10 years from 2018 until 2028
* Says targets reserves of 27 million barrels of oil equivalents (boe), with Aker BP's share of 15 million boe
* Says expects to produce extra 4,000-6,000 barrels a day over several years
* Says breakeven price for Tambar development is under $20 a barrel
* Says drilling rig Maersk Interceptor will drill two infill wells starting in Q4 2017
* Says production from new wells is scheduled to start in the first half of 2018
* Aker BP has 55 pct stakes in the license, and Faroe Petroluem holds the rest
Source text: here
Further company coverage: ($1 = 8.5273 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting By Camilla Knudsen, editing by Nerijus Adomaitis)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
COPENHAGEN Denmark's public prosecutor's office said on Friday it had charged six men with allowing themselves to be recruited by Islamic State and fighting for the militant group in Syria.
Across Europe, from Sweden to Britain, governments are locked in a struggle to tame a threat from Islamist militants that has thrown into sharp focus their difficulties integrating Muslim minorities.
In two other separate cases, Denmark has stripped two men of their citizenship and sentenced them to prison after inciting terrorism and fighting for Islamic State in Syria.
State attorney Lise-Lotte Nilas said the charges included permitting themselves to be recruited by a terror organisation.
"We have six men in Denmark, against whom I believe there are grounds to lay charges of violating terror provisions in the penal code," Nilas said.
The six men, who are currently held on remand, were either Danish citizens or foreigners resident in Denmark, the prosecutor said.
The charges could carry prison sentences of more than four years.
(Reporting by Nikolaj Skydsgaard; editing by Richard Lough)
LONDON, April 12 Seasonally stronger copper demand in top consumer China and dwindling stocks of scrap are expected to narrow the discount between metal for nearby delivery against the three-month contract, which hit a four-year high this week.
The discount or contango for the cash copper contract against the three-month forward on the London Metal Exchange jumped to $35.25 a tonne MCU0-3 this month, matching the high hit in June 2013. It closed at $27.25 on Tuesday compared with a $3 premium in January.
"As second-quarter physical buying gets underway the contango will decline," Société Générale analyst Robin Bhar said. "Copper rallied because people were worried about supply disruptions, it saw scrap dealers around the world sell inventory, the bulk of which has probably already come through."
China is the world's largest consumer, accounting for nearly half of global demand estimated at more than 23 million tonnes this year. Chinese demand typically rises in the second quarter ahead of the summer months when construction and industrial activity picks up.
The trigger for scrap dealers to release stocks was higher benchmark copper prices, which climbed above $6,200 in February, the highest since March 2015 and a gain of nearly 30 percent since November last year.
Citi analyst David Wilson expects scrap supplies to increase by one million tonnes this year relative to 2016, overwhelming losses of around 385,000 tonnes from disruptions at mines.
"We expect the rate of scrap flow to slow into the second half of the year, as scrap inventories at merchants are drawn," Wilson said, adding that disruptions could cut mine supply by around 7 percent this year.
That is above the 5 percent analysts typically assume.
Disruptions include strikes in Chile at BHP Billiton's Escondida, the world's largest copper mine, and in Peru at Cerro Verde.
In Indonesia, production at Freeport-McMoRan's giant Grasberg mine in Papua fell after the government banned copper concentrate exports on Jan. 12, part of an effort to boost the local smelter industry.
These problems gave the impression of bottlenecks and supply shortages, but there was no shortage of concentrate for smelters, Aurubis, Europe's largest copper producer, said in a newsletter.
"There were large amounts of cathode that suddenly appeared on the official warehousing system," it said.
Stocks of copper in LME-approved warehouses rose more than 70 percent to above 340,000 tonnes in the first half of March but have since fallen more than 30 percent to below 260,000 tonnes. They are expected to fall further as demand strengthens over the next three months.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
LONDON A London-based Islamic financial technology start-up has become the first company of its kind to be given regulatory approval in the UK, as Britain seeks to position itself as a hub for both fintech and Islamic finance.
Yielders, a firm that allows retail investors to get exposure to the property market with as little as 100 pounds, became the first Islamic fintech firm to be given full authorisation by Britain's Financial Conduct Authority earlier this month.
Its approval comes at a time when Britain is trying to hold onto its status as a global centre for finance and innovation as it severs ties with its biggest trading partner, the European Union.
London has long sought to position itself as a global hub for Islamic finance, going as far as issuing a sovereign Islamic bond in 2014. Last week the Bank of England said it would develop a sharia-compliant liquidity tool for use by Islamic banks, underscoring efforts to attract business from the Middle East and South East Asia.
Britain has also in recent years pushed itself as a centre for fintech, and was ranked as the global number one fintech hub by consultancy EY in a report last year.
Yielders founding director Irfan Khan said that in conversations over the past two years with the FCA and the Department for International Trade, it had become clear that the UK government wanted to make Britain a premier destination for Islamic fintech.
"They (the UK government) believe that outside the Middle East, the UK is the capital of fintech for Islamic finance," they said. "There's certainly movement in the UK to try to promote Islamic fintech, and for fintech firms in the UK to show the route forward for a lot of the Middle Eastern market."
Yielders also had to get approval from Britain's Islamic Finance Council, which asked a sheikh, Abu Eesa, to certify that the company's business practices were compliant with sharia law. That included certifying that there was no borrowing or nothing that could be construed as gambling involved.
Those restrictions, Khan said, often made Islamic finance uncompetitive in a country like Britain where Islam is a minority religion.
"That's why we decided to start on this fintech journey, because we could mitigate against all of that by driving down the costs and removing all the back-office stuff by having a fintech solution," they said.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; editing by Susan Thomas)
RIO DE JANEIRO, March 29 Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petrobras has withdrawn its appeal to the Supreme Court of an injunction blocking the sale of oil fields to Australia's Karoon Gas Australia Ltd, according to court documents reviewed by Reuters on Wednesday.
The Brazilian oil giant, known formally as Petroleo Brasileiro SA, said in the documents that the deal with Karoon fell through after its partner Woodside Petroleum Ltd backed out. Petrobras officials declined to provide details of the case, which is sealed to the public. (Reporting by Marta Nogueira; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Paul Simao)
USING smiley face emojis and other emoticons in work-related emails could be hurting your career prospects, new research has found.
Far from creating a positive impression on the recipient, virtual smileys in fact make the sender look like an idiot, according to scientists from Ben-Gurion University.
"Our findings provide first-time evidence that, contrary to actual smiles, smileys do not increase perceptions of warmth and actually decrease perceptions of competence," BGU post-doctorate fellow Dr Ella Glikson said in a statement. "In formal business emails, a smiley is not a smile."
The study, published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science, was based on a series of experiments using 549 participants from 29 countries.
Everyone hates your emojis, particularly in emails. So stop it.
In one experiment, participants were asked to read a work-related email from an unknown person, and were asked to evaluate the competence and warmth of the sender - some of the messages included smileys and some did not.
The researchers found that unlike face-to-face smiles, which increase perceptions of both competence and warmth, virtual smileys had no effect on the perception of warmth and actually had a negative effect on the perception of competence.
"The study also found that when the participants were asked to respond to emails on formal matters, their answers were more detailed and they included more content-related information when the email did not include a smiley," Dr Glikson said.
"We found that the perceptions of low competence if a smiley is included in turn undermined information sharing."
Another experiment compared the use of a smiley face emoji to a smiling or neutral photograph. It found that in the case of a photograph, a smiling sender was perceived as more competent and friendly than a neutral one.
No, not even the sunglasses one is OK.
But when an email on work-related matters contained a smiley, the sender was perceived as less competent, and perceptions of the sender's friendliness were unchanged.
The researchers also found that when the gender of the email writer was unknown, people were more likely to assume the sender was a woman if it included a smiley.
"People tend to assume that a smiley is a virtual smile, but the findings of this study show that in the case of the workplace, at least as far as initial 'encounters' are concerned, this is incorrect," Dr Glikson said.
"For now, at least, a smiley can only replace a smile when you already know the other person. In initial interactions, it is better to avoid using smileys, regardless of age or gender."
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
The aboriginal girl had been with foster parents for two years before they were placed in what is called kinship care, a program that aims to keep children with relatives and maintain ties to their culture and communities. The relatives became their legal guardians and the government had not been involved with them for almost a year.
Serenity's birth mother had raised concerns to social workers that the child was being abused, and wanted them moved back to foster care.
"I'm glad to see charges have finally been laid, but I still have questions as to why it took so long," Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark said in a release. "We still don't have clear answers about what went wrong, and we cannot wait for a fatality inquiry to provide those answers."
Clark said they want assurances that court cases related to the abuse or death of children are not delayed.
United Conservative Party members Jason Nixon and Ric McIver, who are on the province's child-welfare panel, also issued a statement that said they are relieved to finally see charges.
"It's clear that this case was mishandled from the very beginning and we must understand what went wrong in order to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future. The United Conservatives remain committed to getting answers for Serenity's family and seeing that our broken child intervention system is fixed."
Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said in a statement that Serenity's death was a "call to action — a symbol of why we must never stop doing everything we can to prevent tragedies like this one.
"Three years is a long time to wait for a family who has already suffered such heartbreaking loss. And we know that Serenity's family, and Albertans, want answers."
Note to readers: This is a corrected story. An earlier version said Serenity was in government care when they died and that Jason Nixon and Ric McIver had been on child-welfare panel
By The Canadian Press
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
KUWAIT CITY: Kuwait was set to begin questioning on Tuesday of a suspected Islamic State group jihadist deported from the Philippines as it remanded four relatives in custody, the emirate's media reported.
Hussein al-Dhafiri was arrested in an upscale district of Manila late last month along with their Syrian wife Rahaf Zina on suspicion of being members of IS and of planning attacks in both countries.
They were deported to Kuwait on Friday to stand trial in their home country on charges of membership of a banned organization and of plotting attacks.
Their wife, whom they married after their high-ranking IS commander husband was killed in Syria, remains in custody in the Philippines pending deportation to Qatar, from where they entered the islands.
Judicial authorities in Kuwait have remanded four relatives of Dhafiri in custody for 21 days pending further inquiries, Al-Qabas newspaper reported.
They face similar charges to Dhafiri, the paper added.
Philippine Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre said on Thursday that Dhafiri was suspected of manufacturing explosives and of possible operational planning against Kuwait.
Washington believed they could “pose a threat to the national security of the Philippines,” Aguirre added.
A statement issued by the Kuwaiti embassy in Manila on Friday said evidence was obtained by the emirate's security services that Dhafiri was “planning to carry out terrorist attacks in the State of Kuwait.”
Kuwaiti courts have handed down multiple convictions on charges of IS membership or financing. Some of the defendants have been found guilty of fighting with the jihadists in Iraq or Syria. All have received lengthy jail sentences.
In June 2015, a Saudi blew themselves up in a Shiite mosque in Kuwait City, killing 26 worshippers in an attack claimed by the Sunni extremists that was the deadliest in the emirate's history. AFP
AFP/CC
Secret Show Podcast for April 17th, 2017
Vinnie gives their review of Dave Chappelle's Netflix special, and Hooman tells us about their trip to the holy land!
This Podcast is for ears 18 years of age and up only, thank you!
Secret Show 4.17.2017
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
RSS Subscription – iTunes Subscription – Play.it
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
TORONTO, March 29 The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan's rate of return dropped to 4.2 percent last year from 13 percent in 2015, the fund said on Wednesday, citing unfavorable currency movements.
The results still exceeded a benchmark target of 3.5 percent for the fund, Canada's third-biggest public pension plan.
The plan, which administers pensions for 316,000 working and retired teachers in Canada's most populous province, said its net assets grew to C$175.6 billion at the end of 2016 from C$171.4 billion a year earlier.
The fund, which has investments in more than 50 countries, said currency movements had a negative impact of 280 basis points on its rate of return in 2016, compared with an 830-basis-point positive effect in 2015.
Ontario Teachers' said it was 105 percent funded as of Jan. 1, meaning it had a surplus of assets with which to meet its future pension obligations. This was the fourth year it has posted a surplus after a decade of recording annual deficits.
Chief Executive Officer Ron Mock said the fund had achieved that despite major challenges in the global economy.
"Being focused on the long-term, we continue to believe having a highly diversified portfolio is the best way to pay pensions and minimize funding volatility over time," they said.
"Last year big swings in global currencies had an impact on the short-term value of Plan assets," they added.
Ontario Teachers' pioneered a move by Canadian pension funds in the 1990s to invest directly in private companies, infrastructure and real estate internationally as an alternative to Canadian equities and government bonds.
(Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Olly Murs finds it hard to meet "genuine" women.
The 'Troublemaker' hitmaker is currently single and though their fame hasn't stopped them from dating, they admitted it can be difficult to find the "right girls" because it isn't always clear whether they like them for themselves or because he's in the public eye.
They said: "I don't find it that difficult [to meet women] but it is a tricky one.
"I go on dates, but it's hard to find the right girls - ones that genuinely like you.
"It's a lot different to when I wasn't famous."
The 33-year-old singer thinks they are "quite good" at romantic gestures but doesn't always get them right.
Asked if he's romantic, they said:" Yes and no. I think most of the time I'm quite good but sometimes I'm rubbish...
"I think I'm really thoughtful. I like doing nice things for someone. I'm good at buying presents. And I give good cuddles as well."
Olly has openly spoken about their crush on Jennifer Lawrence and they were lucky enough to meet the 'mother!' star at the Radio 1 studios a few months ago, and it only strengthened their feelings for them
They told Top of the Pops magazine: : "I'd love to meet Jennifer Lawrence again. They were amazing - such a lovely person.
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - The United Nations' relationship with Nigeria is intact, a U.N. official said on Saturday, despite a military raid on a compound belonging to the international body in the conflict-ridden northeast.
"I am very pleased to report that our relationship of collaboration and trust is intact," Peter Lundberg, the U.N. deputy humanitarian coordinator for Nigeria, said at a briefing in the northeastern city of Maiduguri.
Friday's raid had threatened to undermine an already-rocky relationship between Nigeria's military and the United Nations and other aid organizations.
The army said it was a search for members of Islamist insurgency Boko Haram in Maiduguri, the epicenter of the fight against the militants, in an area of the city that included the U.N. compound.
The army and United Nations still disagree over whether the compound was registered and designated as belonging to the U.N.
A worsening of relations between the U.N. and Nigeria could risk destabilising efforts to deliver aid to almost seven million people affected by the eight-year conflict with Boko Haram, one of the biggest humanitarian crises in the world.
The United Nations on Friday had halted various operations around the northeast, but following reassurances from Nigeria those resumed on Saturday, said Lundberg.
The insurgency has driven at least two million people from their homes, left tens of thousands on the brink of famine and millions more without secure access to food.
"We are here in support of the government of Nigeria, the United Nations agencies and over 60 non-government organizations," said Lundberg.
In a separate statement, Ibrahim Attahiru, a commander of Nigeria's operations against Boko Haram, said the army was not trying to block the United Nations' activities.
"We will continue to collaborate with the United Nations humanitarian agencies to achieve the goals of the counter-insurgency campaign and other developments to address the humanitarian crisis in the northeast region," they said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd:
* Ant Financial Services Group says issued letter to Moneygram Community as it relates to Ant Financial's agreement to merge with Moneygram
* Ant Financial says plans to further invest in Moneygram's global compliance and anti-money laundering programs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
YANKEES 5, ASTROS 3
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save.
DODGERS 8, PHILLIES 2
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and Los Angeles beat Philadelphia.
Stripling, who pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season, has 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings. Stripling (3-1) gave up a run and four hits to win their third straight start and lower their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
PADRES 3, MARLINS 2
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting San Diego past Miami.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year.
RANGERS 7, MARINERS 6
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Chirinos' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally, lifting Texas past Seattle.
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen, which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings.
Delino DeShields (walk) and Shin-Soo Choo (single) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook. Two batters later, Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to centre field to tie the game at 5-all.
Rzepczynski (0-1) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before they were pulled.
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 28 Tianjin Tianyao Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd :
* Says it received goods manufacture practice GMP certificate from Tianjin Food and Drug Administration
* Certificate issued to crude drug budesonide manufactured by the company for anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic use
* Valid until March 13, 2022
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/o8EHrv
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
HAVANA, April 28 Cuba plans to reduce spending further in 2018 following two years of budget cuts, the ruling Communist Party newspaper Granma wrote on Friday, as a deepening crisis in socialist ally Venezuela puts the squeeze on its finances.
The Caribbean island began to slash imports and reduce the use of fuel and electricity last year, sending its centrally planned economy into recession for the first time in nearly a quarter century.
"The basic premise (of the 2018 plan) is to meet production and service goals through efficiency and a lowering of costs to levels less than in 2017," Granma wrote on Friday, citing a presentation of Economy Minister Ricardo Cabrisas to the Council of Ministers.
In the wake of the 2014 crash in oil prices, Venezuela has reduced shipments of subsidized fuel to communist-run Cuba, as well as payments for Cuban professional services.
Other oil-producing allies, such as Angola and Algeria, also find themselves short of cash to pay for Cuban services.
A boom in tourism has not been enough to stem the hemorrhaging of hard currency in a country embargoed by the United States. Cuba does not publish up-to-date information on its debt, balance of payments and current account.
Cuban President Raul Castro admitted a year ago that the country was strapped for cash, adding in December that it was having trouble paying suppliers and thanking them for their patience.
The economy shrank 1 percent last year, they said, after averaging 3 percent growth the previous four years.
Relatively minor gas shortages appeared this month and the supply of imported consumer goods has been irregular this year.
Diplomats and foreign business people said some joint venture partners were having problems repatriating profits as state-run banks were short of cash to send abroad.
"It was reiterated that the plan (2018) must be objective, adjusted for the resources the country has," Granma wrote. (Reporting by Marc Frank; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
April 10 PBS Finanse SA:
* Reported on Friday FY revenue ​of 9.9 million zlotys ($2.48 million) versus 10.3 million zlotys a year ago
* FY net profit was 119,000 zlotys versus 494,000 zlotys a year ago
* Results impacted among others by low interest rate and efficiency in acquiring new SMEs and retail clients
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9875 zlotys)
March 29 Mondo TV SpA:
* FY net profit 8.6 million euros ($9.28 million) versus 3.1 million euros a year ago
* FY production value 29.2 million euros versus 18.9 million euros a year ago
* Board decided to carry forward the net result for the year, in consideration of the significant volume of investments that were planned, for the further increase of profitability Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9268 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
SYDNEY, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Trying to win back the Bledisloe Cup for the first time since 2003 should help their Western Force players deal with the disappointment of their side being cut from Super Rugby, Wallabies coach Michael Cheika has said.
The Perth-based Force had their Super Rugby licence rescinded by the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) on Friday after they agreed to cut one team from the competition following a decision to reduce it from 18 teams to 15 from next season.
Cheika has six Western Force players in their squad preparing for their Aug. 19 clash against New Zealand in Sydney, which doubles as the opening game of the Rugby Championship and a Bledisloe Cup match.
"Obviously they were disappointed, there's no doubt about that, but as a professional player they've also got to prepare themselves as well," Cheika told reporters in Sydney on Sunday.
"If there's any one thing that could keep your focus when something like this happens, it's the quest for winning a Bledisloe."
Cheika said they had been impressed with the way the Force players -- Adam Coleman, Dane Haylett-Petty, Tatafu Polota-Nau, Curtis Rona, Billy Meakes and Tetera Faulkner -- had handled the pressure of the decision.
"It was just about how we would try and deal with things and how they wanted to deal with things," Cheika added.
"From what I've seen of all our lads and those (Force) guys in particular, they've come in with a really strong focus on preparing themselves.
"Both Dane and Adam, who came in with some injuries have worked super hard to get themselves right.
"Then new guys like Rona and Billy Meakes, who have come in, have just excelled (and) they are competing strongly for places within the team."
Cheika indicated that they had also learned a lot from watching the way the British and Irish Lions pressured the All Blacks in their recent drawn series and they would likely ask their players to replicate that on Saturday.
"The target needs to be to put New Zealand under pressure," Cheika told Channel Nine earlier. "Then we will see what happens from there, we'll see if we can take the pickings." (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by John O'Brien)
FILE PHOTO: Movistar rider Alejandro Valverde of Spain looks on as they wait the start of the 138-km (85.74 miles) 19th stage of the 102nd Tour de France cycling race from Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne to La Toussuire-Les Sybelles in the French Alps mountains, France, July 24,... REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
ANS, Belgium Alejandro Valverde lived up to expectations when they timed their final effort to perfection to claim an emotional win in the Liege-Bastogne-Liege classic for the fourth time on Sunday.
The Movistar rider jumped away from a group of top guns with some 250 metres left to catch Dan Martin and easily outsprint the Irishman.
Poland's Michal Kwiatkowski took third place in the fourth of five 'Monument' classics as Valverde achieved the Fleche-Liege double for the third time after 2006 and 2015.
"My first words are to dedicate this victory to Michele Scarponi, who was a great friend of mine," Spaniard Valverde said as tears rolled down their cheeks. "My prize money will go to their family."
Italian Scarponi died on Saturday after being hit by a van during a training ride.
There was a minute of applause before the start of Sunday's 258-km race in memory of Scarponi, with their Astana teammates wearing black armbands.
Italian Davide Formolo attacked at the top of the penultimate climb, the Cote de Saint-Nicolas, and opened a 10-second gap over a group of some 20, but they faded with a kilometre to go.
Martin sped away from the leading group but there was no stopping Valverde, who added to their Tour of Murcia, Tour of Catalonia, Tour of Andalucia, Tour of the Basque Country and Fleche Wallonne titles.
(Writing by Julien Pretot; Editing by Clare Fallon)
An oil derrick and wind turbines stand above the plains north of Amarillo, Texas, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK Oil prices settled a shade firmer on Wednesday, easing from one-month highs, as support from an outage at the largest UK North Sea oilfield was offset by a surprise increase in U.S. crude inventories to a record high limited price gains.
News of the unplanned outage of the 180,000-barrels-per-day Buzzard field in the North Sea had already begun to support prices on Tuesday. Sources said the repairs would take one to two days.
Prices, however, turned lower briefly on Wednesday after the U.S. government reported a rise in crude inventories USOILC=ECI of 1.6 million barrels last week.
Analysts had expected a decrease of 435,000 barrels, and the build reported by the Energy Information Administration came as a double surprise after trade group the American Petroleum Institute (API) reported a 1.8 million-barrel draw late on Tuesday.
"Yesterday's API report gave the market a bullish head-fake via three chunky draws, hence a build to crude stocks and minor draws to the products is causing a tempering of bullish optimism," said Matt Smith, director of commodity research at ClipperData in Louisville, Kentucky.
Brent futures LCOc1 ended the session up 19 cents, or 0.4 percent, at $54.36 a barrel after earlier touching $55.09, last traded on March 8. U.S. crude CLc1 settled 12 cents, or 0.2 percent, higher at $51.15.
"The crude build caught the market leaning the wrong way. Crude exports dropped to 575,000 bpd this week, versus over 1 million bpd last week," said David Thompson, executive vice-president at Powerhouse, a commodities-focused broker in Washington.
"The selling most likely includes a fair number of sell stops being hit."
Still, there were positives in the data, traders and analysts said.
"Overall we think the data is fairly neutral," Standard Chartered said in a note.
It said total crude and product inventories fell 2 million barrels relative to their five-year average, in the right direction but significantly less than the previous week's 8.3 million barrel draw.
An output cut from Jan. 1 led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries helped lift prices off last year's lows but rising U.S. output and high crude stocks have limited the rally.
Saudi Arabia cut the May official selling prices (OSP) for its light crude oil for Asian customers, in line with expectations, but raised the price for oil sales to the United States.
OPEC and non-OPEC producers, including Russia, together cut supply by about 1.8 million bpd for six months, and are considering whether to extend the agreement.
The inventory surplus is likely to decline even without a prolonged cut, analysts at JBC Energy said.
"In the event of OPEC/non-OPEC not extending the cuts into the second half, the world would still continue to draw stocks at a mild pace of about 200,000 bpd until September, thereby lending support to prices one way or another," JBC said.
However, a rise in U.S. output is likely to pressure prices, analysts said.
(Additional reporting by Scott DiSavino in New York, Alex Lawler in London, Henning Gloystein in Singapore; editing by David Gregorio and Marguerita Choy)
LONDON, April 20 Consumer goods maker Unilever reported better than expected first-quarter sales on Thursday, helped by pricing growth.
The results could boost investor enthusiasm for Unilever, whose shares have remained higher since February when it received, and swiftly rejected, a $143 billion takeover offer from rival Kraft Heinz.
The maker of Dove soap and Knorr soups said underlying sales rose 2.9 percent in its financial first quarter. That compares to analysts' estimates of 2 percent, according to a consensus compiled by the company, and growth of 2.2 percent in the fourth quarter and 3.2 percent in the third quarter. (Reporting by Martinne Geller, editing by David Evans)
(Updates throughout with passage of bill, changes byline, dateline, previous NEW YORK)
By James Odato
ALBANY, N.Y., April 3 New York lawmakers on Monday passed an emergency spending plan authorizing Governor Andrew Cuomo to pay bills and keep the state government operating for the next two months.
The state was supposed to have a budget at the start of its fiscal 2018 on Saturday, but the legislature and Cuomo failed to agree on a comprehensive plan as they debated broader policies.
Monday's stopgap, 1,700-page "extender budget" avoids a government shutdown through May 31, assuring that state agencies and contractors will provide services and roughly 200,000 state employees will get paid despite the impasse.
The full budget has been delayed in part by debate over raising the age of adult criminal responsibility to 18, which would leave North Carolina as the only state to automatically prosecute and imprison 16- and 17-year-olds as adults regardless of the crime.
"There are political and ideological differences between the Senate and Assembly. We must resolve these issues. A complete budget requires it," Cuomo, who supports lifting the age, said in a statement late on Sunday.
Lawmakers and Cuomo have been divided over other issues, including a replacement for an expired program that gives tax breaks to affordable housing developers and extending a so-called millionaire's tax on wealthy New Yorkers.
Cuomo also laid some blame on uncertainty about Washington's policies, including any revised effort to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, which could strip New York of at least $4.6 billion of Medicaid and other funding.
"New York State is a target for hostile federal actions ranging from severe financial cutbacks to deprivation of legal and personal rights," said Cuomo, a Democrat who is widely touted as a possible 2020 presidential candidate.
Assembly member Fred Thiele Jr., an Independent who caucuses with Democrats, was one of several lawmakers to criticize the inclusion of policy initiatives in the budget legislation, saying from the legislative floor during voting on the bill that "we are not the platform committee for Cuomo 2020."
"They should not be forced down the throat of the legislature as part of the budget process," Thiele said during the session.
"The national stage is watching," said Assemblymember Diana Richardson, a Democrat from Brooklyn, who voted against the extension.
The budget extension authorizes $40 billion in state spending, including $10.3 billion in state appropriations, $12.4 billion aid to local governments and $17.3 billion in capital projects.
Lawmakers want to get the budget done this week. Whenever it arrives, it will be by far the latest budget since Cuomo took office in 2011.
The Republican-led Senate and Democrat-dominated Assembly endorsed the extension overwhelmingly, but many said they did so reluctantly to avoid a government shutdown.
Some were sour on the length of the extension or that it allows for $8.9 billion in new debt over the next two months. The measure authorizes billions of dollars in bond financing for bridges and infrastructure projects.
Cuomo and lawmakers are also close to a deal on plans to allow car-hailing services such as Lyft and Uber outside New York City, where they are already permitted, Assemblymember Kevin Cahill, a Democrat from Kingston who chairs the Assembly Insurance Committee, said in an interview on Monday after the voting session. (Reporting by James Odato in Albany; Additional reporting by Hilary Russ in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Richard Chang)
Top Job Finders, Owned and operated by Hinman Websites is pleased to announce the new website for job seekers. Hinman Websites has been in business since 2012 and are excited about this new venture.
Contact
Hinman Websites
Duane Hinman
***@topjobfinders.info Hinman WebsitesDuane Hinman
End
-- DM Hinman, owner and operator of Hinman Websites is pleased to formerly announce their new website dedicated people who are seeking employment or a career change. They offer many different articles providing information to those seeking employment in today's job market. The main topic of their website is different brand name companies that hire online such as McDonald's, Target, TJ Maxx, Starbucks and more.Their different articles written specifically to your needs for applying online in this fruitful economy. You will be updated on the hiring practices and requirements of each potential employer and then given the option to apply online.Welcome to Top Job FindersOne of the top staffing agencies.Our mission is to offer you tools to find the new job you are looking for and become one of the best job search sites. How to find a job. First, there are no fees charged, just look at all the jobs in your area simply by entering your zip code to get started.considers themselves as a top notch staffing agency to fullfill your employment needs.For more information about their new website visit http://topjobfinders.info Besides, Hinman Websites offers other websites as well as facebook pages. Stop by to welcome them into the internet community. Feel free to leave a comment or two and help us grow in the world wide web. If you need a job then Top Job Finders is for you. Check out the trailer video.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Beijing Jingxi Culture & Tourism Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to be 4.5 million yuan to 5.5 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net loss was 25.0 million yuan
* The main reasons for the forecast are gains from subsidiary acquisition and decreased marketing expense
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ogHKwL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
TOKYO, April 28 Sharp Corp on Friday reported a narrower annual loss for the year ended in March, as a cost-cutting drive by Taiwanese owner Foxconn started to show results.
The liquid crystal display manufacturer booked an annual net loss of 24.9 billion yen ($224.04 million), which was much less than the 255.97 billion loss the previous year.
The results beat expectations for a 28.4 billion yen loss forecast by an average of nine analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters.
In the fourth quarter, net profit was 16.2 billion yen, marking the second consecutive profitable quarter after two years of losses.
Sharp said it will give its outlook for the current fiscal year on May 26.
Executive Vice-President Katsuaki Nomura told reporters it was considering investing in the chip unit of beleaguered Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, although nothing had yet been decided.
Following its successful acquisition of Sharp last year, Foxconn is bidding for the unit, which is the world's second-largest NAND chipmaker behind Samsung Electronics Co Ltd . ($1 = 111.1400 yen) (Reporting by Sam Nussey; Editing by Randy Fabi)
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
PRIOR LAKE, Minn. — Pop singer Gwen Stefani will close out a star-studded Super Bowl week in Minnesota.
The three-time Grammy winner will headline at Club Nomadic at Mystic Lake Casino Hotel on Sunday, Feb. 4.
Stefani is the final headliner. Other acts at Club Nomadic include The Chainsmokers on Thursday, Feb. 1; Ellie Goulding and Norwegian electronic dance music artist DJ Kygo on Friday, Feb. 2; and Florida Georgia Line on Saturday, Feb. 3.
Stefani joins a growing list of performers who will be in Minnesota during Super Bowl week. Others include Jennifer Lopez, who will perform at Nomadic Live! on Super Saturday Night. Sheila E., the Revolution and Morris Day & the Time will perform a Prince tribute as part of a series of free concerts.
___
This version of the story corrects the spelling of Stefani's last name in the headline.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
MILAN Giorgio Armani said on Wednesday they would showcase the spring summer 2018 collection of their Emporio Armani women's line in London this September rather than in Milan, on the day the renovated Bond Street Emporio Armani store opens.
Both Giorgio Armani and Emporio Armani spring summer collections usually go on show in Milan in June for men and in September for women.
"London, dynamic, energetic and cosmopolitan is the perfect setting for my Emporio Armani collection," the 82-year-old Italian fashion designer said in a statement.
The show will be held on Sept. 17, during London fashion week.
Armani took a similar decision for the September show last year, which was moved to Paris to coincide with the restyling of their store in the French capital.
In February, the group announced a reorganization of its portfolio, bringing the Armani Collezioni and Armani Jeans lines under its Emporio Armani brand.
(Reporting by Giulia Segreti; Editing by Louise Ireland)
The Google logo adorns the entrance of Google Germany headquarters in Hamburg, Germany July 11, 2016. Picture taken July 11, 2016. REUTERS/Morris Mac Matzen
SEOUL Google Inc has offered to invest at least 1 trillion won ($880.29 million) to help South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd (034220.KS) boost output of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens for smartphones, the Electronic Times reported on Monday citing unnamed sources.
The paper said Google offered the investment to secure a stable supply of flexible OLED screens for its next Pixel smartphones. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's (005930.KS) flagship Galaxy smartphones use the bendable displays, while Apple Inc (AAPL.O) is expected to start using them in at least some of its next iPhones.
LG Display declined to comment, while Google could not be immediately reached for comment.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
March 31 Kyongbo Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says it receives patent on March 31, for novel crystal form of atorvastatin hemi-calcium, hydrate thereof, and method of producing the same
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/i8EiCU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Passengers believed to be North Koreans including Kim Uk Il (L) are seen inside an airplane for the flight bound for Beijing, at an airport in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia, in this photo taken by Kyodo March 30, 2017. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
KUALA LUMPUR Two, possibly three, North Koreans wanted for questioning over the murder of the estranged half-brother of their country's leader were believed to have accompanied the coffin of the victim on a flight from Kuala Lumpur after Malaysia agreed a swap deal with the reclusive state.
Photographs obtained by Reuters from Japan's Kyodo news agency show Hyon Kwang Song, the second secretary at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Kim Uk Il, a staff member of North Korea's state airline Air Koryo were on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on Thursday evening.
The pictures match those released by the Malaysian police earlier. The coffin carrying the body of Kim Jong Nam was also believed to have been on the same flight, though this has not been confirmed by authorities.
Malaysian media reported that the third North Korean, Ri Ji U, also known as James, who had been hiding with them at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur was also allowed to go home. The three men and the coffin are expected to be transferred to a flight to Pyongyang.
Malaysian authorities released the body Kim Jong Nam to North Korea on Thursday, in a deal that secured the release of nine Malaysian citizens held in Pyongyang after a drawn out diplomatic spat.
(Reporting by Praveen Menon; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 5 TASER International, the maker of electrical weapons for police officers, is changing its name to Axon as it pushes further into the software business.
The Axon name comes from the business unit that sells police body cameras, patrol car cameras and the software for managing the hours of digital footage they generate.
In a gamble that police departments will sign up for paid software subscriptions, the company is offering a free body camera to police officers in addition to a year of free access to Evidence.com, its online software for managing video and other evidence.
TASER still gets the bulk of its revenue from selling its weapons, which use electrical current to immobilize targets. Last year, $202.6 million of its $268.2 million in revenue came from its weapons segment, mostly in the form of replacement cartridges.
But nearly a quarter of TASER's revenue now comes from the Axon segment. Software revenue for Evidence.com nearly doubled to $11.7 million.
"The hardware creates an issue for police departments in a sense that you're creating hours and hours of raw data," said Steve Dyer, senior research analyst for Craig-Hallum Capital Group. "You have the question not only of how to store the data in an industry that is not traditionally that tech savvy, but also how to handle digital evidence with the same safeguards as physical evidence."
Evidence.com software is sold on a subscription basis, typically five-year contracts. That means TASER would have to spend money to sign up the customer, but revenue would trickle in over a number of years.
Software firms like Salesforce.com or Workday have persuaded investors to tolerate this revenue model. But it can cut into profits in the short term: TASER's profits dipped from $19.9 million to $17.2 million last year despite strong revenue growth.
"Once an agency has been on board with Evidence.com for five years, we think the churn rate will be quite low," CEO Rick Smith told Reuters.
TASER only started selling software in earnest in 2012, so there is still little data to support Smith's assertion. Meantime, the company is working to add features: it acquired an artificial intelligence startup called Dextro this year, providing technology that helps police search and redact footage.
Dyer said TASER had a virtual monopoly on electric weapons and had already sold body cameras to most of the big police departments that have made a decision on the technology.
"It's a bet on whether they can turn this captive audience and first-mover advantage into a software and services revenue stream down the road," they said. (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Andrew Hay)
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
CAIRO (Reuters) - Arab foreign ministers late on Saturday urged the United States to abandon its decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital, saying the move would increase violence throughout the region.
Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit speaks during Arab League foreign ministers emergency meeting on Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, in Cairo, Egypt December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
The announcement by President Donald Trump on Wednesday was a “dangerous violation of international law”, had no legal impact and was “void”, the Arab League said in a statement after a session attended by all its members in Cairo.
Trump's endorsement of Israel's claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital would reverse long-standing U.S. policy that the city's status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
“The decision has no legal effect ... it deepens tension, ignites anger and threatens to plunge region into more violence and chaos,” the Arab League said at 3 a.m. local time after hours of meetings that began on Saturday evening.
A general view shows the Arab Peace Initiative meeting in Cairo, Egypt December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
It said it would seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move.
Lebanon's Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said during the emergency meeting that Arab nations should consider imposing economic sanctions against the United States to prevent it moving its Israel embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.
Slideshow (6 Images)
“Pre-emptive measures (must be) taken ... beginning with diplomatic measures, then political, then economic and financial sanctions,” they said, without giving specific details.
The Arab League statement made no mention of economic sanctions.
Arab criticism of Trump's plan contrasted sharply with the praise Washington's traditional Arab allies heaped on them at the beginning of their administration in January.
March 28 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc it had terminated the employment of its CEO and appointed a temporary replacement. Martin Reid, who had been with Home Capital for a decade, will leave immediately and no longer serve on any of boards of directors of the firm or its subsidiaries. tgam.ca/2mLTwZN
** Hong Kong-based O-Net Communications announced that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's cabinet had given it the green light to acquire ITF Technologies, a leader in fibre-laser technology. tgam.ca/2mLRaKH
** At least two of Canada's largest banks, Bank of Nova Scotia and Toronto-Dominion Bank, audited their own sales practices last year, taking extra measures after a damaging sales scandal engulfed U.S.-based Wells Fargo & Co . tgam.ca/2mLQpRR
** Savanna Energy Services Corp's shares fell on Monday after investors holding more than half the company's stock tendered to Total Energy Services Inc's C$225 million ($167.96 million) hostile offer, all but sealing a takeover battle for the oil-field services provider. tgam.ca/2mLDbod
NATIONAL POST
** Publicly traded medical marijuana companies got a bounce Monday after news reports provided clarity on the federal government's plan for marijuana, suggesting it will be legal for pot smokers in time to celebrate Canada Day next year. bit.ly/2mLAJxD
** With only a few months left at the helm of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, chairperson Jean-Pierre Blais lamented the absence of indigenous commissioners at the regulator as it kicked off a public hearing for aboriginal radio stations on Monday. bit.ly/2mLDzCP ($1 = 1.3396 Canadian dollars) (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
0 SHARES 6 VIEWS Share Tweet Share Pin Share Send
Calling all fashionista's! The New York Fashion Week is approaching and we have the low down. Take a look at the schedule below.
BOSTON/BUENOS AIRES Argentina's state-run oil company YPF SA is among the bidders for Royal Dutch Shell Plc's refinery and network of gasoline stations in Argentina, according to two people familiar with the process.
Other nationally owned oil companies are interested in the assets but YPF is seen as having an edge because of its strong position in Argentina, the sources said.
The assets, including a 113,000 barrel-per-day refinery in Buenos Aires, were put on the block as part of Shell's program of asset sales to pay down debt after acquiring rival BG Group last year.
Shell confirmed it is selling the assets but declined to comment on potential bidders, said spokesperson Kimberly Windon.
YPF declined to comment on the potential bid.
The assets are valued at less than $1 billion, according to the sources.
Oil majors including Shell, Chevron Corp and Exxon Mobil Corp are divesting refineries to focus on more lucrative oil production and exploration, leaving room for regional players like YPF to grow.
Shell CEO Ben van Beurden said last year the company planned to pull out of downstream oil and gas in Argentina, which includes refining and selling fuels.
Goldman Sachs has been retained to market the assets, according to one of the two people.
Upstream activities, which include oil exploration and production, are not under review, they said.
Argentine newspaper La Nacion previously reported that YPF was interested in the refinery and gas stations.
(Reporting by Jessica Resnick-Ault in Boston and Juliana Castilla in Buenos Aires; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
May 3 Chordia Food Products Ltd
* Says approved scheme of arrangement for amalgamation of Pravin Foods Private Ltd into co
* Says approved scheme of arrangement for demerger of food business of Chordia Food Park and Properties Ltd into co Source text: (bit.ly/2pEJ84s) Further company coverage:
April 5 American Vanguard Corp
* American Vanguard enters into agreement with Adama to acquire certain crop protection assets in the U.S.
* American Vanguard Corp - financial terms of agreement were not disclosed.
* American Vanguard - through unit entered agreement to acquire certain crop protection assets in U.S. From units of Adama Agricultural Solutions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ROME Italian manufacturing activity expanded in April at its fastest rate in more than six years, a survey showed on Tuesday, as orders drove the index higher for the third month in a row.
The Markit/ADACI Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) rose to 56.2 from 55.7 in March, marking its highest reading since March 2011 and staying above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction for the eighth month in a row.
The sub-index for new orders rose to 58.5, the highest since February 2011, from 56.2 in March. A sub-index measuring output also hit a six-year high in April.
Last month the government said Italy's economy, consistently among the most sluggish in the euro zone, would grow 1.1 percent this year, slightly more than its previous 1.0 percent forecast.
(Reporting by Steve Scherer; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Usain Bolt pulled up with injury on the anchor leg of the 4x100 metres relay final at the World Athletics Championships on Saturday as the last race of their unparalleled career ended in high drama.
The 30-year-old had taken the baton for Jamaica a few metres adrift when, straining hard to catch the leaders, they suddenly suffered a hamstring injury, began hobbling and ended up coming to a halt after doing a forward roll on the track.
As Britain went on to win gold, Bolt was tended to with their head in hands.
After a short while, though, they rose gingerly to their feet and limped across the line to huge cheers from the 56,000 crowds. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
As The Washington Post's Amy B Wang reported, Kohlhepp recounted in detail — and even seemed to brag — about killing four people at a South Carolina motorcycle shop, which had come to be known as the "Superbike" murders.
"All of a sudden, I had three people in front of me. ... Mom was the closest. ... And I shot them two, three times in the chest. Not my best work. ... They fell. The son and the manager, they ... ran for the door, took off. ... At that range, they should have run to me, not away.
" ... That was one big building. I cleared that building in under 30 seconds," Kohlhepp told investigators. "I'm sorry, but you guys would have been proud."
More than a decade later, Kohlhepp hired Brown and their boyfriend, Charles "David" Carver, to do some cleaning work at the property they owned in Woodruff. They told "Dr. Phil" that they had previously cleaned houses for Kohlhepp and never thought they were in danger as they drove to Woodruff.
But Kohlhepp killed Carver and kidnapped Brown. Investigators tracked them down by tracing their cellphones.
Dramatic video released by investigators showed them sawing through a lock on the shed where Brown was hidden. Suddenly free, they spewed out details about their captor and the other crimes he'd revealed to them
Carver's body and two others were found on the property. Kohlhepp also confessed to the motorcycle shop murders in Chesnee.
As for the most recent claims, Anderson Police Department Capt. Mike Walters told the Herald-Journal they don't believe Kohlhepp is connected to any open local cases but that there could be more victims in other states where Kohlhepp has spent time.
The FBI told the newspaper the investigation remains open.
But the only person who knows for sure is being cryptic.
"At this point," Kohlhepp wrote in the letter, "I really don't see reason to give numbers or locations."
Astaxanthin is a naturally occurring pigment. It is a reddish color pigment belongs to a family of carotenoid pigments. It has various significant properties such as excellent UV resistance, anti-oxidant, anti-aging, and reliable nature. It is used to provide the flexibility, comfort, and biocompatibility nature to the product.
The Global Astaxanthin Market has been driven by its growing usage in the production of feed, supplements, food, health care products, and others. Moreover, it is estimated that the personal care product segment is set to witness the highest growth in the market due to increasing consumption of carotenoid pigments in different products such as anti-aging cream, lotions, perfumes, and others.
Market Segmentation:
The Global Astaxanthin Market is segregated into source, form, process, and end-use. On the basis of the source, the market is further categorized into natural and chemical. The most widely used source in the market is natural segment due to its growing consumption in feed, food, agriculture, and others. It is predicted that the chemical source segment may witness slow growth due to growing substitution of synthetic products by natural materials over the forecast period. On the basis of form, the market is sub-divided into dry and liquid astaxanthin. The growing use of dry pigments as a feed and fodder is projected to drive the market in the coming years. The liquid pigment is likely to grow at a higher CAGR on account of its increasing use in the personal care and cosmetics products.
On the Basis of Process, the market is segmented into biological and chemical. Between these, the biological segment is anticipated to observe a rapid growth due to its ant-toxic, reliable nature over chemical products.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4833
The application is classified into feed, supplements, food, health care products, and others. Among these, the health care products segment is expected to observe a higher growth due to its increasing use in fairness products.
Competitive Analysis:
Some of the major players functioning in the Global Astaxanthin Market are Alga Technologies (Israel), BASF SE (Germany), Koninklijke DSM N.V. (the Netherlands), Fuji Chemical Industries Co., Ltd. (Japan), JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Japan), Heliae (the U.S.), Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.(Japan), Fenchem(China), Parry Nutraceuticals(India), and Piveg, Inc. (the U.S.), among others.
Segmental Analysis:
The Global Astaxanthin Market is spanned across five key regions of the world namely Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, North America holds a major portion of the global market and is anticipated to continue its dominance due to rising demand for astaxanthin in various applications. The U.S., Canada, and Mexico are the major players in this region. The Asia Pacific region is estimated to witness a higher growth due to fast growing countries such as China, Japan, and India owing to growing demand for carotenoid pigments in feed, food, and health care products. A rapid development is observed in the European region owing to the extensive use of pigments in the healthcare, supplements, and bio-tech industries. Moreover, it is projected that the feed and food segments are set to grow at a rapid rate in the market due to anti-toxic and comfort abilities offered by the product. Due to these factors, Germany, the U.K. and Italy are the major contributors to the Astaxanthin Market in Europe. The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America regions are estimated to observe a significant growth due to growing technological advancement in heavy end industries.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/astaxanthin-market-4833
Key Points from Table of Contents:
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
3 Market Research Methodology
4 Market Landscape
5 Industry Overviews of Global Astaxanthin Market
6 Market Trends
7. Global Astaxanthin Market by Source
8. Global Astaxanthin Market by Form
9. Global Astaxanthin Market by Process
10. Global Astaxanthin Market by Region
11. Company Landscape
12. Company Profiles
12.1 Alga Technologies
12.1.1 Company Overview
12.1.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
12.1.3 Financial Updates
12.1.4 Key Developments
12.2 BASF SE
12.2.1 Company Overview
12.2.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
12.2.3 Financial Updates
12.2.4 Key Developments
12.3 Koninklijke DSM N.V.
12.3.1 Company Overview
12.3.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
12.3.3 Financial Updates
12.3.4 Key Developments
12.4 Fuji Chemical Industries Co., Ltd.
12.4.1 Company Overview
12.4.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
12.4.3 Financial Updates
12.4.4 Key Developments
12.5 JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
12.5.1 Company Overview
12.5.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
12.5.3 Financial Updates
12.5.4 Key Developments
13 Conclusion
Make an Enquiry before buying @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/4833
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
NBC's upcoming television show "Forever Young" (premiering June 21), is another example of the new trend that celebrates our older population.
Contact
Diane Rumbaugh
***@rumbaughpr.com Diane Rumbaugh
End
-- NBC's upcoming television show "Forever Young" (http://www.nbc.com/little-big-shots-forever-young?nbc=1) (premiering June 21), is another example of the new trend that celebrates our older population. It comes on the heels of the HBO documentary, "If You're Not in the Obit…Eat Breakfast."Forever Young is hosted by Steve Harvey and highlights the talents of those in their 60s and beyond. "If we're fortunate enough, we'll live long lives, says Dr. Noelle Nelson (http://noellenelson.com/), author of "Happy Healthy…Dead:Why What You Think You Know About Aging is Wrong, and How to Get It Right." (https://www.amazon.com/Happy-Healthy-Dead-Think-About/dp/1517008972/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1448908788&sr=1-1)"Programs like Forever Young provide living proof that our later years can be some of our best years. How do we get there? A lot depends on our attitude."Nelson has highlighted over 100 thriving individuals in their 80s, 90s and beyond on their "Meet The Amazings" ( https://www.facebook.com/ MeetTheAmazings/ ) Facebook page in the past year alone. Some are famous, most are not.Nelson explains that every person featured on Meet The Amazings has an appreciation for life. "They have a zest for living; they still have a lot they want to do. They are happy ( http://abcnews.go.com/ Technology/story? id=4688191 ), optimistic and grateful for each day. I expect that to be true of those on Forever Young too," says Nelson. "Now compare their outlook with people who are sitting around waiting for life's clock to expire. It's a stark contrast."An appreciative life often means a longer life. In a 2011 study, researchers at University College, London, gauged the happiness levels of people ages 52 to 79 by monitoring their feelings several times over a day. Then, five years later, the researchers examined how many of those people had died. The result? Older people who are happy have aover a five-year period than unhappy people. Even after the researchers controlled for medical conditions including cancer and diabetes, and health risks such as smoking, being happy waslinked with living longer."Of course, good health and financial security play a role," notes Nelson. "But study after study shows that those who see life through an appreciative lens, regardless of health or financial issues, still live a longer, happier life than those who don't."Nelson suggests that everyone, no matter their age, adopt the appreciation approach. "You can start to enjoy the mental and physical health benefits right away," says Nelson. "Don't wait until you hit 70. Find something you love, something that will make you happy and fulfilled and then go for it. And always take time to appreciate life's ordinary pleasures, from the taste of your morning brew to the sweetness of a child's smile.
April 28 Marvipol:
* A special purpose vehicle Industrial Center 37 Sp. z o.o (SPV) signs an agreement with Shipston Sp. z o.o. for the sale of 2 projects for 32.4 million euros ($35.27 million)
* SPV is a unit of Marvipol Estate Sp. z o.o. and PG Europe S.a r.l.
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9186 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
SAN ANTONIO, April 20 The last orca to be born in Texas at a SeaWorld park, which popularized killer whale shows in the 1960s but faced growing opposition in recent years, has been born at SeaWorld San Antonio.
Veterinarians at the park have not yet determined the gender of the calf, but said the baby and its mother Takara are in good shape and being monitored closely.
Attendance at SeaWorld Entertainment Inc's theme parks has been falling amid negative publicity and criticism from animal rights activists upset by the treatment of captive marine mammals.
Takara was already pregnant when the company said last year that it was suspending its captive breeding program and phasing out killer whale shows at its three parks in Orlando, Florida, San Diego, California and San Antonio.
"This is the last one, and that makes this a particularly big deal," SeaWorld Chief Zoological Officer Chris Dold said of Wednesday afternoon's birth. "It is a bit bitter sweet. We love these killer whales."
The calf was born after an 18-month gestation and is estimated to weigh between 300 and 350 pounds (136 and 159 kg) and measure between 6 and 7 feet (1.8 to 2.1 meters), SeaWorld said. It was 25-year-old Takara's fifth birth.
SeaWorld's vice president of veterinary services, Dr. Hendrik Nollens, it will be the last chance for researchers to study orca development in ways that cannot be done in the wild.
Animal rights group People for Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) said SeaWorld should move Takara and their calf from their tank to an "ocean sanctuary," an area of sea enclosed by nets.
"There are a lot of people willing to help. There are companies that have stepped forward and offered major donations," said PETA's corporate affairs specialist, Stephanie Shaw. "These types of seaside sanctuaries are very doable." (Reporting by Jim Forsyth; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Sandra Maler)
At present, value of the global safety needles market is estimated to be s worth US$ 3,752.2 Mn, and it is estimated to reach US$ 7,765.7 Mn by 2027-end, witnessing a CAGR of 6.9% during this forecast period. The growing focus on utilization of prefilled syringes for treatment of several ailments is fuelling the demand for safety needles across the globe. Factors such as changing lifestyle habits, exposure to hormones and infection by HCV are expected to result in gynaecological cancers. Rising incidence rate of gynaecological cancers, coupled with higher presence of lower-back problems in regions such as the US are driving the demand for spine needles and other types of safety needles.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/safety-needle-market
Hypodermic needles, as a product, will dominate the market, and is expected to account for 18.1% share during the forecast period. However, biopsy needles are expected to witness the fastest revenue growth at 8.6% CAGR.
Hospital pharmacies are estimated to account for more than half of safety needles being distributed globally, while private clinics are expected to garner over US$ 1,300 Mn through 2027.
Drug delivery application of safety needles is expected to gain 242 BPS in its market share. In addition, sample collection is projected to create an absolute $ opportunity of around US$ 1,840 Mn in 2017 over 2016.
Leading companies are participating in campaigns in co-ordination with governments of several economies for raising awareness about unsafe use of reusable needles among patients. Increasing prevalence of HIV & blood-borne diseases, owing to needle injuries, has also urged the companies for development of needles with enhanced safety features.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2029
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Product Type
6. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Application
7. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Distribution Channel
8. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Region
9. North America Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
10. Latin America Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
11. Western Europe Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Eastern Europe Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
13. APEJ Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
14. Japan Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
15. MEA Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
16. Competition Landscape
17. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
18. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2029
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A fruit vendor waits to sell their goods outside a bank in central Harare, Zimbabwe December 19, 2016. REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo
HARARE The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) on Monday pledged $253 million to fund a five-year plan to end hunger in Zimbabwe, which is emerging from a devastating drought that left more than 4 million people in need of food aid last year.
An El Nino-induced drought scorched crops and killed livestock in the southern African nation, forcing the government to launch an emergency appeal for food from donors.
On Monday, the WFP representative in Zimbabwe, Eddie Rowe said the agency would move away from short-term food handouts to technical assistance to improve food security in the country.
"While maintaining strong humanitarian assistance, the WFP Zimbabwe's new country strategic plan focuses on supporting longer-term national social protection and resilience efforts, strengthening the systems and institutions needed to help achieve zero hunger," Rowe told reporters.
Rowe said the WFP planned to spend $53 million of the $253 million budget in 2017.
The WFP says recurrent climate-related disasters, poverty, poor access to water, a fragile economic environment, liquidity challenges, low agricultural output, limited access to markets and HIV and AIDS are the major causes of hunger in Zimbabwe.
Zimbabwe expects to produce 3 million tonnes of grain this year following above normal rains and now expects higher economic growth than initial forecasts, Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said last month.
(Reporting by MacDonald Dzirutwe; Editing by Stephen Powell)
(Recasts to add further details, share performance throughout)
By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Marcela Ayres
São Paulo/BRASILIA, March 29 Brazilian banks set aside a record amount of capital to cover bad loans in February, the central bank said on Wednesday, signaling caution as Latin America's largest economy struggles to emerge from its worst recession on record.
Loan loss provisions averaged the equivalent of 6.9 percent of Brazil's outstanding bank loans last month, above 6.8 percent in January and 6 percent in February 2016, the central bank said in a report.
State-controlled and private-sector banks remain reluctant to reduce their loan loss provisions despite recent declines in delinquencies, the data showed. Lenders surprisingly moved borrowing costs slightly higher last month, on concerns that an unexpectedly slow economic recovery could spur new defaults.
Loans in arrears for 90 days or more in Brazil fell to an eight-month low, totaling 5.6 percent of outstanding non-earmarked loans, in February from 5.7 percent in January. The drop may have reflected recent reductions in Brazil's benchmark Selic overnight lending rate as well as steps by banks to refinance looming debt maturities, analysts said.
Delinquencies, however, rose at state banks, which account for 56 percent of lending. Corporate loan delinquencies remained under pressure in February, with 15-day to 90-day defaults rising in the category, the central bank said.
Executives at Brazil's largest banks said in recent weeks that loan-loss provisions will only fall later in the year, once there are signs that Brazil has emerged from a deep three-year recession.
"Going forward, we expect credit conditions to remain somewhat exigent but to gradually ease at the margin, supported by the tentative signs of economic stabilization and the central bank's front-loaded rate-cutting cycle," said Alberto Ramos, chief Latin America economist with Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Outstanding bank loans in Brazil reached 3.070 trillion reais ($982 billion) at the end of February, representing a 3.5 percent drop in the past 12 months. The central bank estimates 2 percent growth for outstanding bank loans this year.
($1 = 3.1251 reais) (Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Paul Simao)
April 6 Dataram Corp:
* Dataram Corporation holds special meeting of shareholders
* Dataram - shareholders approved to implement a reverse stock split of co's stock by a ratio of not less than 1-for-2 and not more than 1-for-10 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Olympic champions the United States reclaimed their women's 4x400m relay world title as Jamaica suffered more injury heartbreak in the final on Sunday.
Twenty four hours after Usain Bolt sensationally pulled up in their relay event, Anneisha McLaughlin-Whilby slowed down clutching their leg 20 metres into their second leg and went to ground, ending Jamaica's reign as world champions.
Jamaica had been in the lead, but American Allyson Felix surged clear of the field to open up a 15-metre gap which teammates Shakima Wimbley and Phyllis Francis extended to win gold in a world leading time of 3 minutes 19.02 seconds.
Felix strengthened their record as the most decorated athlete in World Championships history by winning their 11th gold to equal Bolt's haul. It was their 16th medal overall.
The 60,000 spectators inside the London Stadium were on their feet as Britain finished second in 3:25.00 to clinch silver. Poland came third in 3:25.41 to take bronze. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
WASHINGTON, March 29 A U.S. Senate investigation into Russia's meddling during the U.S. election should include a thorough review of any financial ties between Russia and President Donald Trump and their associates, Democratic senator Ron Wyden said Wednesday.
In a formal written request made to the leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, Wyden said financial relationships between Trump, a real estate developer with properties around the world, and Russia are deserving of scrutiny because of resistance by Trump and some in their orbit have not been forthcoming about their finances.
"Efforts to understand these relationships and to separate fact from speculation have been hampered by the opacity of the finances of President Trump and their associates," Wyden, who also sits on the intelligence panel, wrote to Republican Richard Burr and Democrat Mark Warner.
The letter, though devoid of new details, is the latest piece of evidence suggesting Trump's business dealings are attracting expanded interest from investigators amid a raft of new reports scrutinizing potential financial entanglements between the president and Russia.
Trump has declined to release their tax returns, bucking decades of precedent for presidents and presidential candidates.
The letter followed new disclosures in recent weeks of previously unknown meetings and financial arrangements between Trump's associates and wealthy Russians, and came as Democrats attempt to focus public attention on questions about Trump's connections to Russia.
On Monday, the state development bank Vnesheconombank disclosed that its executives had met Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and a top White House adviser, in December. And last week Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign chairperson, admitted they had done business work for Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska.
Trump has repeatedly insisted allegations that they or members of their administration have an untoward relationship with Russia as "fake news." They have also said that they have no business deals in Russia.
A Reuters investigation published earlier this month found that dozens of members of the Russian elite have bought at least $98.4 million worth of property in seven Trump-branded luxury towers in southern Florida, according to public documents, interviews and corporate records.
Wyden has repeatedly tried to push into public light more information about U.S. investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 election.
They organized a two-sentence letter from seven senators to the White House last November asking the outgoing Obama administration to declassify additional information about Russia's interference in the election. Then-president Barack Obama announced a review of Russia's activities soon after.
U.S. intelligence agencies later released a review of its assessment of Russia's multi-pronged influence campaign, concluding Moscow's actions were intended to help Trump win and discredit their opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton. Russia has denied the allegations.
Wyden in January also asked Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey if their agency was investigating links between Russia and associates of Trump. Comey declined to answer, but last week confirmed the FBI was probing possible ties.
Examining finances has long been within the purview of the oversight role of the intelligence panel, Wyden wrote, citing a recent committee report said that "financial intelligence has emerged as a significant area of (intelligence community) activity, aiming to ‘follow the money' of adversaries." (Reporting by Dustin Volz; Editing by David Rohde and Lisa Shumaker)
BERLIN Germany has no plans to introduce an 'Islam law' codifying the rights and obligations of Muslims, a government spokesperson said on Monday, dismissing an idea floated by allies of Chancellor Angela Merkel ahead of federal elections in September.
Merkel, who will seek a fourth term in what is expected to be a close-fought ballot, has come under fire for opening Germany's doors to refugees, more than one million of whom - mostly Muslims - have entered the country over the past two years.
Seeking to boost support for the chancellor's conservatives, senior Merkel ally Julia Kloeckner stoked the integration debate at the weekend by calling for stricter rules for Islamic preachers and a ban on foreign funding of mosques.
Merkel's spokesperson Steffen Seibert dismissed the idea, which Kloeckner - who is deputy leader of the chancellor's Christian Democrats (CDU) - and other senior party members want to enshrine in an Islam law.
"Such a law is now not an issue for government business," Seibert told a news conference, stressing the high regard Merkel's ruling coalition has for religious freedom in Germany.
While stopping short of calling for an Islam law, Merkel said in their weekly podcast on Saturday that refugees in Germany must respect tolerance, openness and freedom of religion.
The message backed up a less compromising tone on integrating migrants that Merkel set at a CDU party conference in December, when they called for a ban on full-face Muslim veils "wherever legally possible".
By talking tougher on integration, Merkel is also seeking to reclaim support their party lost last year over their refugee policy to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which punished the CDU in regional elections in 2016.
The AfD has lost voter support this year, hurt by infighting that has sent its ratings down to around 8 percent from a high of 15.5 percent at the end of 2016.
In the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte used a similar tactic to win re-election this year, seizing back the initiative from anti-Islam populist rivals by matching some of their tough rhetoric on immigration.
They told the country's half-million ethnic Turks that they should integrate and accept Dutch views on freedom of speech or "get lost" after some had been filmed behaving aggressively toward a reporter during a demonstration.
"Our norms and values are all or nothing: you can't pick and choose," they said in response to the footage in an interview last September.
(Additional reporting by Thomas Escritt in Amsterdam; editing by John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 1-Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
April 6 Cachet Financial Solutions Inc
* Cachet financial solutions inc says announces corporate rebranding, changes name to digiliti money Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tennis-Nadal withdraws from Queen's tournament on doctors' advice
LONDON, June 13 French Open champion Rafa Nadal has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Championships at The Queen's Club after advice from their doctors to rest, organisers announced on Tuesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- CBS Corp and Viacom Inc, which were part of the same company from 2000 to 2006, said on Thursday that their boards had created special committees of independent directors to "evaluate a potential combination." (nyti.ms/2DRMonc)
- India announced on Thursday a sweeping plan to give half a billion people free access to healthcare. The healthcare plan, part of the government's 2018-19 budget presented on Thursday, would offer 100 million families up to 500,000 rupees ($7,797.88) of coverage each year. (nyti.ms/2GEeRKV)
- Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, in an email, advertised an "employee treasure" product with an 8.5 percent return if workers handed over $1,500, while a similar one dangled 9 percent, and a third mentioned a return as high as 40 percent if employees handed up $15,000. These pitches, more than a dozen of which were reviewed by The New York Times, were not part of an employee stock program. Instead, they appear to be high interest loans, with the company as borrower and its workers as lenders. (nyti.ms/2nvM0Az) ($1 = 64.1200 Indian rupees) (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom)
* German 10-yr yields hit highest since Sep 2015
* U.S. yields spike as rate hikes expected
* Payroll data could confirm trend
* Nowotny says QE should end now, but decision in September
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices, adds quote)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan and Fanny Potkin
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone bond yields hit multi-year highs on Friday before the United States releases employment data that's expected to bolster expectations U.S. interest rates will rise.
Investors have been shedding euro zone bonds this year as a booming European economy heightens expectations the European Central Bank will tighten monetary policy.
News from the U.S. is giving the sell-off fresh impetus.
“Bunds remain vulnerable as U.S. headwinds look set to persist ahead of today's (employment) data,” Commerzbank analysts said in a note.
A Reuters poll forecast the United States added 180,000 jobs in January, an increase from 148,000 the month before.
The yield on 10-year Treasuries climbed to their highest since April 2015 at 2.80 percent in European trade on Friday.
Euro zone government bond yields also rose, adding 3 to 4 bps across the board. The yield on Germany's 10-year government bond reached its highest since September 2015 at 0.75 percent. ECB rate-setter Ewald Nowotny may also have put upwards pressure on yields. The policymaker said on Thursday that they believed the ECB's asset-purchase programme should be stopped now, but a decision on the programme will only be reached by September
ING strategist Benjamin Schroeder said “yields have been rising since the ECB meeting and now hawks like Nowotny are saying this is the right time to talk about the end of QE and that adds to the move.”
The gap between the U.S. and German benchmark yields was at elevated levels at 206 basis points.
Meanwhile, 10-year British government yields were at their highest level since May 2016 at 1.59 percent, up 5 bps on the day.
“We do not see any support for U.S. Treasuries here other than domestically, if U.S. equities weaken,” said Peter Chatwell, Mizuho's head of rates strategy.
“On the other hand, higher yields will increase euro buying and will also make European government bonds more attractive for foreign investors, causing them to continue their outperformance of USTs.”
The gap between low-rated Southern European debt and the German benchmark bonds widened from the tight levels seen on Thursday.
The Spain-Germany 10-year government bond yield spread, for example, grew to 71 bps from 67 bps the day before, the smallest the gap has been since March 2010 .
Bank of America Merrill-Lynch's indicator of market sentiment hit a “sell” signal pointing to a downturn for risk assets, the bank's strategists said on Friday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Red Pine Exploration Inc:
* RED PINE EXPLORATION APPOINTS NEW CFO
* RED PINE EXPLORATION INC - ANNOUNCE THAT TARA GILFILLAN, HAS BEEN APPOINTED AS RED PINE‘S CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY
* RED PINE EXPLORATION INC - GILFILLAN REPLACES MARC JOHNSON, WHO SERVED AS COMPANY‘S CFO SINCE OCTOBER 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 After months of internal discord, Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday were still trying to craft a bill to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, a law they have been attacking since it was enacted in 2010.
Two attempts in recent weeks to pass an overhaul bill have collapsed in confusion, with conservatives pushing for a more complete repeal and moderates keen to avoid going too far for fear of angering their constituents.
Obamacare brought health insurance coverage to millions of Americans. The first version of the Republican bill, known as the American Health Care Act, or AHCA, would have left 24 million more Americans without coverage, according to an estimate by nonpartisan congressional researchers.
The House has recently added two amendments to the AHCA to try to appease both conservatives and moderates. Here are the latest versions of the bill's main provisions:
COVERAGE
The Republican plan would maintain some of Obamacare's most popular provisions. It would allow young adults to stay on their parents' health plan until age 26 and it would ban insurers from setting a lifetime dollar limit on coverage.
An amendment introduced by moderate Republican Representative Tom MacArthur would let states opt out of Obamacare's mandate that insurers charge sick and healthy people the same rates. It would also allow states to opt out of Obamacare's requirement that insurers cover 10 essential health benefits, such as maternity care and mental health treatment.
The measure would provide states with $100 billion, largely to fund high-risk pools to provide insurance to the sickest patients. An amendment added Wednesday would provide another $8 billion over five years to help those with pre-existing conditions pay for health insurance.
The bill would let insurers mark up premiums by 30 percent for those who have a lapse in insurance coverage of about two months or more.
Insurers won another provision they had long sought: The ability to charge older Americans up to five times more than young people. Under Obamacare, they could only charge up to three times more.
TAX
The Republicans want to end in 2018 Obamacare's income-based tax credits that help low-income people buy insurance. These would be replaced with age-based tax credits ranging from $2,000 to $4,000 per year that would be capped at upper-income levels. While Obamacare's credits gave more help to those with lower incomes, the Republican plan would be largely age-based.
The Republican bill would abolish most Obamacare taxes, including on medical devices, health insurance premiums, indoor tanning salons, prescription medications and high-cost employer-provided insurance known as "Cadillac" plans.
Those taxes paid for Obamacare. Republicans have not said how they would pay for the parts of the law they want to keep.
The bill would also repeal the Obamacare financial penalty for the 2016 tax year for not purchasing insurance, as well as a surtax on investment income earned by upper-income Americans.
It would repeal the mandate that larger employers must offer insurance to their employees.
MEDICAID
Under Obamacare, more than 30 states, including about a dozen Republican states, expanded the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor. About half of Obamacare enrollees obtained insurance through the expansion.
The bill would allow the Medicaid expansion to continue until January 1, 2020, providing states chose not to expand. After that date, expansion would end and Medicaid funding would be capped on a per-person basis.
State Medicaid plans would no longer have to cover some Obamacare-mandated essential health benefits, fulfilling a Republican promise to return more control to the states. (Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Leslie Adler)
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Australian rubber-products maker Ansell Ltd said on Monday its full-year profit fell 7.2 percent, missing forecasts, hurt by rising raw material costs and one-off charges from the sale of its condom business.
Net profit for the 12 months to June 30 fell to $147.7 million from $159.1 million a year ago. That compares with an estimate of $155.6 million according to 7 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company declared a final dividend of 23.75 cents per share, up from 23.5 cents a year ago. The company reports in U.S. dollars. (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by Chris Reese)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in Parliament as they announce that they have sent the letter to trigger the process of leaving the European Union in London, March 29, 2017. Parliament TV handout via REUTERS
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May called on the rival political parties in Northern Ireland to come together and form a regional government so their voice can be heard in Brexit negotiations.
Northern Ireland politics has been in crisis since Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein pulled out of government in January, sparking a March 2 election that ended the majority that pro-British unionists had enjoyed in the province for almost a century.
Northern Ireland voted 56 to 44 percent to remain in the European Union in last June's referendum but the United Kingdom as a whole voted to leave.
"The best result to ensure the voice of a devolved administration in Northern Ireland can be heard within these negotiations is for the parties to come together and for us to see that strong and devolved government which will provide us with that interlocutor," May told parliament after they triggered the formal Brexit process.
(Reporting by Kate Holton; editing by Stephen Addison)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
* S&P, Dow set for best 1st-qtr since 2013
* Feb U.S. consumer spending up 0.1 pct vs est. 0.2 pct
* FMC jumps on deal with DuPont
* Futures down: Dow 17 pts, S&P 3.5 pts, Nasdaq 3 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 31 U.S. stocks looked set to open slightly lower as investors prepared to lock in gains on what is likely to be Wall Street's strongest first-quarter performance in four years.
A raft of strong economic data and the possibility of fiscal stimulus under President Donald Trump have driven U.S. equities to record highs since their election.
The S&P is on track to gain 5.8 percent and the Dow 4.9 percent for the first quarter ending Friday, their biggest quarterly gains since 2013.
"It's been a decent start to the quarter for stocks, and so far the market has navigated a somewhat uncertain terrain with grace," said Adam Sarhan, chief executive officer at 50 Park Investments in Florida.
"It's perfectly normal on the last day of the quarter and the last day of the month to see some profit taking, especially after a strong run."
Dow e-minis were down 17 points, or 0.08 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 17,746 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were down 3.5 points, or 0.15 percent, with 126,574 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 3 points, or 0.06 percent, on volume of 20,860 contracts.
As stocks continue to soar, investors are looking to the first-quarter earnings season to justify Wall Street's lofty valuations.
The S&P is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data.
However, the improvement also means more interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. New York Fed President William Dudley said on Thursday evening that it was appropriate to tighten monetary policy to reduce the risk of overheating the economy.
On Friday, oil prices fell 0.8 percent after a three-day rally.
A report from the Commerce Department showed U.S. consumer spending barely rose in February, but the biggest annual increase in inflation in nearly five years supported expectations of further interest rate hikes this year.
Shares of DuPont were up 0.6 percent at $82.11 in premarket trading after the company said it would sell its crop protection business to FMC Corp and buy its health and nutrition unit in a deal that will give DuPont about $1.6 billion. FMC's shares jumped 12.6 percent.
U.S.-listed shares of Blackberry were up 5 percent at $7.30 after the company reported fourth-quarter profit above expectations and said it expected to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Reuters Health) - College students in the U.S. who say their campus is welcoming to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people are less likely to be victims of sexual assaults at school, a new study suggests.
The researchers found that students who perceived their campus as an inclusive environment for LGBT people were significantly less likely to be the victims of sexual assault.
"I believe this study provides proof of concept for how environment may influence sexual assault violence," said lead author Robert Coulter, a researcher at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health.
Coulter and colleagues write in the Journal of Interpersonal Violence that sexual assault affects 2 to 15 percent of U.S. undergraduates.
In earlier research, they found that certain groups are more at risk of sexual assault than others. For example, women and transgender people in general are at greater risk of sexual assault than non-transgender men.
To see whether campus environment is tied to the risk of sexual assault, the researchers analyzed survey data collected in 2010 from 1,925 undergraduates who were LGBT or questioning their sexual orientation.
Overall, 5.2 percent reported that they had been sexually assaulted on campus.
The odds of having experienced sexual assault were 27 percent lower for students who reported that LGBT people were welcomed at their campus than for those who felt their campus was less inclusive.
Similarly, people who had not witnessed LGBT-related harassment on campus were 32 percent less likely to report that they'd been sexually assaulted, compared to those who did see such harassment, but this finding could have been due to chance.
The researchers suggest several reasons why a campus environment that's welcoming to LGBT people may be tied to reduced odds of sexual assault.
For one, people on those campuses may feel empowered to stop assaults and ultimately reduce their prevalence. Additionally, LGBT people on those campuses may feel empowered to be more defensive against assaults.
"There are great disparities of sexual assault victimization for LGBT people and we need to find ways to reduce their greater risk," Coulter told Reuters Health.
So far, the researchers write, no programs that aim to prevent sexual assault have been tested among LGBT people.
"I think designing interventions to reduce sexual assault victimization for LGBT people is important," Coulter said.
The researchers point out that this study can't prove that inclusive campus environments cause fewer assaults on LGBT people. People who don't experience sexual assaults may perceive the campus environment differently than those who do, they add.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nsxk5z Journal of Interpersonal Violence, online March 15, 2017.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's Tata Global Beverages Ltd :
* DEC QUARTER GROUP CONSOL NET PROFIT 1.68 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT OF 1.28 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 17.30 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 17.41 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR Source text - bit.ly/2s0BLcj Further company coverage:
April 12 Infotmic Co Ltd
* Says controlling shareholder's 211.7 million shares in the company have been frozen by Guangdong high court until April 9, 2020
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2os8Udc
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
TAIPEI, April 28 Taiwan stocks rose on Friday on data showing the export-driven economy grew for the fourth quarter in a row, but gains were limited ahead of a long weekend. Taiwan reported solid first-quarter economic growth as strong global demand for components for Apple Inc's anticipated new iPhone and other electronic gadgets keep Asia's hi-tech factories humming. As of 0216 GMT, the main TAIEX index was up 0.1 percent at 9,873.50, after closing flat in the previous session. Taiwan's financial markets will be closed on Monday for the Labor Day holiday. Markets will resume trade on Tuesday. The electronics subindex rose 0.4 percent, while the financials subindex fell 0.1 percent. Tech shares rose after Wall Street, with a slew of strong U.S. earnings reports, propelled the Nasdaq to an all-time high. Among actively traded tech shares in Taiwan, Hon Hai Precision , the world's biggest contract electronics maker, was up 0.2 percent, while chipmaker TSMC was 0.3 percent higher. The Taiwan dollar firmed T$0.008 to T$30.148 per U.S. dollar. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
May 2 Royal Bank Of Canada:
* RBC Correspondent Services and Rbc Advisor Services launch new wealth management technology platform Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Rugby Union - New Zealand Training - Swansea University, Wales - 15/10/15 New Zealand's Dane Coles during training Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra
WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand hooker Dane Coles has been ruled out of the Rugby Championship opener against Australia after suffering a head knock in a warmup match on Friday.
Coles had only recently returned to rugby after having a season mired by injury, including concussion symptoms that kept them out of action for around four months.
Their Wellington Hurricanes teammate Ricky Riccitelli had been drafted into the side as cover, the All Blacks said on their Twitter feed on Sunday.
Coles left the field in the warmup game on Friday, where New Zealand played half a game each against provincial sides Taranaki and Counties Manukau.
Coach Steve Hansen said the 30-year-old had been substituted on Friday as a precaution and would be monitored this week but not considered for the Aug. 19 match against the Wallabies in Sydney.
Codie Taylor is expected to step into the starting role they fulfilled during the recent British and Irish Lions series when Coles was still suffering from concussion.
Outside backs Nehe Milner-Skudder and David Havili, who was brought in when Jordie Barrett was ruled out for the rest of the season due to a shoulder injury, were also released.
The pair were expected to rejoin the squad next week in preparation for the second game against the Wallabies in Dunedin on Aug. 26.
OSLO, April 28 Norway's central bank will keep its daily sale of foreign currency unchanged in May, it said on Friday.
The bank will sell foreign exchange equivalent to 850 million Norwegian crowns per day.
In order to make funds available to be spent as part of the government's fiscal budget, Norges Bank exchanges currency earned from the country's oil industry and its sovereign wealth fund into Norwegian crowns.
More details on how and why the central bank trades currency can be seen here: bit.ly/2iIfmLq (Reporting by Oslo newsroom)
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends the France 2 television special prime-time political show, '15min to Convince' in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
General view shows the set at the studios of France 2 televion station ahead of the prime time special political show, '15min to Convince' where the 2017 presidential candidates will appear in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (2ndL), head of the political movement En Marche!, or Onwards!, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a meeting with French CFDT labour union leader Laurent Berger (2ndR) as French economist and public policy expert Jean Pisani-Ferry (L) and Frederic Seve (R), general secretary of Sgen- CFDT, listen at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, arrives on the set at the studios of France 2 television station during the special prime-time political show, '15min to Convince' in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
Nathalie Arthaud, France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere political party (LO) leader and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends the France 2 television special prime-time political show, '15min to Convince' in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends the France 2 television special prime-time political show, '15min to Convince' in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
From L-R, French presidential candidates, Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader, Benoit Hamon, of the Socialist Party, and Francois Fillon, member of the Republicans political party candidate of the French centre-right (R) attend the France 2 television special prime-time political show, '15min to Convince' in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau
The eleven French presidential election candidates take part in a special political television show entitled '15min to Convince' at the studios of French Television channel France 2 in Saint-Cloud, near Paris, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
PARIS Security concerns took centre stage on Friday in the last days of France's tight presidential race as candidates defended their stance on the fight against terror in the wake of a shooting in Paris which killed one police officer.
Voters will cast ballots in the first round on Sunday of what has turned into the most unpredictable French election in memory as the gap between four frontrunners narrows. The two candidates who get the most votes will then face off in a run-off election on May 7.
A shooting on Thursday night on the Champs-Elysees shopping boulevard in central Paris, in which one police officer was killed and two others were wounded, could bring campaigning to a sombre and abrupt end, however.
The shooting unfolded on the world-famous Paris site as presidential contenders were mid-way through back-to-back television appearances to sell their campaign programmes. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, according to the group's Amaq news agency.
Some of the candidates later clashed over whether official campaigning, which has just one more day to run, should be brought to a full stop in light of the incident.
"In this current context, there are no grounds to continue campaigning. We must first show our solidarity with the police," conservative candidate Francois Fillon told the France 2 show, after saying they would cancel a trip to the Alps on Friday.
Fillon, who has sought to reinforce their credentials as a hard-liner on security, added that fighting "Islamist totalitarianism" must be the priority for the next president.
Far-left politician Jean-Luc Melenchon said the candidates should not cave in to violence.
"As we wait for more definite information, I think we need to attend to our duties as citizens: no panic, we shouldn't interrupt our democratic process," Melenchon said.
Pollsters see centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen taking the top two places on Sunday and so going head-to-head in the run-off. That would break the normal rotation of power in France between the centre-left and centre-right.
Macron, a former banker who quit as economy minister last August to set up their independent "En Marche!" ("Onwards!") movement, would beat Le Pen or any other candidate in the run-off, the latest polls show.
But these are so close that gaps between candidates in the first round fall within the margin of error.
Melenchon, propelled from wildcard to genuine contender thanks to feisty television performances and smart social media campaign, is virtually neck-and-neck with Fillon and only a few percentage points behind the frontrunners.
CLOSELY WATCHED OUTCOME
Security fears had already re-emerged in the run-up to a first ballot after an attack thought to have been targeted at some of the candidates was foiled earlier in the week. France has been hit by a series of deadly attacks since 2015.
Le Pen, who has stressed their plans to curb immigration in the last week as they try to rally support, on Thursday night also seized on the latest incident.
"I don't want us to get used to Islamist terrorism," they told France 2. "We have to stop being naive. We can't leave our children a country that is not able to defend them."
Earlier in the evening, Macron also weighed in on the shooting, saying the president's No.1 job was to protect people.
The election will decide the direction of France's 2.2 trillion euro economy, which vies with Britain for the rank of fifth largest in the world. With eurospectics Le Pen and Melenchon in the race, the outcome could have a bearing on France's place in Europe.
A Harris Interactive poll on Thursday showed Macron and Le Pen still in front, with the gap a bit wider than before. The centrist inched ahead to 24.5 percent while Le Pen was a bit weaker at 21 percent.
Fillon - an early favourite before their campaign hit the rocks following nepotism allegations that they have denied - scored 20 percent, meaning they were now gaining on Le Pen. Melenchon was stable on 19 percent.
(Writing by Sarah White and Richard Balmforth; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Aug 14 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
- The number of air passengers arrested for drunken misbehaviour on flights and in airports has risen by 50 percent in the past year, an investigation has found. Two senior peers have pressed UK government to place the aviation industry under the same strict licensing laws as pubs and nightclubs. bit.ly/2vSFdWZ
- One in six care home companies is in danger of insolvency, according to a report from an accountancy firm Moore Stephens. About 420,000 people over the age of 65 are being looked after in Britain's 11,000 residential care homes, including 220,000 of the most vulnerable patients, who are in 4,700 nursing homes. bit.ly/2vSLJgH
The Guardian
- Up to 13,000 landlords in just one London borough have been identified as failing to declare their rental income, prompting estimates that unpaid tax in the capital is costing the public purse nearly 200 million pounds ($260.18 million). bit.ly/2vSVhbe
- British retirees are rushing to settle in European countries such as Spain, Portugal and France before the Brexit deadline, according to financial advisers, believing that such a move will become significantly more difficult in the future. bit.ly/2vSOUEU
The Telegraph
- Companies including NuScale, Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc , and Westinghouse have been summoned by the Government for crunch talks on plans to meet Britain's energy demands with new small reactor technology, amid mounting fears over delays and Whitehall paralysis. They have been asked to present their plans in meetings over the next few weeks. bit.ly/2vSic6K
- Liquidators for BHS have begun legal action against Sir Philip Green's Arcadia retail empire. Papers have been filed in the High Court by lawyers representing SHB Realisations, the holding company for BHS, which is now in the hands of restructuring firm FRP Advisory. bit.ly/2vTfJJk
Sky News
- Rocket Internet SE and Kinnevik AB, two of Europe's leading backers of internet start-ups, will this week announce the sale of Glossybox, a beauty products subscription service to The Hut Group. bit.ly/2vzVkqa
- Brexit position papers to be released this week risk fuelling tension between the British and Irish governments. Ireland's Prime Minister, Leo Varadkar, had urged Theresa May to remain in the customs union to avoid border checks. bit.ly/2vT08t7
The Independent
- British Prime Minister Theresa May is accused of trying to break parliamentary rules in order to ram through controversial law changes after Brexit. The Conservatives are demanding to pack a crucial decision-making committee with their own MPs, despite losing their Commons majority at the election. ind.pn/2vSP27m
- British Prime Minister Theresa May has condemned the violence which erupted in Virginia between white-supremacist groups and counter-protesters, leaving three people dead. In a tweet from the Prime Minister's official Twitter account, May said: "Our thoughts and prayers are with #Charlottesville. The UK stands with the US against racism, hatred and violence." ind.pn/2vSHkKI ($1 = 0.7687 pounds) (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of Germany's Deutsche Bank are seen early evening in Frankfurt, Germany, January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
BERLIN Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) shareholders should not ratify the actions of its top executives and supervisory board members for last year because of the legal uncertainties surrounding the bank, shareholder advisory firm Glass Lewis said on Friday.
Votes to ratify the decisions of company bosses are customary in Germany as a way for shareholders to express their confidence in their leadership, although they do not release individuals from liability for their actions.
While transparency at Germany's biggest bank has improved under CEO John Cryan, the scale and scope of investigations and proceedings in which it has been - and continues to be - involved "may be indicative of widespread governance failures in the company and cast doubt on the performance of the management and supervisory boards," Glass Lewis said in a report.
Many investment funds from the United States and Britain follow the recommendation of advisory firms such as Glass Lewis at shareholder meetings.
Deutsche Bank's annual shareholder meeting is on May 18.
Glass Lewis criticised plans by Deutsche Bank for shareholders to vote on the actions of the executive and supervisory board collectively, rather than permitting ballots on individual members.
"We strongly feel that shareholders are likely to have mixed views on which management board members they can confidently ratify for the past fiscal year," it said.
Glass Lewis' recommendations were first reported by German business newspaper Handelsblatt.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Mark Potter)
* Rand seesaws but ends flat as risk-on fades
* Bourse inches up as Mediclinic closer to clinching Middle East deal (Adds the latest prices, analyst quotes)
JOHANNESBURG, April 28 South Africa's rand was flat late on Friday, moving in a narrow range for most of the local session in low-volume trade ahead of a long weekend as investors closed positions and booked profits, while stocks ended higher lifted by hospital group Mediclinic.
At 1500 GMT the rand had edged 0.04 percent firmer to 13.3575 per dollar, barely moved from its overnight close of 13.3775 overnight in New York.
The rand had started the day on the frontfoot, driven firmer by some profit taking on the recent dollar rally and the European Central Bank's decision to stick to its large-scale bond buying binge, reaching a session best of 13.2300.
The unit then backtracked, however, as global risk-on sentiment faded.
The unit was also barely affected by local data showing the country's trade balance had jumped to a 11.4 billion rand surplus in March on the back of higher exports, led by a 34 percent increase in commodity sales.
The rand briefly dipped below the psychologically crucial 13.00 mark earlier in the week but failed to build on that momentum, slumping to a three-week trough instead as a firming dollar and political uncertainties at home weighed.
"Generally the drivers next week will be external, international developments, especially if we get any further insight on the tax proposals in the U.S.," said Investec economist Kamila Kaplan.
On the bourse, stocks edged higher on the day with Mediclinic International in the spotlight as Abu Dhabi scrapped a 20 percent co-payment requirement for treatment at private facilities.
Shares in Mediclinic, which are substantially tied up in the Middle East takeover of Al Noor in 2015, jumped 13.3 percent to 141.02 rand, their biggest one-day gain in at least two years. City-state Abu Dhabi introduced the measure on its Thiqa insurance programme last July, just after Mediclinic had bought Abu Dhabi private hospital group Al Noor for about $2 billion. "Mediclinic had greater exposure to this reform given a greater focus on Thiqa patients, so it should see a greater benefit, but we await details as to the expected impact at its FY Results on 24 May," brokerage house Jefferies said in a note.
Overall, the benchmark JSE Top 40 index rose 0.19 percent to 47,071 and the broader All-share index added 0.25 percent to 53,817.
In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 fell 2.5 basis point to 8.705 percent. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana and Tiisetso Motsoeneng, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
DUESSELDORF, Germany, March 31 A German higher regional court in Duesseldorf said on Friday it would decide within three months whether to allow retailer Metro to continue with a planned breakup process pending laswuits by shareholders against it.
Metro shareholders overwhelmingly voted last month to back a plan to split off the group's wholesale and hypermarket food business from Media-Saturn, Europe's biggest consumer electronics group.
Four lawsuits by shareholders have been brought against it, among others from Erich Kellerhals, the founder of Media-Saturn who still owns a stake of 22 percent in the business.
(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bulgarian championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Etar 2 Pirin Blagoevgrad 1 Ludogorets 3 Vereya 1 Friday, August 11 Cherno More Varna 1 Slavia Sofia 1 Septemvri Sofia 0 CSKA-Sofia 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Cherno More Varna 5 3 2 0 8 2 11 2 Ludogorets 4 3 1 0 8 3 10 3 CSKA-Sofia 5 3 1 1 12 5 10 4 Vereya 5 2 1 2 4 7 7 5 Beroe Stara Zagora 4 1 3 0 6 3 6 6 Etar 5 1 2 2 4 5 5 ------------------------- 7 Lokomotiv Plovdiv 4 1 2 1 3 5 5 8 Dunav Ruse 4 1 2 1 3 2 5 9 Slavia Sofia 5 1 2 2 7 9 5 10 Pirin Blagoevgrad 5 1 2 2 4 5 5 11 Levski Sofia 3 1 1 1 2 2 4 12 Botev Plovdiv 3 1 0 2 5 9 3 13 Septemvri Sofia 4 1 0 3 1 5 3 14 Vitosha Bistritsa 4 0 1 3 3 8 1 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Beroe Stara Zagora v Botev Plovdiv (1545) Levski Sofia v Dunav Ruse (1800) Monday, August 14 Lokomotiv Plovdiv v Vitosha Bistritsa (1730)
(Adds details)
CAIRO, April 5 Egypt's Naeem Holding on Wednesday started a private placement for a real estate fund worth 1 billion Egyptian pounds ($56 million), the company's chief executive officer Yousef Al Far said at a news conference.
The placement will take place over one month and will be followed by an initial public offering for the fund before the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, due to start at the end of May.
Al Far said the fund's duration was three years and it was expected to make a profit of at least 26 percent a year.
The minimum investment for the private placement is 10 million pounds and for the public offering 50,000 pounds.
The firm also plans to launch another real estate fund before the end of the year, Al Far said.
($1 = 17.9500 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Asma Alsharif; Editing by Jane Merriman and Mark Potter)
FILE PHOTO - The ticker and trading information for Blackstone Group is displayed at the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), the largest manager of private equity and real estate assets, reported a bigger-than-expected jump in quarterly earnings on Thursday after the Wall Street rally helped it realize record proceeds from sales of its holdings.
Stock prices rose on hopes of policy changes under the new administration of U.S. President Donald Trump. Blackstone co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Stephen Schwarzman is an economic adviser to Trump and chairs their strategic and policy forum.
"I don't know what the Trump administration policies really are, or what will happen in Washington," Blackstone President Tony James told reporters on a conference call. "We are seeing some benefits from the greater confidence the business community has."
Blackstone said the sale of assets for top dollar allowed it to pay its second-highest quarterly dividend ever at 87 cents per common unit.
Economic net income per share, which reflects the mark-to-market valuation of Blackstone's portfolio, more than doubled to 82 cents from 31 cents a year earlier.
This surpassed the analysts' average estimate of 68 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"Greater than forecast performance fees drove the beat," Jefferies LLC analysts wrote in a research note.
Blackstone shares were up 1.4 percent at $30.47 in the early afternoon.
Distributable earnings, which show actual cash available to pay dividends, rose 212 percent to $1.23 billion in the first quarter.
Blackstone's private equity business showed the most growth in economic net income at 291 percent, and its buyout funds appreciated 6.9 percent.
The real estate business posted an 86 percent rise in economic net income, with a 5.7 percent appreciation for its "opportunistic" real estate funds.
Economic net income increased 263 percent at Blackstone's credit business and 217 percent for its hedge fund of funds.
During the quarter, Blackstone divested its 25 percent stake in hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT.N) and took Invitation Homes Inc (INVH.N) public for $1.8 billion in the second-largest initial public offering a real estate investment trust.
Assets under management were up 7 percent at $368.2 billion on March 31 from a year earlier. Fee-earning assets under management rose 15 percent to $280.2 billion.
(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Alden Bentley and Lisa Von Ahn)
: In an insolent remark, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday, called the US ambassador to Israel a “son of a dog”.He labeled Trump's ambassador David Friedman as a “son of a dog” because of their support for Israeli settlers in the occupied West Bank.In an angry attack on the White House and its policies, Abbas reportedly said that the US ambassador in Tel Aviv is a “settler and a son of a dog."It was in December when White House recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital that the ties between Palestine government and Trump's US administration embittered.Abbas was speaking at a Palestinian leadership gathering where they accused David Friedman of defending Israeli settlers in the West Bank by saying that they were building on “their land”.The recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital in December had irked Palestinian government and Friedman had strongly supported Trump's decision for the same.Trump's announcement on Jerusalem was in favour of the Israeli government, but it infuriated the Palestinians, who have staged regular protests since thenIt is pertinent to note that Israel holds Jerusalem as its indivisible capital but the Palestinians want that it to be the capital of a future Palestinian state.
LONDON, April 10 A court approved a deal on Monday between Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, and the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) to settle a probe over a 2014 accounting fraud.
Court approval of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA), first detailed on March 28, means Tesco will pay a 129 million pounds ($160 million) fine and the SFO's full costs.
The DPA relates to false accounting by Tesco's UK business, Tesco Stores Limited, between February and September 2014.
The scandal sparked the biggest crisis in Tesco's near 100-year history.
The DPA only relates to the potential criminal liability of Tesco Stores Ltd, and does not address whether liability of any sort attaches to Tesco plc or any employee or former employee of Tesco plc or Tesco Stores Ltd. ($1 = 0.8072 pounds) (Reporting by James Davey, editing by Paul Sandle and Susan Thomas)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
This has been a year dominated by women speaking out and fighting back. The Financial Times spotlight those who have made waves this year, from prime ministers (including New Zealander Jacinda Ardern) to World Cup winners, novelists to warriors in the war against discrimination.
In a piece for the Times, Ardern, 37, discusses the need for more women in politics.
“In 1 August 2017, I became the New Zealand Labour party's second female leader,” Ardern writes. “A few months later, and I was the third woman to have had the privilege of being prime minister. The short time frame between these two events was always likely to cause some interest. But the day when a female leader becomes so commonplace that it doesn't merit comment – that will be the day when everything really will have changed.
“We can all name a role model, a woman who has forged a path. But we can never assume that a path that is cleared remains that way – that everything from this point becomes automatically easier for those that follow. I'm one of only 12 women who are current heads of government. That's fewer than 7 per cent of all world leaders.
“Only about 23 per cent of national parliamentarians are women. We must have stronger female representation to drive solutions to those issues that are having a dramatic and devastating impact on people, particularly millions of young girls and women. I'm talking about poverty, lack of education, reproductive health, gender equality, pay equity, violence and climate change, to name just some.
“Stronger empowerment of women in the democratic process and government is vital. It is not good enough to simply be heard. Women must be at the decision-making table in good numbers.
“My hope for 2018 is that across the world we continue to make progress, so that all women and young girls can learn, prosper and grow, and live with dignity, equality and basic human rights. But hope alone isn't acceptable or any answer, nor is carving a path that is left to grow over. There is no room for complacency. I feel a huge sense of responsibility for that, not only at home in New Zealand but as a female leader in the world today.”
Original article by Jacinda Ardern, Financial Times, December 7, 2017.
* S&P 500 index sees the biggest percentage drop since Sept 2016
* All 3 major U.S. stock indexes see the worst week in 2 yrs
* U.S. jobs reports beats estimates, wage growth best since 2009
* Bond yields rise on Fed rate hike expectations
* VIX volatility index hits the highest level since November 2016
* Indexes lower: Dow Jones 2.54 pct, S&P 500 2.12 pct, Nasdaq 1.96 pct (Updates after market close)
By Stephen Culp
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Worries about the impact of a tightening job market on the prospects for inflation and a surge in bond yields sent investors fleeing equities on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrials Average swooning almost 666 points, for its biggest daily percentage loss in twenty months.
It was the biggest daily point fall in the Dow in more than nine years.
With Friday's rout, Wall Street's three major indexes logged their biggest weekly losses in two years, after closing at record highs the previous week. The S&P 500 and Dow saw their worst weeks since early January 2016 while Nasdaq had its worst week since early Feb 2016.
“People are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks,” said Chuck Carlson, Chief Executive Officer At Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana.
Overnight stock price losses accelerated after the U.S. Labor Department reported employment grew more than expected in January with the biggest wage gain in more than 8-1/2 years. The picture of workers commanding higher salaries fueled expectations that inflation is on the rise, which could prompt the Federal Reserve to take a more aggressive approach to rate hikes this year.
That caused the 10-year Treasury yield to surge to 2.8450 percent the highest since Jan. 2014, which could make returns on Treasuries look more attractive relative to stocks.
But market players are not convinced that the bull market in stocks that that saw the S&P 500 rise 5.6 percent in January is over. In fact many say a pull back was overdue.
“You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates, greater inflation story, and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now,” said Carlson.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 percent, to 25,520.96, the S&P 500 lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 percent, to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 percent, to 7,240.95.
All 11 major sectors of the S&P 500 closed down. Technology weighed the heaviest, with Microsoft pulling the sector down 3.0 percent.
The CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed barometer of expected near-term volatility for the S&P 500 Index rose more than four points to 17.86, its highest since November 2016. VIX options trading volume hit a record high.
Analysts now see fourth-quarter earnings growth of 13.6 percent for the S&P 500, up from 12 percent on January 1. Half of the index's companies have reported, 78 percent of which beat Street expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp shares were down 5.1 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively, after the oil companies posted lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit.
Alphabet fell 5.3 percent after the Google parent's fourth-quarter profit came in below consensus on increased spending.
Apple shares were off by 4.3 percent as investors worried about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of scaled back iPhone X production.
Amazon.com was a bright spot, up 2.9 percent as Wall Street analysts quickly upped their price targets following the online retailer's impressive earnings report.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 7.70-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 3.90-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 48 new highs and 103 new lows.
Volume on U.S. exchanges was 5.39 billion shares, compared to the 7.33 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 New Mountain Finance Corp
* New Mountain Finance - As of April 3, expect that net investment income per share was between $0.33 and $0.34 for three months ended March 31, 2017
* New Mountain Finance - As of April 3, 2017, estimate that net asset value per share as of March 31, 2017 was approximately $13.50 to $13.60 Source text: [bit.ly/2ouRfTf] Further company coverage:
April 12 Invigor Group Ltd:
* Invigor signs partnership with vmo to digitise manly wharf
* under agreement, six digital screens will be installed within manly wharf precinct, including two large format screens
* Invigor establishes three-year partnership with digital-out-of-home advertising VMO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dell Technologies Inc said on Friday it is evaluating a potential public offering of its common stock or a potential business combination between the U.S. computer maker and business software provider VMware Inc.
"The potential business opportunities currently being evaluated by Dell Technologies do not include the sale to a third party of Dell Technologies or VMware," Dell said in a filing. (bit.ly/2DV54Tk)
Dell, the world's largest privately held technology company, has been under pressure to boost its profitability and is seeking new avenues for growth after the debt-laden EMC deal failed to deliver performance it projected.
The company said in the filing there can be no assurance that any potential business opportunity will be pursued.
VMware's shares were up nearly 2 percent.
“We are not in a position to speculate on the outcome of Dell's evaluation of potential business opportunities,” VMware Chief Executive Pat Gelsinger said in a statement.
Dell plans to review a possible reverse merger with VMware, as well as other alternatives, including an initial public offering or asset divestitures, Reuters reported on Thursday, citing sources familiar with the matter.
Dell delisted from the Nasdaq five years ago amid a struggling PC market when private equity firm Silver Lake helped founder Michael Dell's $24.9 billion deal in 2013 to take the company private.
The Round Rock, Texas-based company bought data storage provider EMC Corp for $67 billion in 2016, but since then costs and a challenging data storage market have eroded its margins. (Reporting by Sonam Rai in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
* HONG KONG GOVERNMENT PUBLISHES THE ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND COUNTER-TERRORIST FINANCING (AMENDMENT) ORDINANCE 2018 AND THE COMPANIES (AMENDMENT) ORDINANCE 2018 IN THE GAZETTE ON FEB 2
* HONG KONG GOVERNMENT SAYS THE AMENDMENT IS AN EFFORT TO ENHANCE HONG KONG‘S REGULATORY REGIME FOR COMBATING MONEY LAUNDERING AND TERRORIST FINANCING
* HONG KONG GOVERNMENT SAYS THE AMENDMENT WILL COMMENCE OPERATION ON MARCH 1, 2018 Source text in English: bit.ly/2DVCwFd (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 20 Inpixon
* Inpixon - on April 19, co entered into exchange agreement with Hillair Capital Investments LP in connection with interest payment due on May 9, 2017
* Inpixon - agreement pursuant to co's 8% original issue discount senior secured convertible debenture in principal amount of $5.7 million held by note holder
* Inpixon - In relation with agreement, solely in respect of interest payment in amount of $343,267 due on May 9, under debenture co, note holder made certain changes Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2oNXC2X) Further company coverage:
BOGOTA, April 28 Colombia's central bank is likely to cut the key interest rate by a quarter-percentage-point for a third consecutive month at its meeting on Friday, with some policymakers perhaps seeking a bigger cut to bolster economic growth as inflation expectations fall.
The board, which this month will comprise six instead of the usual seven members, will likely reduce borrowing costs to 6.75 percent, meeting expectations of 17 out of 21 analysts in a Reuters survey last week. The remaining four polled expect a half point reduction.
"There are a couple of important things that have happened in recent days. There has been a sharp drop in market inflation expectations measured through public debt and the issue of economic activity" said Camilo Perez, chief economist at Banco de Bogota, referring to weak industrial and retail data.
"This combination of indicators could require a greater monetary expansion, although it should not be forgotten that inflation remains above target," said Perez, who changed their forecast to a half-point cut from a quarter point last week.
In a split vote in March, four policymakers called for the 25 basis-point reduction, while one wanted a bigger boost to the economy with a 50 basis-point cut and another voted to hold the rate at 7.25 percent to assure inflation is "under control."
Board member Adolfo Meisel on April 18 said that a 50 basis points cut could be "feasible".
Policymakers hope that lowering borrowing costs will help Latin America's fourth-largest economy pick up speed as factories trim output and Colombians hold back on purchases of big ticket items.
And as inflation heads lower - from a high of almost 9 percent in July 2016 - board members have enough space to relax their position, analysts say.
But despite the decrease, to an annual 4.69 percent in March, consumer price expectations are still above the long-term target of 2 percent to 4 percent. Last month's split vote indicates there is unlikely to be a unanimous decision in the near future.
Only six out of the usual seven policymakers attended the meeting as new board member Jose Antonio Ocampo will take up their post in May. (Reporting by Helen Murphy)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HONG KONG/BEIJING Didi Chuxing, China's top ride-hailing firm, is set to become the country's second-most valuable privately owned company, with a valuation of more than $50 billion, through a fund raising round of up to $6 billion, sources said on Thursday.
The valuation represents a jump from Didi's $34 billion price tag in August, when it agreed to acquire Uber Technology Inc's China business, and also puts it closer to the U.S. firm's $68 billion.
It also propels Didi well above Xiaomi Inc, which held the title of China's most valuable startup after a 2014 funding round valued the smartphone maker at $46 billion.
Ant Financial, China's most valuable private internet finance firm and an affiliate of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, is valued upwards of $60 billion.
The funding round has drawn investors including Japan's Softbank Group Corp, private equity firm Silver Lake, China Merchants Bank and Bank of Communications, two people familiar with the matter said.
They declined to be identified because they are not authorized to speak publicly. Didi Chuxing, Silver Lake and Softbank declined to comment, while China Merchants Bank and Bank of Communications did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The people said that part of the latest capital investment in Didi would be used for international expansion. Didi has sealed several overseas partnerships, focusing on intelligent driving, such as making use of artificial intelligence, as well as similar ride-hailing services.
The firm is ramping up overseas activity as regulatory changes are set to take a toll on their local service. Draft rules released in October would slash the number of eligible drivers and double fares for users in major cities, the company has said.
Since Uber exited the Chinese market last year following a drawn-out rivalry with Didi, the Chinese firm has sought to expand in Latin America, leading a $100 million investment in Brazilian ride-hailing service 99 in January.
Last month it officially opened a lab researching artificial intelligence-related driving technologies in Silicon Valley in the United States. The company has previously entered a range of strategic agreements with U.S. tech firms including Lyft, TripAdvisor Inc and Udacity.
(This story has been corrected to change Silver Lake Partners to Silver Lake in fifth paragraph)
(Reporting by Julie Zhu and Cate Cadell; writing by Kim Miyoung; editing by Stephen Coates and Neil Fullick)
* Trudeau says they told Trump of disruption from ending NAFTA
* Mexico says conditions exist for a good outcome for all
* Trump says if they can't get "fair" deal, he'd kill NAFTA
By Ayesha Rascoe and David Lawder
WASHINGTON, April 27 President Donald Trump said on Thursday they pulled back from the brink of killing the 23-year-old trade pact with Canada and Mexico after requests from their leaders and expressed optimism about winning better U.S. terms in a renegotiated deal.
Trump, during a White House appearance with Argentine President Mauricio Macri, said terminating the North American Free Trade Agreement, a pact they have long condemned as unfair to the United States, "would be a pretty big shock to the system," though they had been planning to do so within two or three days.
Hours after White House officials disclosed on Wednesday that Trump and their advisers had been considering an executive order to withdraw from NAFTA, they said they received telephone calls from Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"They asked me to renegotiate. I will," Trump said. "And I think we'll be successful in the renegotiation, which frankly would be good because it would be simpler" than killing NAFTA.
Trudeau said they had warned Trump of the disruption that pulling out of NAFTA would cause. Mexico's foreign minister said a good outcome for all three countries was possible under a new accord.
News of the possible U.S. pullout from NAFTA rattled financial markets on Wednesday. Relative calm returned on Thursday after Trump's comments, and the Mexican peso strengthened 0.86 percent against the U.S. dollar while the Canadian dollar was flat versus the greenback.
Mexico, Canada and the United States form one of the world's biggest trading blocs, and trade disruptions among them could adversely affect agricultural, automotive, energy and other sectors in all three countries. NAFTA erased most trade and tariff barriers between the neighbors, but Trump and other critics have blamed it for deep U.S. job cuts.
Trump campaigned for president last year on a pledge to pull out of NAFTA if they could not renegotiate better terms. The United States went from running a small goods trade surplus with Mexico in the early 1990s to a $63-billion deficit in 2016. On Thursday they said NAFTA had been "horrible" for the United States but very good for Canada and Mexico.
"If I'm unable to make a fair deal ... for the United States, meaning a fair deal for our workers and our companies, I will terminate NAFTA. But we're going to give renegotiation a good strong show," Trump said.
'GET TO WORK'
Trudeau, speaking at a news conference in Saskatchewan, said they had urged Trump not to withdraw from the trade pact and warned that doing so "would cause a lot of short- and medium-term pain."
"That's not something that either one of us would want, so we agreed that we could sit down and get to work on looking at ways to improve NAFTA," Trudeau said.
Canada sends 75 percent of all its exports to the United States. On Tuesday, Trump said they did not fear a trade war with Canada, a day after their administration moved to impose tariffs on Canadian lumber.
In Mexico City, Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said Pena Nieto had called Trump on Wednesday and spoke with them for about 20 minutes in a conversation focused exclusively on the looming talks over NAFTA's "renegotiation and modernization."
Trump has accused Mexico of luring away American factories and jobs with cheap labor and other advantages enabled by NAFTA. During the presidential campaign they accused Mexico of sending rapists and criminals into the United States, and as president plans a U.S.-Mexico border wall.
"I believe that all the conditions to reach a good negotiation exist, that will suit Mexico ... and that is also good for the region, for both Canada and the United States," Videgaray told local broadcaster Televisa.
Trump's scorn toward multinational trade deals, part of their nationalist political message, appeals to Americans who feel such pacts have cost Americans jobs. They have said businesses that choose to move plants outside the country would pay a price.
Trump made pulling out of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, negotiated by their Democratic predecessor Barack Obama, one of their first major acts after becoming president in January.
Some agriculture lobby groups in Washington were told U.S Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, confirmed by the Senate on Monday, met with Trump on Wednesday evening to dissuade them from withdrawing from NAFTA.
American Soybean Association President Ron Moore said, "When you're talking about $3 billion in soybean exports a year, any threats to withdraw from agreements and walk away from markets makes farmers extremely nervous."
Formal NAFTA talks likely will not get started until August. The U.S. Trade Representative's office must first send Congress a notice that starts a 90-day consultation period preceding any negotiations. A USTR spokesperson said the notice would not be sent until the Senate confirms Trump's nominee for trade representative, Robert Lighthizer.
(Additional reporting by Susan Heavey and Mohammad Zargham in Washington, Veronica Gomez and David Alire Garcia in Mexico City, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, and P.J. Huffstutter and Mark Weinraub; Writing by Will Dunham; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Tom Brown)
May 3 Ballantyne Strong Inc:
* Ballantyne Strong Inc- on April 27 subsidiary entered into a five-year term loan facility for an aggregate amount of $2.0 million - SEC filing
* Ballantyne Strong Inc- term loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.50% per annum and matures on May 10, 2022 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- United Airlines struggled on Wednesday to respond to a third day of public outrage over widely shared videos of a passenger being dragged off an airplane, offering a refund to every passenger on the flight and promising to no longer have the police remove passengers from planes that are too full. nyti.ms/2o8SfIb
- Bill O'Reilly left Fox News this week for a long-planned vacation to Italy and the Vatican, with their fate in the hands of a Murdoch family calculating the risks and rewards of keeping them on or forcing them out of the network. nyti.ms/2o94MLw
- The Daily Mail apologized to Melania Trump on Wednesday and agreed to pay damages to settle two lawsuits they had filed over an article last year asserting that the professional modeling agency they worked for in the 1990s had also been an escort service. nyti.ms/2o8Vq2z
- The accounting firm KPMG has fired six employees, including the head of its audit practice in the United States, after it learned they were given improper warnings ahead of planned audit inspections by its regulator, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. nyti.ms/2o95xUT (Compiled by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru)
The 14th Central PA Handbell Festival will take place on Saturday, March 10th, 2018 at Lebanon Area Evangelical Free Church, 600 Shepherd St., Jonestown, PA. Eighteen bell choirs from Pennsylvania and New Jersey will ring under the direction of Dr. Kimberlee Strepka.
>Dr. Strepka has been teaching music for more than twenty-five years, and has been pioneering Laban-based handbell instruction since 2000.  They are the author of Handbell Artistry from the Inside Out: Laban Movement Theory for the Handbell Musician, a text that has been praised by college professors as a long-missing resource for handbells in academia.
The 3:30pm public concert will debut Michael Joy's “Festivity on Cwm Rhondda” (Guide Me, O, Thou Great Jehovah) commissioned by the Festival in memory of Dr. William L. Nash III and feature solos and soloist. A good will offer will be received. For more information about the Concert and/or Festival please contact Jeff Clouser, Festival Coordinator at centralpahandbellfestival@gmail.com. The Central PA Handbell Festival is sponsored/endorsed by Handbell Musicians of America, Inc. dedicated to uniting people through the musical art of handbell and handchime ringing.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma greets supporters during a rally following the launch of a social housing project in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Rogan Ward
REFILE - CLARIFYING CAPTION South Africa's President Jacob Zuma reacts during the launch of a social housing project in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Rogan Ward
PIETERMARITZBURG, South Africa Singing and dancing with hundreds of supporters in their Zulu heartland, South African President Jacob Zuma didn't look like a man facing the biggest challenge to their leadership since they came to power nearly a decade ago.
Zuma drew unprecedented criticism from the top echelons of the African National Congress last week when they fired respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan and other cabinet members in favour of loyalists, opening a division in the party that has ruled since the end of white-minority rule in 1994.
In a gamble that could split the party further, Zuma is now expected to start seeking support from the ANC grassroots for their chosen successor to be picked at a national conference in December. Zuma is expected to endorse their former wife, ANC politician Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma.
The two rival factions that have emerged in the ANC since Gordhan's dismissal are now focused on winning the vote at that conference, party sources told Reuters.
Crowds chanted Zuma's name on Saturday after they unveiled a new housing project in a poor suburb of Pietermaritzburg.
Voters in places like this want basic services, and feel disconnected from investors and politicians who condemned the removal of intellectual technocrats like Gordhan.
"There was no mistake. All the president did was give another minister a chance," said Lindokahle Mbele, a 29-year-old construction worker who supports Zuma.
"The president is saying they will address youth issues. What people need is housing and assistance at school. Black people didn't receive assistance. I think now they will get help."
As they seek party and public backing, Zuma and their new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba have promised "radical socio-economic transformation".
Few details have emerged but it is expected to include pledges to redistribute land and wealth to poorer black South Africans who are frustrated by the racial inequality that persists 23 years after the end of apartheid.
It will be difficult, however, to implement reforms in a divided ANC and with the economy expected to take a hit after Zuma's cabinet reshuffle unsettled investors.
"What 'radical transformation' entails is still unclear to many outsiders," said Jeffrey Schultz, economist at BNP Paribas.
ZUMA'S SUCCESSOR
The rand has fallen six percent in the last week. Credit ratings agencies, who liked Gordhan, are expected to downgrade South Africa to "junk" status soon.
Zuma faces a difficult period, with protests against them planned in cities this week and a possible vote of no confidence in parliament.
They were meeting with the highest layer of the ANC, known as the "Top Six", on Monday for what were expected to be heated talks. Three of the six, Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, Secretary-General Gwede Mantashe and Treasury-General Zweli Mkhize, all openly criticised Zuma for sacking Gordhan.
Most analysts expect Zuma to survive until the December conference when their second term as ANC leader ends.  They are due to remain national president until 2019.
Zuma's priority is to ensure their chosen candidate succeeds them as party leader so they can complete their presidential term and avoid scrutiny over corruption charges their opponents would like reinstated, ANC sources told Reuters.
Zuma's faction would back former African Union Chairwoman Dlamini-Zuma, while a rival section of the party will likely support Ramaphosa, a trade unionist turned business tycoon.
"He is trying to set the stage to anoint their successor," political analyst Prince Mashele said.
The December vote will involve thousands of ANC members. At least 90 percent of them will come from ANC branches where Zuma is strong.
Removing Gordhan was popular with parts of Zuma's faction, who say the finance minister was too cosy with investors they associate with white elites who control much of the country's wealth.
Zuma was praised by the ANC Youth and Women's Leagues, both important in rallying support among outlying party branches. Many of the incoming ministers have strong local constituencies.
"MASTER OF REGIONS"
Zuma, a prisoner with Nelson Mandela on Robben Island, is mocked in parliament for their bumbling English but they have a 'man of the people' appeal. They can rouse crowds when they speak in Zulu and leads traditional song-and-dance.
"Zuma is a bread-and-butter politician," Dougie Oakes wrote in the Sunday Tribune, a popular newspaper in Kwa-Zulu Natal.
"While their foes argue about their suitability to be president, their team of loyalists have been busy, quietly wrapping up their support in the regions."
Zuma will face a strong internal fight ahead of the December conference with opponents likely to remind ANC branches of the personal scandals that contributed to the party achieving its worst ever local election results last year.
The Constitutional Court last year ordered Zuma to repay nearly $580,000 in inappropriate state spending on their country estate.
Zuma's opponents say they sacked Gordhan to take control of the treasury so they can use state funds to grease an ANC patronage system that will secure votes for their successor.
Zuma justified sacking Gordhan to the "Top Six" with an intelligence report that claimed the finance minister was colluding with Western banks to bring down the economy.
Gordhan described it as "absolute nonsense" and Ramaphosa also dismissed it.
The anti-Zuma section of the party will be watching the economic impact of the cabinet shake-up and proposed reforms.
If ratings downgrades and loose fiscal policy push up inflation and unemployment, even Zuma's supporters in the ANC may fear losing their constituencies.
"This is their second term. The unemployment rate is still rising," said Andile Memela, an unemployed youth who lives in a Zuma stronghold in Kwa-Zulu Natal. "I think it's time for them to step down as president."
(Additional reporting by Siyabonga Sishi; Writing by Joe Brock; Editing by Giles Elgood)
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia's anti-corruption commission said on Saturday the death of a witness in a graft investigation implicating dozens of politicians will not derail its probe.
The Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) has already named the parliamentary Speaker, Setya Novanto, as a suspect in the investigation that targets at least 37 people.
Novanto has denied any wrongdoing in the case which dates back to 2009, and centres on allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million - money generated by marking up the costs of a national electronic ID card program - were divided up in a room in parliament.
The witness, Yohanes Marliem, was reported by U.S. media to have died in West Hollywood on Thursday after a standoff with police involving several hostages.
Indonesia's National Police international relations chief Saiful Maltha told Reuters on Saturday that the U.S. authorities had confirmed Marliem's death.
"We do not know the cause of the death yet," Maltha said, adding that their team was working with the FBI.
Despite the death of the witness, KPK spokesperson Febry Diansyah said the investigation would go on.
"We are confident with the evidence we have," Diansyah told Reuters on Saturday.
Indonesian domestic newspaper Kontan on Saturday published recent quotes from Marliam saying they had feared for their safety.
Novanto, the Speaker of the House of Representatives (DPR) and chairperson of Indonesia's second-biggest political party, Golkar, was named as a suspect in the case last month.
Tensions between the KPK and parliament have festered for years and some members have suggested political motives are behind the probe.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
NEW YORK, April 6 Renaud Laplanche, who abruptly stepped down as chief executive officer of LendingCLub Corp in May, has launched a new online lender called Upgrade, the company said on Thursday.
San Francisco-based Upgrade has raised $60 million in equity and convertible notes from a large group of U.S. investors including Union Square Ventures, Ribbit Capital, Vy Capital and Silicon Valley Bank, the startup said.
It said investors also included large Chinese lender CreditEase and Noah Holdings, an investment management firm.
Laplanche, who founded and took LendingClub public, sent shockwaves through the emerging online lending industry with their resignation last year, after the company acknowledged a series of loan malpractices.
LendingClub, which runs a website where consumers can apply for loans funded by individual or institutional investors, said it had altered documentation when selling $22 million in loans to Jefferies Group. The loans were later repurchased by the online lender.
An internal probe also revealed that Laplanche and their family had taken out 32 loans on the platform in December 2009 to boost the company's volumes just four months prior to closing a round of venture capital funding.
Laplanche is now making their comeback with the support of LendingClub's venture capital backer Union Square Ventures.
"We are thrilled to be backing Renaud again, after having worked alongside them at Lending Club for many years," said Fred Wilson, managing partner at Union Square Ventures in a statement.
By automating much of the lending process companies like LendingClub, OnDeck Capital Inc and Prosper are able to service borrowers that have become too risky or expensive for banks to lend to from their more constrained balance sheets.
While the sector has continued to expand, growth has softened, in part because of investor concerns regarding the quality of the loans.
Unlike LendingClub, loans originated on Upgrade will only be bought by large asset managers, and not by individual investors.
The loans will be issued by bank Utah-based WebBank and later purchased by Upgrade. The startup will retain a portion of those loans on its balance sheet.
It will also provide borrowers with a series of tools to help them monitor their credit.
Upgrade is being advised on its capital market strategy by Jefferies, which is also expected to participate in loan purchases and help kick off the company's securitization program.
Co-founded in August with Soul Htite, the CEO of Chinese online lender Dianrong, the startup is also backed by Apoletto, FirstMark Capital and Uprising. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Tom Brown)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Brokerage Cowen Group Inc's (COWN.O) shares surged 19 percent on Wednesday after Chinese conglomerate CEFC China said it agreed to acquire a stake of about 20 percent in the U.S. company for $100 million.
The deal, the latest in a series of investments by Chinese firms in U.S. companies, will also give the CEFC the right to appoint three directors to the New York-based company's board.
CEFC's announcement comes a day after U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) said China's Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK) had acquired a 5 percent stake in the company for $1.78 billion.
Privately held CEFC China will also provide Cowen with $175 million in debt financing, the companies said.
"This partnership will accelerate growth in Cowen's core areas of expertise: investment banking, equities, research and investment management," Cowen Chief Executive Peter Cohen said.
CEFC will pay $18 for each Cowen Class A share, representing a 29.5 percent premium to the stock's Tuesday close.
The deal, which is expected to close by third quarter of 2017, will be subject to regulatory and government approvals, the companies said.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
FILE PHOTO: A view of the Morgan Stanley London headquarters at Canary Wharf financial centre in London, Britain June 24, 2016. REUTERS/Russell Boyce/File Photo
Morgan Stanley's (MS.N) chief compliance officer Billy Fenrich is leaving the firm just over a year after being named to the position.
Fenrich will be replaced by Raul Yanes, according to an internal Morgan Stanley memo reviewed by Reuters, which was confirmed by a firm spokesperson.
Fenrich is joining quantitative hedge fund AQR Capital Management as its chief legal officer, according to an AQR spokesperson.
Yanes was most recently a litigation partner at the law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell and had also served in a number of senior positions under president George W. Bush, including staff secretary and assistant to the president and senior counsellor to the attorney general.
Fenrich joined Morgan Stanley's legal department in 2014 from hedge fund PointState Capital. They were named chief compliance officer in 2016, replacing longtime compliance chief Stuart Breslow. They had also worked at Davis Polk.
Compliance officers have become critical figures on Wall Street since the financial crisis, helping to ensure that bankers and traders stay out of trouble and avoid massive fines.
Enforcement actions have bogged down the banking sector, with firms paying $321 billion in fines since the crisis, according to a study from the Boston Consulting Group.
Compliance workers are also needed to help banks navigate the litany of financial regulations put in place over the past several years, although President Donald Trump has pledged to roll back many of these rules.
(Reporting by Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
May 2 Buffalo Wild Wings Inc:
* Buffalo Wild Wings- mailed a letter from its three new independent directors to shareholders in connection with company's upcoming 2017 annual meeting
* Buffalo Wild Wings Inc- urges shareholders to vote "for" each of Buffalo Wild Wings' director nominees
* Buffalo Wild Wings - engaged consulting firm to assist in identifying cost savings opportunities within restaurants and at home office
* Buffalo Wild Wings Inc - expect to achieve $40 to $50 million in annualized cost savings by year-end 2018 and restaurant-level operating margins of 20pct
* Buffalo Wild Wings inc- in process of selling approximately 13pct of our owned restaurant units
* Buffalo Wild Wings Inc - in light of current operating environment, co has slowed pace of opening new domestic, full-sized restaurants Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Next Digital Ltd:
* ‍ TRADING IN SHARES OF CO HALTED AT 9:12 A.M.​ ON FEB 2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd -
* Naturally Splendid signs definitive agreement with Canature to develop hempomega(tm) pet food & treats
* Naturally splendid enterprises - canature will begin work to formulate naturally splendid's proprietary hempomega into canature's existing product lines
* Naturally splendid enterprises ltd - canature will begin research and development on future pet food and treat products
* Naturally splendid enterprises - canature to incorporate hempomega into canature's house brands, potentially, into private label client products as well
* Naturally splendid enterprises - to grant canature exclusive rights for application of hempomega into freeze-dried pet food,treats for term of 2 yrs
* Naturally splendid enterprises ltd - grant of exclusive rights to canature for initial term of two years in defined categories and territories Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Wereldhave Belgium
* Rental income for the first quarter 2017 amounted to € 12.9 million (2016: € 12.3 million)
* For the fiscal year 2016, a gross dividend of € 5.10 (net dividend € 3.57) per share is attributed
* Q1 fair value of investment property portfolio – including development projects – decreases to € 818.7 million (31 dec 2016: € 819.8 million)
* Over 2017 there will be no contribution to the net result from core activities by adding new development projects
* Management company expects for the full year, a net result from core activities slightly below the level of 2016.
* In the first quarter 2017, the shopping centres' epra-occupancy rate slightly decreases to 95.6% (31 december 2016: 95.9%).
* Offices epra-occupancy rate decreased from 90.9% at 31 dec 2016 to 90.6% at 31 March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Verbicom SA:
* Said on Friday that it signed an investment agreement with VIA Polonia SA (VIA Polonia) concerning jointly construction of six residential buildings in Poznan
* The company to buy from VIA Polonia 50 pct shares in Pogodny Skwer Sp. z o.o. for 2.0 million zlotys and shares in and to transfer to Pogodny Skwer Sp. z o.o. rights for property for 5.4 million zlotys ($1.36 million)
* The company also to grant a loan to Pogodny Skwer Sp. z o.o. at amount of 5.4 million zlotys
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9662 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Klondex Mines Ltd:
* KLONDEX REPORTS 2017 PRODUCTION RESULTS AND PROVIDES 2018 GUIDANCE; ANNOUNCES POSTPONEMENT OF INVESTOR DAY
* QTRLY ORE TONS MINED 185,325
* ‍COMPANY EXPECTS TO PRODUCE BETWEEN 186,000 AND 202,000 TOTAL GEOS DURING 2018 AT AN EXPECTED CASH COST OF $675 TO $725 PER GEO SOLD​
* THE COMPANY ANTICIPATES ITS 2018 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES TO BE BETWEEN $48 MILLION AND $56 MILLION‍​
* ‍ANTICIPATED THAT FY2018 PRODUCTION COULD VARY 5,000 TO 10,000 OUNCES BETWEEN HIGHEST AND LOWEST PRODUCING QUARTERS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Geelong software companies Skills Base and Educrowd have joined forces in a move that could help further cement the region's progress towards becoming a major Information Technology hub.
Contact
Steven George
Nick Stanley
***@skills-base.com Steven GeorgeNick Stanley
End
-- Software companies Skills Base and Educrowd have joined forces in a move that could help further cement the region's progress towards becoming a major Information Technology hub.Skills Base was established by Steven George in 2012 and provides web software and a methodology for organisations to track and measure the skills of employees."Skills Base has been providing its subscription service to companies globally for the past 5 years. This partnership will help further expand the product's uptake and usage.", Mr George said."The Skills Base tool and methodology have been refined over the past years with some of the world's largest companies. It's now ready to have that growth accelerated within the mass market, and Educrowd have the vision and capability to help make that possible."Nick Stanley, a successful startup entrepreneur and CEO of Educrowd is optimistic about the prospects of the partnership for Geelong."This partnership has already facilitated the creation of jobs in Geelong in the key technology sector, which is helping further establish the region as an IT hub. We have already employed two people and added a further two contractors to work on this partnership", Mr Stanley said."We have some of the best talent in the world here, and this is a chance to showcase that globally. We selected Skills Base because it's 'best of breed' in its market and has the potential to benefit a lot of organisations"For more information about Skills Base visit https://www.skills- base.com . For more information about Educrowd visit http://www.educrowdhq.com/
May 2 Fidelity National Information Services Inc
* Fis reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.86 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share $0.41 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.82 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue rose 3.4 percent to $2.255 billion
* Says reiterating full year 2017 guidance
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $4.25, revenue view $9.47 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
WELLINGTON, March 31 New Zealand employee confidence dipped in the first three months of 2017, dipping from an eight-year high in the previous quarter as workers worried about job security, a survey showed on Friday.
The Westpac-McDermott Miller employee confidence index fell to 109.9 in the three months to March from 112.7 in the previous quarter.
A reading above 100 indicates more optimists than pessimists.
"Workers have reported that they are feeling a bit less confident about their job security," said Satish Ranchhod, a senior economist at Westpac. (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield, editing by G Crosse)
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. May 2 A Republican, a Democrat and a lobbyist for leading businesses in Florida huddled this spring at the state Capitol, mapping out the next move in a campaign to enact the first statewide LGBT anti-discrimination law in the U.S. South.
A record number of Republican lawmakers had thrown their support behind proposed protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, and hundreds of companies backed the cause.
While the bill has so far fallen short with time running out on the legislative session, its lead backers were heartened by their progress and determined to retool for next year.
"We definitely need to ramp up the grassroots," said Joseph Salzverg, a lobbyist for Florida Competes, a group of more than 450 state businesses supporting LGBT protections. "There are a lot of Republicans that agree with the policy but are worried about the effect it has back home."
A year after transgender bathroom access erupted as a U.S. culture wars flashpoint, Florida is among the conservative statehouses where LGBT activists see momentum building for affirmative legislation.
The nation's third most-populous state, Florida could offer the next breakthrough in a national movement to advance LGBT civil-rights protections, viewed by advocates as stepping stones to their ultimate goal of federal anti-discrimination law.
Only 18 states, mostly concentrated in the U.S. West and Northeast, and the District of Columbia have laws that fully guard against LGBT people being fired from jobs, kicked out of housing or denied services in restaurants, hotels and other businesses. This fight continues even after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in June 2015 that legalized same-sex marriage nationally.
Florida's strategy, years in the making, aims to build bipartisan support with economic arguments and the passage of similar measures locally that show the LGBT protections can succeed. The bill's backers must convince a Republican-controlled state legislature that all of Florida benefits from LGBT protections.
"It's really about the math of being based here in Florida, but competing on a global market," said John "J.T." Tonnison, president of Florida Competes.
Tonnison is chief information officer of Tech Data Corp , a technology distributor. In the state capital of Tallahassee this spring, they told legislators about a prized recruit reluctant to relocate from California, concerned about a gay son visiting a state without strong protections.
"It sets us apart in a less-than-positive light," Tonnison said.
BUILDING BIPARTISAN SUPPORT
Local LGBT protections are now in place in communities representing 60 percent of Florida's more than 20 million residents. In conservative north Florida, the state's largest city, Jacksonville, recently passed a nondiscrimination policy after a fight that lasted years.
Local successes helped convince 19 Republican legislators to join 52 Democrats this year to cosponsor legislation that would add sexual orientation and gender identity to Florida's civil rights statutes, just shy of a majority in the 160-member legislature.
Representative Joe Gruters, an anti-abortion activist who co-chaired President Donald Trump's state campaign, was among the first Republicans to sign on. Perhaps an unlikely LGBT ally, the first-term lawmaker said the case made by advocates, and a prominent conservative colleague's support, resonated with him.
"I will continue to fight for this, and for any type of right, that treats people fairly," Gruters said. "It's going to happen."
By contrast, the Florida Family Policy Council, advocating for conservative social values, decried the legislation as an intrusion on religious freedoms and public safety by allowing men into women's bathrooms and private facilities.
Such LGBT measures are "weapons to punish Christians for simply acting out their faith in the marketplace," said its president, John Stemberger.
"People are trying to force other people to do things," they added. "Why can't we just disagree?"
But backers see Florida as a model for other states engaged in long-term legislative efforts, including Ohio and Pennsylvania.
"Attracting bipartisan support really proves this isn't an urban versus a rural issue, or a Republican versus Democratic issue," said Dan Rafter, a spokesperson for the advocacy group Freedom for All Americans.
Florida, and most other states, avoided fights this year over transgender bathroom access, possibly dissuaded by the national boycotts organized against North Carolina before its recent roll-back of restrictions enacted in 2016.
Nonetheless, Florida's LGBT protection bill never got a hearing during this session, which will end within days. The legislature's leaders did not comment on what stalled the measure.
Supporters are reorganizing for next year with a more pointed message.
"Inaction is not neutral," said Hannah Willard, public policy director for the advocacy group Equality Florida.
During the strategy meeting last month at the state Capitol, Republican Representative Rene Plasencia proposed mobilizing business supporters to engage legislators in their hometowns.
"We are protecting people's rights to live freely, to not be disadvantaged economically, because of the personal choice of who they love," they said.
Looking over a list of lawmakers not yet on board, the lead Democrat behind the House bill agreed.
"We need to persuade people before they get to Tallahassee," Representative Ben Diamond said. "That's the challenge." (Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Matthew Lewis)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
WASHINGTON, March 31 President Donald Trump has neither a clear White House tax plan nor adequate staff yet to see through a planned tax reform, according to interviews with people in the administration, in Congress and among U.S. tax experts.
In an echo of its attempt to roll back Obamacare that ended in an embarrassing collapse in Congress, the Trump administration has vowed quick action on taxes. But it has yet to appoint people with the skills to evaluate complex tax laws, draft legislation and sell it to deeply divided lawmakers.
Burned by last week's failed healthcare measure largely authored by House of Representatives Republicans, Trump is determined not to count on Congress so much this time for handling the details on taxes, their second major legislative initiative.
But that only underscores their need for a strong White House tax team, which the administration still lacks. Many policy options are still being studied, from deficit-funded tax cuts to a European-style value-added tax.
"They're still sorting out who's in charge, who's going to take the lead," said William Hoagland, a longtime Senate Republican aide who worked on the last successful comprehensive tax reform effort in 1986.
"You need someone who has the ear and support of the president who can sell a tax plan, and you need the technical support for that person,” said Hoagland, now senior vice president at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a think tank.
Financial markets have been reassessing expectations of fast action on taxes that have helped fuel a Trump stocks rally.
Members of Trump's tax team are known, but not their exact duties. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn are senior team leaders. Others include White House advisers Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Trump huddled with Mnuchin on Thursday to discuss taxes.
“We are at the first stages of this process, beginning to engage with members of Congress, policy groups, business leaders, industry, constituents from around the country, and other stakeholders,” White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday, Trump's 69th day in office.
When Trump was elected in November, Republican lawmakers enthusiastically joined their call to rewrite the tax code and dismantle Obamacare in the first 100 days of their presidency.
In early February, Trump promised a "phenomenal" tax plan by early March that never appeared. Mnuchin spoke on Feb. 23 of enacting tax reform by August. Spicer acknowledged this week that the timetable could be slipping.
Another senior White House official said the administration had assumed it would still be working on healthcare at this point, not tax reform yet. The official, not authorized to speak publicly, spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity.
So far, Trump's tax campaign is a far cry from President Ronald Reagan's 1986 effort, in which Don Regan, as Treasury secretary and then White House chief of staff, spent many months developing legislation that won bipartisan support in Congress.
"The process under Reagan was much more developed, elaborate and long, and there was a strong bench of top-rate technicians putting things together," said Steven Rosenthal, senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, a think tank.
Under Trump, they said, "None of that is happening."
'A LOT SIMPLER'
During the 2016 election campaign, Trump issued a tax plan that partly resembled one developed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, but Trump does not now appear wedded to either. It is a safe bet they will not lean heavily on the plan from Ryan, who drafted and championed the ill-fated plan to gut Obamacare.
"Trump now desperately needs a policy victory ... I would expect the president to play a much more activist role,” said Stephen Moore, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a think tank. Moore helped write the Trump campaign tax plan.
Mnuchin last week talked about a middle-class tax cut. They also said tax reform in many ways would be "a lot simpler" than healthcare, dismaying tax experts who said that is not so.
Comprehensive tax reform is so complex that it has defied Congresses and presidents since Reagan. Tax law is riddled with loopholes embedded in the economy and defended by beneficiaries.
Some fundamental questions remain unanswered within the Trump team. For instance, it is unclear if Trump would support a plan that adds to the budget deficit. Past tax reform efforts have tried to be "revenue neutral."
Trump also has sent mixed messages on Ryan's proposed "border adjustment tax" that would end the corporate deduction for import costs and make export income tax-free, aiming to boost exports and raise new tax revenues.
The Trump team is heavy on Wall Street experience, but short on tax expertise. At Treasury, Mnuchin is the only Senate-confirmed political appointee in place. The job of Treasury assistant secretary for tax policy is unfilled.
A person familiar with the hiring process for the job said: "Treasury needs more capable tax expertise ASAP, or the White House will yank total control for tax reform from the department for the rest of the year, maybe beyond."
Mark Mazur, who held the Treasury tax job under former Democratic President Barack Obama, said Mnuchin has too much on their plate to concentrate fully on taxes.
Mnuchin has praised Treasury's 100 tax policy career staff, but they can only offer options to Trump appointees, said Mazur, now director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center.
"The political appointees are the ones who need to turn the crank on the sausage-making machine," Mazur said. (Additional reporting by Jennifer Ablan in New York; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Alistair Bell)
Salad for dinner needs an extra measure of heft and heartiness, if only to stave off the hunger that prompts a late-night refrigerator raid.
Chopping lots of vegetables or topping each portion with grilled chicken or flank steak is the typical way to go, but the right components aren't always at hand and the ratio of protein to greens can make for uneven bites.
Here's one solution: go with lentils. They cook quickly and can insinuate themselves into every corner of your salad. In this recipe, their flavour's bumped up with a superquick pan sauce. But what really gives this dish its main-course cred are roasted russet wedges, which are coated with a spot-on blend of Spanish smoked paprika, salt and dried onion flakes. They'll emerge from the oven hot, crisped at the edges and at about the same time you'll have the lentils and salad tossed and ready to go. The potatoes are surprisingly meaty, and you might like them so much that you'll prepare them this way the next time you need a fast side dish.
You'll be sated and have every right to feel virtuous, as the nutritional analysis for this meal registers in the healthful zone. So maybe a stolen spoonful of ice cream, after kitchen cleanup, would be in order.
May 2 Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc :
* On April 26, 2017, co entered amendment to loan agreement with US Bank, National Association, dated March 29, 2016
* Amendment extends maturity date of revolving credit facility provided under loan agreement to March 27, 2018 - SEC filing Source text - (bit.ly/2pthmcr) Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A former Rutgers University professor whose conviction for sexually assaulting a disabled man was overturned has pleaded guilty to aggravated criminal sexual contact.
Anna Stubblefield entered their plea Monday as part of a deal with Essex County prosecutors in New Jersey. They will recommend they receive a four-year prison term when she's sentenced May 7.
Stubblefield had testified at trial that they and the man were in love. They have cerebral palsy and can't speak, but Stubblefield said they consented to the relationship by communicating on a keyboard.
Prosecutors said Stubblefield used their position to take advantage of the then-29-year-old man.
Advertisement
Stubblefield was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to 12 years in prison. But an appeals court ruled last July that they should get a new trial with a new judge.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO -- The company logo and trading information for BlackRock is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
LONDON Asset manager BlackRock (BLK.N) led peers in Europe with fund sales of 22.1 billion euros ($24.11 billion) during the first-quarter, data from Thomson Reuters Lipper on Tuesday showed.
Amundi (AMUN.PA), with sales of 20.4 billion euros, and JPMorgan (JPM.N), with 12.8 billion euros, rounded out the top three.
Total assets under management in the region rose to 10.6 trillion euros from 9.4 trillion in the prior quarter.
Bond funds were the best-selling across the region, with 71.3 billion euros of sales, the data showed.
(Reporting by Simon Jessop. Editing by Andrew MacAskill)
Roadies extrem pune the gang leaders @princenarula @rannvijaysingha @nikhilchinapa @nehadhupia @vjgaelyn @varunsood12 awesome day #insperation #roadiesextreme
A post shared by 👨Aditya gaikwad (@_aditya_adi_) on Dec 8, 2017 at 1:32am PST
#roadiesextreme #roadiesX6 #puneauditions #1stday #princenarula😘 #rannvijaysingha #nehadhupia #nikhilchinappa @princenarula @rannvijaysingha @nehadhupia @nikhilchinapa
A post shared by Prince Narula😘😘 (@kartik_parekh_prince) on Dec 7, 2017 at 2:03am PST
A post shared by Prince Narula😘😘 (@kartik_parekh_prince) on
A brand-new season... #roadiesxtreme ... let the games begin! @mtv #gangneha
A post shared by Neha Dhupia (@nehadhupia) on Dec 5, 2017 at 11:39pm PST
Rapper Raftaar has been roped in to appear in the upcoming stunt-based reality show MTV "Roadies Xtreme" as a gang leader.Rafaar will be seen as a gang leader alongside actor Neha Dhupia, popular VJ, DJ and TV host Nikhil Chinapa, and actor Prince Narula."I have been watching 'Roadies' for years now and when I was approached by MTV to be a gang leader on the show, I could not resist but say yes," Raftaar said."I have heard that this time around there is a major change in the format of the show where gang leaders will get a taste of what it feels to be a contestant on the show. I am more excited about that. I have always been a huge adrenaline junkie and I cannot wait to kick-start this journey," they added.Rannvijay Singha, who has been a part of the show since a long time, will be seen in a new avatar with the upcoming fifteenth season of "Roadies".
KIEV, April 10 Ukrainian Central Bank Governor Valeria Gontareva confirmed reports of their resignation on Monday, saying they had sent a letter to the president asking to be relieved of their duties by May 10.
Gontareva said there would be no changes to central bank policy in the near future and no other changes to the governing board. They have sent the president several names for possible successors.
"There will also be no changes to central bank policy. Consistency upon the selected path is key to the success of our country and the support of our international partners," Gontareva told a news conference. (Reporting by Natalia Zinets; Writing by Matthias Williams; Editing by Louise Ireland)
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that their notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING (Reuters) - A tornado struck northern China, lashing it with rain, killing five people, injuring more than 50 and destroying homes in a major city in Inner Mongolia, state media said on Saturday.
The tornado hit Chifeng, a city about 650 miles (1,046 km) east of Hohhot, the capital of the autonomous region, on Friday afternoon, the People's Daily newspaper and news agency Xinhua said.
State media showed pictures of collapsed houses and buildings flattened by the storm, which destroyed at least 30 houses in three villages and affected 270 people, the People's Daily said.
The injured were being treated in hospital and authorities have launched relief efforts, Xinhua added.
Inner Mongolia is China's top coal producing region.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is disputing a report that they watch hours of television each day, calling it, "Another false story."
The president is pushing back against a report in The New York Times about their first year in office that mentioned they watch at least four hours of television a day, sometimes twice that amount.
Trump says on Twitter that they "seldom, if ever," watches CNN or MSNBC, "both of which I consider Fake News." The president says they also never watches CNN anchor Don Lemon's show, "CNN Tonight."
The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress.
Advertisement
Trump has repeatedly lodged complaints about mainstream news outlets that they argue have covered their presidency unfairly and inaccurately.
Opposition supporters protest in front of an anti-riot barricade during a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
(L-R) Venezuela's chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega Diaz, Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro and Jorge Rodriguez, mayor of Caracas, attend a meeting at Miraflores Palace in Caracas, Venezuela April 1, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (2nd R) talks to Venezuela's chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega Diaz (2nd L) during a meeting at Miraflores Palace in Caracas, Venezuela April 1, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuelan residents in Argentina and pro-government supporters sing their national anthem while holding signs reading 'Venezuela is not a threat, we are hope,' in Buenos Aires, Argentina April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Freddy Guevara (L), First Vice President of the National Assembly and deputy of the opposition party Popular Will (Voluntad Popular), speaks during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A woman holds a placard that reads 'Release the political prisoners', as Freddy Guevara, First Vice President of the National Assembly and deputy of the opposition party Popular Will (Voluntad Popular), attends a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Freddy Guevara (C), First Vice President of the National Assembly and deputy of the opposition party Popular Will (Voluntad Popular), speaks during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
The lawyer Juan Manuel Rafalli (L) speaks, next to Juan Miguel Matheus, deputy of the opposition party Justice First (Primero Justicia), during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (C) talks to Venezuela's Prosecutor Luisa Ortega Diaz (L) during a meeting at Miraflores Palace in Caracas, Venezuela April 1, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro greets supporters during their weekly broadcast 'Los Domingos con Maduro' (The Sundays with Maduro) in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Juan Miguel Matheus (C), deputy of the opposition party Justice First (Primero Justicia), sits next to the lawyers Juan Manuel Rafalli (L) and Eugenio Hernandez-Breton during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro greets supporters during their weekly broadcast 'Los Domingos con Maduro' (The Sundays with Maduro) in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
The lawyer Juan Manuel Rafalli (2nd L) speaks, next to the deputies of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties (MUD) Eudoro Gonzalez (L) and Juan Miguel Matheus (C), and the lawyers Roman Duque (R) and Eugenio Hernandez-Breton (2nd R), during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS Venezuela's opposition lawmakers said on Sunday they will push for the removal of Supreme Court judges whom they accuse of acting on behalf of the ruling Socialists after the top tribunal briefly assumed control of congress last week.
While the move by the opposition-led congress would only be symbolic because it remains powerless, it could add to pressure on unpopular president Nicolas Maduro as they try to defuse the furor over what critics saw as a lurch into dictatorship.
The Supreme Court's ruling last week that it would take over functions of the National Assembly triggered international condemnation and opposition protests at home.
Even the country's attorney general, a longtime government ally, said the decision was unconstitutional in a rare public rebuke from Maduro's ranks. On Saturday, at the request of the government, the Supreme Court eliminated the offending ruling.
But Maduro opponents said no one should believe that row- back meant democracy had been restored in the nation of 30 million people with the world's largest oil reserves.
"Despite a supposed retraction by the government after creating a coup d'etat, and apart from the clarification by the Supreme Court, the coup persists," lawmaker Juan Matheus said on behalf of the opposition.
"The rupture of the constitutional order continues," they added at a news conference inside the legislative building, flanked by pro-opposition legal and constitutional experts.
Matheus said they will begin proceedings to remove the judges on Tuesday but they did not give further details.
Since the opposition won a majority in congress in late 2015, the court has issued a raft of rulings backing Maduro and overturning most of the assembly's measures, meaning legislators remain effectively powerless.
Maduro, who narrowly won election to replace their late mentor Hugo Chavez in 2013, said any constitutional controversy is over after they convened a special security committee over the weekend that instructed the Supreme Court to rectify the ruling.
"Every country has its problems and resolves them peacefully, constitutionally," they said on their weekly television show, "Sundays With Maduro," adding that the government's resolution of the crisis had been "impeccable."
They have sought to portray themselves as a statesman above a conflict between institutions, but critics said they and the ruling Socialist Party were pulling the strings on judicial bodies stuffed with stalwarts.
Stung by the international outcry, including an unprecedented wave of statements from around Latin America, Maduro alleged they are the victim of a U.S.-led smear campaign intended to lay the groundwork for a coup against him.
"Venezuela demands respect from the entire world in order to continue living in peace. Nobody need get involved in Venezuelan issues," Maduro added.
OAS DEBATES VENEZUELA
Maduro's far more popular predecessor Chavez, who ruled Venezuela from 1999-2013 before dying of cancer, was briefly toppled in a 2002 coup but came back 36 hours later when supporters poured onto the streets and military factions came to their aid.
Critics said it is not only the sidelining of an elected body, but also the jailing of scores of opponents, postponement of local elections last year and thwarting of a referendum on Maduro that evidence Venezuela's democratic erosion.
Socialist Party officials, who were proud of the legitimacy bestowed by constant election wins under Chavez, have detailed their justifications for all those actions, saying opponents have broken the law and used fraud in the 2016 referendum drive.
While attention often focuses on the headline-grabbing polemics between opposition and government, analysts believe any potential near-term change may come instead from ruptures within the administration or a nudge from the powerful military.
Foreign pressure is mounting too.
Under Chavez, Venezuela led a resurgent leftist bloc in Latin America, but shifts to the right in Argentina, Brazil, Peru and Paraguay have changed that dynamic.
The Organization of American States (OAS), whose head Luis Almagro is a hate figure for Maduro's government and wants it suspended from the bloc, was due to meet on Monday to debate Venezuela.
The week's events have seen instability re-emerge on the streets of Venezuela, with pockets of protesters clashing with security forces who have fired teargas several times.
There appears to be little appetite within the opposition for renewed mass rallies which have failed time and time again during the nearly two-decade rule of the socialists.
The opposition's main demand is for the next presidential election, slated for December 2018, to be brought forward.
Maduro, a former bus driver, foreign minister and self-declared "son" of Chavez, was elected with around 50 percent approval ratings, but has seen those plummet during an economic crisis.
Basic foods and medicines are often scarce, inflation is the highest in the world and there are long lines at many shops.
Critics blame a failing socialist system, while the government says its enemies are waging an economic war. The fall in oil prices since mid-2014 has exacerbated the crisis.
(Additional reporting by Diego Ore and Deisy Buitrago; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne and Girish Gupta; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
May 3 Hornbeck Offshore Services Inc
* Hornbeck Offshore announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.87 excluding items
* Q1 loss per share $0.76
* Q1 revenue $44.1 million versus i/b/e/s view $41.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.77 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Aggregate cash operating expenses are projected to be in range of $30.0 million to $35.0 million for q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
SINGAPORE, April 13 Chinese online lender Dianrong.com expects to grow rapidly in the next few years, benefiting from tightening regulation driving a shake-out in the nation's $100 billion-plus peer-to-peer (P2P) industry and pent-up demand for credit and investment.
"The marketplace is growing and the players are less and less. We will take over market share from other small competitors," Kevin Guo, co-founder and co-CEO of Beijing-based Dianrong.com, told Reuters in an interview.
Loan originations at the P2P lender, which is backed by investors including U.S. investment firm Tiger Global and Standard Chartered's private equity unit, more than doubled to 16.2 billion yuan ($2.3 billion) in 2016 from the previous year.
Dianrong.com matches investors with individuals and small and medium-sized businesses in real-time, with loan sizes ranging from 500 yuan to 200,000 yuan for individuals and a maximum of one million yuan for small and medium enterprises.
China's P2P lending industry is fast becoming a source of funds for small businesses overlooked by traditional financial services institutions that prefer big borrowers with better credit history and collateral.
But a series of scandals and failures forced regulators to introduce new measures last year such as setting limits for borrowers and banning P2P firms from providing guarantees for returns to restrain the sector's growth.
"Smaller players cannot meet the requirements from the government, so they will automatically disappear if they are not compliant," said Guo, during a visit to Singapore.
Nearly half of the 4,000-odd online lending platforms in China were "problematic", China's banking regulator said in August when it unveiled the rules.
As at end-March, China had 2,281 P2P platforms in operation with outstanding loans of 920.9 billion yuan, according to industry organization WDZJ.
Dianrong.com is among China's bigger P2P lenders which include Lufax, U.S.-listed Yirendai and PPDAI, companies which have already raised or are in the process of raising funds to fuel their expansion plans.
Kevin said Dianrong.com had completed a new funding round but they declined to give details.
The P2P lender, founded in 2012 by Guo, a former lawyer, and Soul Htite, a co-founder of LendingClub Corp, is looking to grow loan origination by 50 percent annually over the next three to five years. It expects to broker about 30 billion yuan in loans this year.
"We are still a small portion of the total lending business in China. We are more flexible and cover a market that banks never touched before," said Guo, whose firm has 3.7 million lenders and 3,500 staff, including 600 fintech engineers. ($1 = 6.8819 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Anshuman Daga; Additional reporting by Engen Tham in SHANGHAI; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
RABAT, April 20 The Moroccan central bank's initial stage in a programme to liberalise the dirham currency will start in the second half of the year, the bank said in a statement on Wednesday.
The statement came a day after Central Bank Governor Abdellatif Jouahri told Reuters the liberalisation would start in the second quarter of the year.
"Programming for the start of the currency system change has not changed and will begin in the second half of 2017," the bank statement said.
The North African kingdom has been working with the International Monetary Fund on liberalising its currency as its finances have strengthened, helped in part by lower global oil prices that trimmed energy import costs.
Late last year, the government said the first stages of a move to a flexible exchange rate would be implemented in the second half of 2017. On Tuesday Jouahri signalled an earlier start. But they said the duration of each phase would depend on the market conditions.
The dirham's exchange rate is currently tightly controlled via a 60 percent weighting to the euro and 40 percent to the dollar. (Reporting by Patrick Markey; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
- There's no word yet on when former WWE NXT Superstars Zelina Vega and Andrade "Cien" Almas will make their blue brand debuts but WWE began airing "coming soon" vignettes for their arrivals tonight. You can see the first promo above.
- "When Legends Rise" by Godsmack has been announced as the official theme song for Friday's WWE The Greatest Royal Rumble event from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Remember to join us for live coverage here on the site at 11am EST beginning with the Kickoff pre-show.
- As noted, Daniel Bryan vs. Big Cass is now official for the May 6th WWE Backlash pay-per-view after Cass attacked Bryan on tonight's show and left them laying backstage, then took Bryan's spot as a guest on MizTV with The Miz. There was some speculation on tonight's show featuring a big angle to reignite the feud between Miz and Bryan but it looks like they will do a slower build to that match while Bryan feuds with Cass. Miz took to Twitter after SmackDown and taunted Bryan with the following message:
Science proves why a Bloody Mary tastes better on a plane Cornell researchers studying Blooby Marys found that sweetness is suppressed “in noisy situations — like the 85 decibels aboard a jetliner” while the taste of umami-rich foods like tomato juice...
You don't have to be a vampire to enjoy a Bloody Mary Drinking Bloody Marys isn't just a brunch-time pursuit ­— the tomato cocktail is also perfect for Halloween. This year marks the 80th anniversary of the French drink's arrival in the...
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
BRASILIA, March 29 Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Wednesday that Iran had lifted a ban on the import of Brazilian meat imposed following police allegations of corruption in the sector. (Reporting by Stephen Eisenhammer; Editing by Alistair Bell)
FILE PHOTO: Michel Barnier, Chief Negotiator for the Preparation and Conduct of the Negotiations with the United Kingdom under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, holds a news conference at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium December 6, 2016. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo - RTX333GH
VALLETTA The EU's chief negotiator in the talks on Britain's exit from the European Union said on Wednesday that "today is day one of a very difficult road".
Michel Barnier was in Malta on the day British Prime Minister Theresa May was due to formally trigger two years of exit talks under the EU's Article 50 divorce process.
Barnier, who held talks with Maltese prime minister Joseph Muscat, told reporters this was a "key moment" for the EU, and it was important to achieve a "fair agreement" not only on the Brexit issue but also for the long-term future of the EU itself.
Muscat said any deal for Britain had nevertheless to be inferior to membership. They said Malta, which holds the rotating presidency of the council of the European Union, would deliver official guidelines for the Brexit talks to Barnier within 48 hours.
"We will rely on your good judgment. This is a sad day for the EU," Muscat told Barnier.
(Editing by Crispian Balmer and Catherine Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TORONTO — CanniMed Therapeutics is seeking regulatory action in both Saskatchewan and Ontario, the company's latest push back against a hostile takeover attempt by Aurora Cannabis.
The Saskatoon-based medical marijuana producer (TSX:CMED) said Monday it has applied to securities regulators in both provinces for several orders, including that Aurora's hostile offer be considered an "insider bid," and be treated as such.
Among other things, CanniMed is asking regulators to cease Aurora's takeover bid until 105 days after a circular that meets the regulatory requirements of an insider bid.
The announcement was made shortly before the Ontario Securities Commission's scheduled hearing on a related matter brought to it by Aurora, which asked the OSC to block CanniMed's takeover defence, or shareholders rights plan.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya's opposition said on Sunday it had postponed plans to swear in its leader Raila Odinga as an alternative president, easing political tensions and opening a window for possible talks with the government of President Uhuru Kenyatta.
FILE PHOTO - Kenyan opposition leader of the National Super Alliance (NASA) coalition Raila Odinga addresses their supporters in Nairobi, Kenya November 28, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
Opposition coalition NASA had planned to publicly “inaugurate” Odinga at a rally on Tuesday, Kenyan independence day, in what the attorney general said this week would be an act of treason.
Kenyatta was re-elected as Kenya's president with 98 percent of the vote in a repeat election held on Oct. 26 which Odinga boycotted. They had beaten Odinga in the original poll, held in August, which was nullified by the Supreme Court on procedural grounds following opposition allegations of vote-rigging and other malpractices.
NASA said in a statement it would postpone the swearing-in after “consultations and engagement with a wide range of national and international interlocutors”. It did not specifically name any mediators involved in the talks.
The coalition said it would be announcing a new date for the swearing in ceremony and the launch of its People's Assembly “as well as a more vigorous and prolonged resistance”.
The plan to install Odinga as an alternative president had threatened to exacerbate rifts opened by an acrimonious election season that left more than 70 people dead in political violence.
The United States had also urged opposition leaders to work within the law and avoid actions like the proposed “inauguration ceremony.”
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - HNA Group's empire-building puts it on a risky trajectory. The Chinese travel outfit has spent tens of billions of dollars abroad on everything from land and hotels to high finance. These are just opening gambits as HNA seeks to amass trillions of dollars in assets.
In just a couple of years, bold M&A has launched HNA onto the world stage. Investments in aircraft leasing, cargo handling, airline catering, Hilton hotels, and computer wholesaling come to $30 billion. In recent weeks it has built a $1.1 billion stake in Deutsche Bank, put down $2.2 billion for marquee New York offices, and bought into Old Mutual's U.S. fund-management arm. Reuters says it is now in talks about buying the publisher of Forbes, the U.S. business magazine famous for tallying the world's wealthy, and German shipping financier HSH Nordbank.
The overseas forays follow an incredible run at home. HNA started by operating a regional carrier on the beach resort island of Hainan with just one Boeing 737 to its name, according to a 2014 profile. Co-founder Chen Feng, who shares the title of chairperson with company veteran Wang Jian, espouses a management ethos blending Buddhism and ancient Chinese philosophy. Under Chen and their colleagues, HNA now runs more than a dozen airlines, a similar number of airports, thousands of shops and hotels, and much else besides.
Graphic: HNA does M&A: reut.rs/2orfhOA
Today it boasts a trillion yuan ($145 billion) in assets and over 400,000 staff. The HNA Group is itself private, partly owned by a charitable foundation. But there are at least a dozen listed units, mostly in China and Hong Kong, including the $8 billion Hainan Airlines. In short, HNA exemplifies the ambition of today's China Inc. So far that has paid off fabulously – at least for bankers and those with assets to sell.
STILL IN FASHION
HNA's appetite is more impressive than its financials. The unlisted parent is indebted and not terribly profitable: at end-2015, total debt was 10.7 times EBITDA, or roughly 273 billion yuan. Debt made up 70.4 percent of total capital, although that ratio has fallen 4.1 percentage points over the previous four years. HNA made a slim 3.6 percent return on equity, Breakingviews calculates. However, these accounts offer just a snapshot into a complex, fast-growing business - and one that probably prioritises future growth over current returns.
There is some logic in expanding across transport, tourism and aviation. Diversifying out of airlines, a famously value-destructive industry, makes sense. So does reduce overall exposure to China's economy and currency; given question marks about both, it is rational for Chinese firms to borrow cheaply and buy foreign assets.
But HNA's thesis that business lines that move people, things, and money around should naturally fit together doesn't seem convincing. Understanding Chinese travellers does not help when it comes to valuing a Western investment bank or a hedge-fund platform, nor are there obvious concrete benefits from shared ownership.
In the end, this looks like old-school empire-building. While Western outfits like General Electric have tightened up considerably, giant conglomerates never went out of fashion in China. Bosses often want companies to be as big as possible, rather than maximising profit and efficiency.
That would help explain why HNA is spending so freely. For example, it paid Blackstone 15 percent more than the market price for a stake in Hilton and won a series of property auctions in Hong Kong, a famously expensive market. A 2015 Harvard Business School case study says HNA is targeting $5 to $6 trillion of assets by 2025 - more than double the $2.5 trillion of assets held today by JPMorgan, America's biggest bank, and at least eight times the $621 billion of assets at Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. It is hard to see HNA going so far, so fast, while staying disciplined.
COMMUNIST CREDENTIALS
Does HNA have other, hidden motives for its buying spree? Probably not. Like any big Chinese outfit, HNA is not entirely separate from party or state. Chen attends high-powered Communist Party gatherings. State banks are big supporters. And HNA matters hugely to its local government in Hainan.
But that does not mean HNA is doing Beijing's bidding. Unlike other areas where China is expanding, from movies to nuclear power, little of what HNA does looks strategically significant. Even the attempt to buy SkyBridge, the hedge-fund firm run by Donald Trump supporter Anthony Scaramucci, seems more naive than malign in retrospect, given the inevitable resulting controversy.
The better question is whether HNA is heading for trouble, and what would happen if it blew up. There is no suggestion that HNA today is in anything other than fine financial health. A hands-off approach to acquisitions should in theory mean it gets the benefit of skilled local management.
But history is littered with M&A machines that over-paid and over-reached: from ITT, the 1960s uber-conglomerate, to dotcom-darling WorldCom and drug industry consolidator Valeant. The wider an empire's territory, the harder it is to govern. The more debt deployed, the greater the financial risk.
Beijing hates a mess. It seems doubtful the government would allow a collapse of a big Chinese company, at least if it could avoid it. Officials would do their best to avoid contagion, job losses and national embarrassment.
But there are limits. Were things ever to go wrong, it would be naive to assume foreign lenders would be made whole, even if the operating business carried on. The 1999 collapse of Guangdong International Trust & Investment Corp made clear Beijing would let overseas investors take losses, contrary to expectations. The GITIC default involved less than $5 billion in debt. Were a globe-spanning business twice as big as JPMorgan to run into difficulties, the fallout could make GITIC's woes look triflingly small.
May 2 Allianz SE
* Says invests in Affinity Water in UK
* Says has reached an agreement to acquire 100 pct of the equity interest in Affinity Water
* Says transaction is expected to be completed by the end of May Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Lantheus Holdings Inc
* Lantheus Holdings, Inc. Reports 2017 first quarter financial results; exceeds first quarter and raises full-year 2017 guidance
* Q1 earnings per share $0.11
* Q1 revenue $81.4 million versus i/b/e/s view $78.2 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.19 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $0.28
* Sees q2 2017 revenue $79 million to $82 million
* Sees fy 2017 revenue $313 million to $318 million
* Lantheus Holdings Inc - expects worldwide revenues in range of $79 million to $82 million for q2 of 2017
* Lantheus Holdings Inc - for q2 of 2017, company expects adjusted ebitda in range of $18 million to $20 million
* Lantheus Holdings Inc - guidance for both revenue and adjusted ebitda excludes impact of $5.0 million received from ge healthcare in april
* Lantheus Holdings Inc - company has also increased its full-year 2017 guidance range for adjusted ebitda to $80 million to $83 million
* Fy2017 revenue view $315.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK — A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Instead of finding the Ithaca College swimming and diving team doing laps in the pool at 6:45 a.m. Friday mornings, the women's track and field team is jumping, sprinting and even pole vaulting in the water.
Jennifer Potter '92, head coach for the women's track and field team, has been training in the pool since their days as a runner at the college. Now, Potter has their team working in the pool every Friday.
“It's a different environment and it keeps it interesting,” Potter said. “It gets the athletes off their feet so we don't contribute to lower leg problems that is common in indoor and outdoor track.”
Potter said they have been able to utilize the pool to incorporate all aspects of track and field and also ensure that their runners are getting the most from these workouts.
“We have had high jumpers do jump drills over the lane lines,” Potter said. “We have raised the shallow end up to chest–level, waist–level height of water and have done plyometrics, sprint drills, hurdle drills. We have really done a little bit of everything in the pool.”
Plyometrics is a type of exercise where athletes use maximum force in short intervals to increase power in their jumps.
Mackenzie Lobby, a writer for Running Competitor and a runner, said track and field is plagued with leg injuries, and swimming has become a way for runners to get off their feet but still have an intense workout. They said that swimming has proven to be a great way for runners to rehab from injuries and prevent further injuries.
“Many of the track and field events involve a lot of high-impact training, so pool–running provides a great alternative to get your heart rate up with no major impact,” Lobby said.
The runners will run laps in the pool for set time intervals to get the same workout they would when running on a track.
“When you mimic the running movement in the pool, the resistance of the water allows an athlete to build muscle strength,” Lobby said. “The Law of Specificity suggests that if you want to get better at running, you must run, so pool running provides runners a nice alternative to over-ground running that still strengthens the running-specific muscles.”
Potter said that the college's fairly new indoor pool, built in 2011, in the Athletics and Events Center has been very useful for the team. The pool has a 32' by 75' moveable floor system to enable a shallow or deep-water area.
“We are at an advantage with this pool because the floor raises and lowers,” Potter said. “So for example, our distance runners could do a long run just like they do outside in the water for like 45 minutes or half an hour.”
Senior jumper Kassandra Reagan said working out in the pool has helped.
“The pool keeps you in just as good as shape as working out outside without being cold and having tight muscles,” Reagan said. “For example, I had a torn hamstring and a limited range of motion, but I was still able to do all the pool workouts, which was a great help.”
Potter said one of the most interesting water workouts that the Blue and Gold does is “pool vaulting.”
“They will bring a pole in the pool made of PVC by one of the trainers and working on inverting and going in the deep end so there is that inversion feeling with water,” they said.
Junior hurdler Britney Swarthout said they enjoy training in the pool because it is different than training on the track.
“I think it's a really great way to cross-train and allow us to get hard work in without the pounding of the track,” Swarthout said. “It is especially useful for those of us who do this in the winter and the spring.”
The main advantage of being in the pool is the resistance the runners get from the water, Potter said.
“This is something we don't get on the track or in the weight room, so I think it's a different and forgiving environment,” Potter said. “With the right instruction, it can be a real advantage for any program to have.”
SYDNEY (AP) — Australia won the toss and elected to bowl against New Zealand in their Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday.
Captain David Warner confirmed that Alex Carey and D'Arcy Short will make their Australian T20 debuts, with Short expected to open in place of the injured Aaron Finch.
New Zealand captain Kane Williams will have their full-strength bowling line-up of Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi and Trent Boult.
It was the first match in a tri-series tournament also involving England.
Advertisement
___
Lineups:
Australia: David Warner (captain), D'Arcy Short, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey, Ashton Agar, Andrew Tye, Kane Richardson, Adam Zampa, Billy Stanlake.
New Zealand: Kane Williamson (captain), Martin Guptill, Colin Munro, Tom Bruce, Ross Taylor, Colin de Grandhomme, Tom Blundell, Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, Trent Boult.
Umpires: Simon Fry, Australia, and Chris Brown, New Zealand.
Third Umpire: Gerard Abood, Australia. Match referee: Javagal Srinath, India.
FILE PHOTO: A general view shows the Spanish city of La Linea de la Concepcion (rear) and the tarmac of the Gibraltar International Airport (bottom L) while tourists stand on the top of the Rock (R) next to the European Union flag, in the British overseas territory of... REUTERS/Jon Nazca/File Photo
LONDON/BRUSSELS British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Council President Donald Tusk agreed on Thursday to try to lower tensions in upcoming Brexit talks, especially over issues like Gibraltar.
The future of the rocky British enclave on the southern tip of Spain became the first big point of controversy in Brexit negotiations after the EU draft position said the application of any EU-UK trade deal to Gibraltar had be agreed between Spain and Britain.
Meeting Tusk for the first time since they began the divorce process on March 29, May said Britain was looking forward to formally beginning talks with the European Union once the bloc has agreed its guidelines.
"The PM also made clear that on the subject of Gibraltar, the UK's position had not changed: the UK would seek the best possible deal for Gibraltar as the UK exits the EU and there would be no negotiation on the sovereignty of Gibraltar without the consent of its people," May's office said in a statement.
Gibraltar rejected the idea of Britain sharing sovereignty with Spain by 99 percent to 1 percent in a 2002 referendum, but voted overwhelmingly to remain part of the EU in last June's referendum on EU membership.
An EU official said Tusk and May had a "good and friendly" meeting lasting nearly two hours at the British leader's Downing Street official residence,
"They agreed to stay in regular contact throughout the Brexit process to keep a constructive approach and seek to lower tensions that may arise, also when talks on some issues like Gibraltar inevitably will become difficult," the official said under condition of anonymity.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper and Kylie MacLellan in London and Alastair Macdonald in Brussels, Editing by Stephen Addsion)
WASHINGTON U.S. officials said on Friday they had tracked a North Korean missile launch and were working to determine the type of missile used and the distance it flew.
The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the test took place around 4:30 p.m. EST (2030 GMT).
Earlier, South Korea's military said North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Saturday from a region north of its capital but it appeared to have failed.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish)
A logo is seen in front of the entrance at the headquarters French drugmaker Sanofi in Paris October 30, 2014. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
PARIS French drugmaker Sanofi's (SASY.PA) profit beat forecasts in the first quarter and confirmed its earnings outlook for the year, lifting its shares on Friday.
The results were buoyed by Sanofi's speciality care division Genzyme, as well as vaccines and consumer products it has acquired from Germany's Boehringer Ingelheim.
Earlier this year, Sanofi had warned investors it expected 2017 earnings per share to be stable or slightly lower after its fourth quarter results were affected by an increase in taxes and one-off charges.
The company had also said in 2015 it was not targeting any 'meaningful' profit growth for two years, citing difficulties in its embattled diabetes division.
"Although it has now some margin to deliver actual numbers above guidance, Sanofi also has reasons to wait a bit more before raising it. Diabetes is still a very uncertain market segment to work in," Bryan Garnier analysts said in a note.
However, Sanofi, whose shares were up more than 2 percent at 0805 GMT, said it was confident Dupixent, a drug for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis that was approved in the United States at the end of last month, would sell well.
Analysts forecast annual Dupixent sales of more than $4 billion (£3.10 billion) by 2022, according to Thomson Reuters data. Developed with Regeneron (REGN.O), the drug is seen as the most important growth driver for the two companies, who have said Dupixent will have a list price of $37,000 a year.
Sanofi Chief Executive Olivier Brandicourt told journalists that they were "very encouraged with the early coverage" of Dupixent, adding that "the launch is delivering so far exactly on our expectations".
While the price of Dupixent before discounts and rebates to insurers is far more expensive than topical medicines and steroids used to treat eczema, it is less expensive than other injectable antibody drugs for serious skin conditions, such as psoriasis, that list for about $50,000 a year.
CONSUMER HEALTHCARE SHINES
Sanofi said on Friday first-quarter business net income rose 1 percent at constant exchange rates to 1.8 billion euros (£1.51 billion). Total sales rose 8.6 percent to 8.65 billion.
Analysts polled by Reuters in partnership with Inquiry Financial had on average been expecting business net profit of 1.6 billion euros and net sales of 8.38 billion.
Genzyme's sales were up 15.5 percent while revenue at the vaccines divisions rose 22.2 percent. Consumer healthcare products sales were up 42.7 percent.
Hurt by continued U.S. pricing pressure, diabetes and cardiovascular sales however suffered another downturn with revenue falling 7.7 percent.
(Additional reporting by Matthieu Protard; Editing by Leigh Thomas and Alexander Smith)
LONDON Vincent Kompany's first Premier League goal for 20 months prompted an outpouring of relief and frustration after two injury-ravaged seasons for the Manchester City defender.
The 31-year-old's 55th-minute header in a 3-0 victory at Southampton, in front of adoring City fans, sparked an emotional celebration from Kompany, who has started just 21 of City's last 102 games.
"For me it's always a long journey back," Kompany told BT Sport. "I would've liked to be injured less in my career but every single time I've put in the hard work (to get back).
"When this happens I feel I'm giving something back to the fans. I'm finally giving something back to the team and that's what you see in that moment...
"It's ups and downs in football, but ultimately what gets you up is you keep looking towards your objective. If I had to work 15 years to have just one moment like this I would do.
"I scored in front of the away fans and for me it was a great feeling. I feel like I want to give so much but I am restrained at times, but I keep positive and keep going no matter what."
Kompany will have garnered many headlines for their goal but it was their calming, imperious and faultless defensive display that will have been most pleasing for City manager Pep Guardiola.
Despite spending heavily in recent seasons, City's title aspirations have been hampered by an inability to build a consistent, reliable central defensive partnership in Kompany's absence.
John Stones and Nicolas Otamendi have arrived and, though each has shown glimpses of their undoubted quality, both are susceptible to the kind of mistake that was so rare from City when Kompany was at the peak of their powers.
"Every manager Vincent Kompany has played under knows what an important player they are," Guardiola told the BBC.
"Finally, in recent games they have played they have delivered performances and hopefully they can stay fit. I want them fit enough to play every week -- they have suffered for long periods but they are a real, real central defender."
After a run of four league games without a win City have registered back-to-back league victories and face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final next week.
(Reporting By Tom Hayward; Editing by Toby Davis)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — A man who frequently checked a teenager out of school without their parents' knowledge and fled to Mexico with them will soon be in the custody of Pennsylvania authorities.
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 45-year-old Kevin Esterly and 16-year-old Amy Yu in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and flew them to Miami. An extradition hearing was held Monday for Esterly, and they will be returned to Pennsylvania in the next two weeks, the Miami-Dade State Attorney's office said.
The girl arrived Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown, 60 miles (97 kilometers) away. Esterly faces a felony charge of interference with the custody of a child when they arrive back in Pennsylvania.
The two had been missing since March 5, when Allentown police said they bought one-way tickets from Philadelphia to Dallas and then headed to Cancun. Mexican authorities issued an Amber Alert in the case on Thursday.
Advertisement
Police have said they believe the teen went willingly with the married father of four, who had signed them out of school 10 times in the last few months. The girl had altered their student records to list Esterly as their stepfather, said Gary Hammer, of the Colonial Regional Police Department.
Amy's family previously said the two met at church years ago, and the girl is friends with one of Esterly's daughters.
Attorney John Waldron, who represents Esterly's wife, Stacey, told The (Allentown) Morning Call on Sunday that their husband had been calling them from prison, but they refused to accept their calls and plans to file for divorce.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Highlights of the second round of the 99th PGA Championship at Quail Hollow on Friday:
Failing light ends play in second round
Players with one hole left ran to their last tee to fire off a shot before the horn sounded to suspend play for the day so they would be allowed to finish the hole and their round, and not have to return early on Saturday to complete it.
With darkness falling, Jason Day parred the 18th to register a five-under 66 for a six-under-par total, two shots off the pace. Louis Oosthuizen parred the ninth to post 67 and finish the round on five-under.
Matsuyama completes 64, ties Kisner for halfway lead
Matsuyama sees their birdie streak snapped with a par at the par-four 16th before resuming their torrid back nine with another birdie at 17 on their way to a flawless seven-under 64 that ties them with Kisner at eight-under 134 through 36 holes.
Play resumes, Matsuyama birdies again
Matsuyama chips from greenside rough at the par-five 15 to two feet and sinks the putt after play resumed following a one hour 43-minute delay for their fourth birdie in a row. The Japanese moves to seven-under, one stroke from leader Kisner.
Play suspended due to lightning
After the weather held for most of the afternoon, the luck finally ran out, with approaching thunderstorms forcing play to be suspended at 4.43 p.m. local time (2043 GMT). An approaching storm from the south led to the decision.
--
Matsuyama, Day make move
The stoppage is probably not what Hideki Matsuyama and Jason Day wanted. Japanese Matsuyama had picked up three straight birdies to jump into second place at six-under after 14 holes, with Australian Day in third place at five-under after 10 holes.
--
Spieth treads water
In their quest to complete the grand slam, Jordan Spieth is struggling to stay in touch. They made a mess of the par-five 10th and in the end did well to salvage a bogey, slipping 11 strokes from the lead.
--
McIlroy 10 behind after a second straight 72
Rory McIlroy, the pre-championship favourite, had an awful stretch of four bogeys in five holes before fighting back to end their round 10 strokes behind. A birdie putt at the last hung on the lip but did not drop.
--
Kisner stretches lead
The man to catch is American Kevin Kisner, who stayed out of trouble for a second straight 67, a remarkable score given the difficulty of the new greens, which are slippery, fast and rock hard.
--
Fowler moving up
American Rickie Fowler, hoping Quail Hollow will yield their first major championship, is next best in the clubhouse, five shots behind after a 70.
--
The course was set up on Friday at 7,452 yards, more than 100 yards shorter than for the first round. The tees have been moved up significantly on the drivable par-four 14th, which is playing only 289 yards, reachable for the entire field. (Compiled by Andrew Both and Larry Fine; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
April 10 Betta Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 20 percent to 35 percent, or to be 67.1 million yuan to 82.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (103.2 million yuan)
* Says decreased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Of4nsJ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Nikkei poised for 0.5 percent weekly drop
* Tech shares gain after strong Nasdaq underpins sentiment
* The Morinagas dive after scrapping integration plan
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, March 31 Japanese stocks rose on Friday as upbeat industrial production data and a weak yen supported sentiment, with exporters and tech shares underpinning the broad market in early trade.
The Nikkei share average gained 0.5 percent to 19,165.47 in midmorning trade, and is poised for a similar weekly decline.
Much of the demand for Japanese stocks has been influenced by the yen's moves and broad sentiment around U.S. President Donald Trump's early efforts to change domestic policies.
Trump's failure to push through a healthcare bill sent the Nikkei to six-week lows on Monday as investors fretted about their ability to push through economic stimulus measures.
U.S. shares gained overnight thanks to robust consumer spending data and revised figures showing fourth quarter U.S. economic growth was stronger than previously reported.
Japanese exporters rose after the dollar tacked on 0.2 percent to 112.11 yen, and tech shares tracked a robust Nasdaq market which closed at a record high overnight. Murata Manufacturing advanced 1.4 percent, Nidec Corp soared 2.1 percent and TDK Corp surged 2.1 percent.
"Overseas data and domestic economic data are both helping Japanese shares," said Yoshihiro Okumura, general manager at Chibagin Asset Management.
But as the dollar-yen levels have been volatile recently, Okumura said investors will remain cautious for a while.
On the domestic front, solid data added to the better mood, with official figures showing Japan's industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month for the fastest pace of increase in eight months.
The food sector was among the few drags on the broader market, falling 0.2 percent after Morinaga & Co and Morinaga Milk Industry Co said they scrapped the integration plan.
Morinaga & Co tumbled 5 percent, while Morinaga Milk nosedived 15 percent.
The broader Topix rose 0.7 percent to 1,538.27 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 0.8 percent to 13,755.95.
(Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
DETROIT Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV's (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N) Jeep chief Mike Manley said on Thursday that despite a deliberate reduction in fleet sales by the brand, full-year 2017 U.S. sales should still be up or on pace with last year's total.
"Full year, I think it's going to be a close run thing, we'll be up or flat," Manley told reporters at a Jeep event. "Right now we're down, it was planned and I think it was the right thing for the brand."
Through February, Manley said U.S. retail sales to consumers were up 4 percent while fleet sales were down more than 50 percent. Fleet sales to rental agencies, businesses and government entities often involve steep discounts.
Manley, Jeep's chief executive officer, said the brand's redesigned Compass vehicle has begun arriving at U.S. dealerships and the vehicle's impact on overall sales should become apparent within two to three months as dealers stock up.
The previous version of the Compass was very popular and the new model is expected to compete with Ford Motor Co's (F.N) Escape and Honda Motor Co Ltd's (7267.T) CR-V, both crossovers.
"It's way too early to declare any vehicle a success, but at the moment everything seems to be on track," Manley said.
Manley said they could not discuss what the company would like to see from a review of tough Obama-era fuel-economy standards that was ordered by Republican U.S. President Donald Trump earlier this month. They referred reporters to comments from FCA CEO Sergio Marchionne.
California decided last week to pursue the Obama-era targets, likely splitting the U.S. market in two as nine other states will follow suit.
Industry experts say the review will likely only lead to a marginal easing of the fuel-efficiency targets, with China and Europe pushing for their own tough standards.
Manley said the global composition of Jeep sales, including a rapid rise in China, mean the brand has to pay attention to standards in markets outside the United States.
"We're a global brand ... and all of the regions we're in have their own versions of fuel-economy standards," Manley said. "From our perspective we'll wait to see if there are any changes, but for now I'm on track until those discussions have happened."
(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* UK AND CHINA SIGN MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING ON MEDICINE AND DEVICE REGULATION, UK‘S MHRA SAYS
* UK/CHINA AGREEMENT COVERS EXCHANGE OF LEARNING FROM ACCELERATED ACCESS REVIEW AND HOW TO REGULATE TRADING OF MEDICINES ONLINE
* NEW AGREEMENT EXPANDS ON A PREVIOUS MOU SIGNED IN 2014 WHICH FOCUSSED ON THE EXCHANGE OF SAFETY INFORMATION (Reporting by UK bureau)
LONDON, May 2 (IFR) - Natixis has appointed Christopher Lovgren as head of global high-yield corporate distribution and trading, a newly created job.
The role is designed to allow the French bank to cater for the increasing overlap between the bond and loan markets, according to the bank.
Lovgren moves to the role from loan syndications, where they have been global head since 2013. They will report to Selim Mehrez, global head of fixed income. (Reporting by Yoruk Bahceli, Editing by Julian Baker and Helene Durand)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A woman has spoken of the moment they heard an "enormous explosion" as a helicopter crashed in North Yorkshire.
At 1.23pm today, officers received reports of the crash in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge.
Katie McCann, of London, who grew up in the village, said the crash took place behind Aldborough Hall.
They were in their mother's house when they heard what sounded like an "out of control plane or helicopter".
"The clouds are quite low here today and it's not great weather.
"Then I heard an enormous explosion."
Credit: Katie McCann.
The 53-year-old looked out the window and "black smoke was everywhere and I just flew out of the house because I thought it was an airplane".
A man with two boys was on the phone trying the direct emergency services, and Ms McCann helped.
"You couldn't see anything," they said. "There was so much smoke.
"[One man] said they had seen it. It was a red and white helicopter.
Credit: Katie McCann.
"He said it had climbed up into the cloud like it was trying to recover itself, and then dropped like a stone."
Pictures supplied by Ms McCann showed a Yorkshire Air Ambulance attending the scene afterward the crash.
"That arrived 10 minutes later," they said. "I couldn't believe how fast they arrived."
It also only took the first fire engine around three minutes to turn up, they added.
Locals had told them a helicopter landed in the nearby Boroughbridge area at around 8.30am this morning.
Officers have cordoned off the area and are currently conducting a search of the scene.
Fire and ambulance crews have also attended the scene.
Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
Fire crews from Boroughbridge, Knaresborough, Harrogate and Ripon attended, it is understood.
South Korea's pilot Won Yun-jong (front) and Seo Young-woo react after competing in the final run of the men's two-man bobsleigh competition at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics February 17, 2014. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
South Korea's pilot Won Yun-jong (front) and Seo Young-woo speed down the track in the men's two-man bobsleigh competition at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics February 16, 2014. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
South Korean bobsleigh duo Won Yun-jong and Seo Young-woo have played down the importance of home ice at next year's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, saying they are "good enough" to win gold for their country on their own merits.
Sliders from host nations have enjoyed a competitive edge in recent Winter Games as they have the opportunity to train on the Olympic track more often than their rivals and are familiar with every twist and turn on the course.
Won, the pilot, and Seo, their brakeman, are one of the main medal hopes for the host nation in the sliding events, which will be held at Pyeongchang's Alpensia Sliding Centre.
"The ultimate goal for athletes is to win an Olympic gold medal," Won was quoted as saying by Yonhap News Agency. "We want the people to think that we won the medal because we were good enough to do so, not just because we were racing at home."
The duo won the World Cup series last year but have struggled this season, failing to record a victory and finishing outside the top 10 in two World Cup stops.
Yun Sung-bin, who is South Korea's sole medal hope in the men's skeleton, wants to let their results do the talking next season as they build up to Pyeongchang.
During the eight World Cup events of the 2016-17 season, Yun won once and finished as runner-up three times, including the season finale at Alpensia earlier this month, where they lost to Latvia's Martins Dukurs by 0.01 seconds.
"I didn't think I'd get beat at the time, but I think a tiny mistake made the difference," Yun said. "If I continue to work harder, I should post better results. I'll let my times do the talking next season."
The last two men's Olympic skeleton champions have come from the host nations.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Almost two weeks ago The Game went on social media to talk about the death of their father, George Taylor. The rapper has always had an off and on relationship with him, but still managed to spend quality time before they died. There is still no word on how they passed, but The Game posted another photo of them sharing their feelings.
Follow @TheRSMS
According to VIBE, they said, “I'm usually the STRONGEST person I know… but this one is really breaking me down. I miss you dad .” In another post they mentioned, “Dear Dad: As Friday draws closer & we prepare to lay you to rest…The emptiness left in your absence is eating away at my soul & no matter where I go, the pain follows…. lead me to the light & strengthen me as I was not prepared for your departure .” Their father was 65 when they passed and we will continue to keep their family in our prayers.
RELATED: The Game's Father Dies
RELATED: The Game Alleged To Have Impregnated A 15-Year-Old Girl
RELATED: Fredo Santana Dead At 27
The Latest:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
In rare free moments, when Kim Jong-un isn't calling President Donald Trump a dotard, launching ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan or engaging in general dictatoring, they apparently go on leisurely mountain hikes and flexes their never-before-reported superpower: controlling the weather.
The case for the North Korean leader's cameo role in a new X-Men movie came during a brisk two-mile stroll up snowy Mount Paektu a week or so ago, as reported by the state-controlled Korean Central News Agency.
The 9,000-foot mountain is normally a wintry mess in December, according to the news agency, but during Kim's visit, it was a "marvelous scene with glee at the reappearance of its great master." When Kim ascended to the top, the mountain showed "fine weather unprecedented."
It was obviously an homage to Kim, KCNA reported, the man "who controls the nature."
Advertisement
The fine weather was fortuitous, as pictures showed Kim made the arduous trek up the mountain in dress slacks and shiny leather shoes.
Of course, it should be said that KCNA and other state-sponsored media are known for making a wide variety of claims about North Korea's leaders. Among them:
• Kim Jong-un and Korean scientists formulated a miracle drug, according to Newsweek - a combination of ginseng and "rare earth elements" that, with one injection, can cure or treat AIDS, Ebola, many cancers, heart disease, impotence, the common cold, "harm from use of computers," epilepsy, all forms of hepatitis, venereal disease and aging. It also, for some reason, renders its users "anti-radioactive."
• Kim Jong-un could drive at age 3 and was a competitive sailor at age 9.
• Kim Jong-un and North Korean archaeologists also found a unicorn's lair, or at least "recently reconfirmed" the location of unicorns ridden by the ancient Korean King Tongmyong, according to the Guardian. If people are distrustful of the discovery, it has a rectangular rock in front that reads: "Unicorn Lair."
KCNA and other state-sponsored media are known for making a wide variety of claims about North Korea's leaders. Photo / AP
• Korean news agencies reported that Kim's father, Kim Jong Il, learned to walk at 3 weeks old and once shot a round of golf that included 11 holes-in-one.
• People surprised by their greatness should only remember the day they were born, when a double rainbow suddenly appeared in the sky.
• Also, Kim Jong Il could control the weather, too.
Those claims could not be independently corroborated on Monday.
It is not uncommon for nations to want to show their leaders in a positive light. Ugly official portrayals of U.S. presidents are rare, although there are always exceptions.
And as The Washington Post reported in August, Hasbro could practically make a series of action figures based on the various glowing iterations of Russian President Vladimir Putin: Hang-Gliding Putin, Judo Master Putin, Classic Horseback Putin, Fighter Pilot Putin and, of course, Putin's tiger cub Mashenka.
But North Korea appears to be taking a lesson from the ancient Egyptians, essentially deifying the leader of their country.
"His eyes reflected the strong beams of the gifted great person seeing in the majestic spirit of Mount Paektu the appearance of a powerful socialist nation which dynamically advances full of vigor without vacillation at any raving dirty wind on the planet," the article about Kim Jong-un's ascent up Mount Paektu read.
And while standing atop the sacred mountain, the supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, in full control of the wind and the snow and the clouds, chose to make a few declarations, according to the article.
Perhaps, they said, they should consider sprucing up the visitors' center.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and a candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Chatellerault, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, arrives at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
A supporter holds a French flag next to a poster of Emmanuel Macron, a head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and a candidate for the 2017 presidential election, during their campaign rally in Chatellerault, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
New official posters for the candidates for the 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron (L), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and Marine Le Pen (R), French National Front (FN) political party leader, are displayed in Fontaines-sur-Saone, near Lyon, France, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
PARIS A week before the decisive second round in France's presidential election, many voters are sceptical that either of the two candidates can solve chronic unemployment or tackle security concerns, a poll published on Sunday found.
The Ifop survey for the Journal du Dimanche highlights two key battlegrounds as centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron and far-right opponent Marine Le Pen enter a final week of campaigning - France's economy and borders.
Polls predict that Macron, a former economy minister, will win the May 7 run-off with about 59-60 percent. But the momentum has recently been with Le Pen, who has clawed back about five percentage points over the past week.
According to the Ifop poll, 45 percent of voters believe the two finalists would not put an end to unemployment, which has for years stood close to 10 percent in France. And 36 percent say neither candidate is able to protect France from attacks.
France has been under a state of emergency since 2015 and has suffered a spate of Islamist militant attacks, mostly perpetrated by young men who grew up in France and Belgium. More than 230 people have been killed in the past two years.
Days before the first round of voting on April 23 a French police officer was shot dead and two others were wounded in central Paris in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group.
The result of the run-off vote will depend to a large extent on floating voters and the level of abstentions.
In the first round 22.2 percent of voters abstained, the highest percentage since 2002 when Marine Le Pen's father, Jean-Marie, won through to the second round only to be soundly defeated by conservative Jacques Chirac.
This time if turnout is low in the second round analysts say Macron could struggle to reproduce the same broad movement against the National Front candidate, citing their mainly free-market policies at a time when anti-establishment feeling has been on the rise in Europe and the United States.
Left-wing candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, with 19.6 percent of the votes in the first round, has urged their supporters to oppose Le Pen but has refused to back Macron for the second round.
Le Pen travelled to Marseille on Sunday to speak on the environment, a key issue for Melenchon supporters, while Macron visited the Holocaust memorial in Paris.
The Ifop poll found 42 percent of voters believe neither Macron nor Le Pen would be able to reunite the country after months of bitter campaigning, while 43 percent questioned whether either would be able to govern after capturing the Elysee palace.
France returns to the polls in June to select members of the National Assembly, the lower house of parliament, where a majority is needed to push through government policies.
Both Macron, who launched a new party a year ago, and Le Pen, whose National Front has only two seats in the National Assembly, have faced questions about their ability to build a parliamentary majority.
Le Pen said on Saturday defeated right-wing candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan would be their prime minister if they won.
In a statement outlining the alliance struck with Dupont-Aignan's small nationalist party, Le Pen said there was no rush to dump the euro and that other policy changes might take precedence, in what appeared to be a softening of their stance towards the single currency.
They appeared to reverse this position on Sunday, making clear in a video published on newspaper Le Parisien's website that they were still intent on leaving the euro eventually.
A policy coordinator with Le Pen confirmed they would call a referendum within six months on France's future in the European Union, and therefore on the euro, if they were to be elected.
Analysts said the confusion was largely due to the fact that Le Pen's plans to quit the EU and the euro are among the least popular policies in their protectionist, anti-immigration electoral platform.
Macron received support on Sunday from Jean-Louis Borloo, a previous leader of the UDI, a small centrist party, but has yet to say who they would ask to lead a government.
(Additional reporting by Myriam Rivet, Simon Carraud; Editing by Adrian Croft, Greg Mahlich)
MEXICO CITY, March 30 Mexico's central bank raised its benchmark interest rate for the fifth meeting in a row on Thursday, but policymakers slowed the pace of hikes on the back of a rally in the peso.
The board of the Banco de Mexico unanimously decided to raise its main rate by a quarter percentage point to 6.50 percent, as expected by 15 of 24 analysts surveyed by Reuters, the bank said in a statement.
The central bank had hiked in 50-basis point moves in its previous four meetings. (Reporting by Michael O'Boyle and Gabriel Stargardter)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
You'd have thought that 10 years spent commentating about technology in general and cloud in particular has meant that, when it comes to my vocation, there is no sentiment or emotion that comes to bear -- that things would be hard and completely analytical. But the truth, however, is that sometimes it is a little touching to take a look backward and see how far the cloud has come.
And what a way that is. I recall attending cloud computing conferences back in 2008 where we, the self-styled and slightly embarrassingly titled “Clouderati,” would gather together to help each other overcome the arrows that were often aimed in our direction. We where, you see, staunch proponents of the value of the cloud, back when many -- if not most -- commentators, vendors and technology users alike dismissed the cloud as "not a thing."
And so, RightScale's 2017 edition of its annual State of the Cloud Report is a nice chance to look back and see how far we've come. RightScale produces the reports every year, and this year the company surveyed over 1,000 technology professionals about a wide range of factors, all relating to their adoption of cloud computing. And while 1,000 is a small number of individuals given how big the broader enterprise IT space is, it's an interesting -- albeit small -- cross-section.
So what does this year's report tell us about cloud adoption?
Public cloud adoption grows as private cloud apparently wanes
Hybrid cloud is the preferred enterprise strategy, but private cloud adoption fell. Very interestingly -- especially for those who follow OpenStack and other initiatives that give organizations an easy private cloud on-ramp -- private cloud adoption fell from 77% to 72%, also bringing hybrid cloud adoption down from 71% to 67% year-over-year.
While this fall of private cloud adoption could be taken to suggest that organizations are settling on a single public cloud vendor, that does not seem to be the case -- 85% of enterprises have a multi-cloud strategy, up from 82% in 2016. Cloud seems to have moved beyond the tipping point and is now the default -- 95% of organizations surveyed are running applications or experimenting with infrastructure as a service.
For those who are doing private cloud, VMware vSphere continues to lead with 42% adoption, slightly below last year (44%). OpenStack (20%) and VMware vCloud Suite (19%) were also flat in growth, with OpenStack barely eking into the No. 2 slot.
Among enterprises, VMware vCloud Suite (28%) beats OpenStack (25%). Azure Pack/Stack was the only private cloud technology to show significant growth, up from 9% to 14%.
Azure increases market penetration, reducing the AWS lead
Of incredible interest to anyone who tracks the various public cloud vendors, overall Azure adoption grew from 20% to 34% of respondents, while AWS stayed flat at 57% of respondents. At the same time, and agreeing with other analyst assessments, Google also grew from 10% to 15% to maintain third position.
Azure also reduced the AWS lead among enterprises: Azure increased adoption significantly from 26% to 43%, while AWS adoption in this group increased slightly, from 56% to 59%.
Cloud users running applications in 8 clouds on average
Indicating just how complex modern enterprise IT actually is, the report found that cloud users are already running applications in an average of 1.8 public clouds and 2.3 private clouds. At the same time, they are experimenting with an additional 1.8 public clouds and 2.1 private clouds.
Companies run a majority of workloads in cloud
Perhaps there's some selection bias in here, but it is still interesting that respondents run 41% of workloads in public cloud and 38% in private cloud. Among enterprises, respondents run 32% of workloads in public cloud and 43% in private cloud.
Enterprise central IT teams take a stronger cloud role
Enterprise central IT has a broader view of its cloud role in 2017 that includes selecting public clouds (65%), deciding/advising on which apps move to cloud (63%) and selecting private clouds (63%). In comparison, respondents in business units are less likely to delegate authority to central IT for selecting public clouds (41%), deciding/advising on which apps move to cloud (45%) and selecting private clouds (38%).
Despite this disconnect, which could indicate some real battles looming between the CMO and CTO, enterprises continue to progress on cloud governance; 70% of respondents have now defined the value they want to achieve from cloud, up from 63% in 2016, while 53% now have a timeline for implementing a cloud strategy, up from 48% in 2016.
Cloud challenges decline: Expertise, security and spend tie for No. 1
Lack of resources/expertise, the No. 1 cloud challenge in 2016, was less of a challenge in 2017, with only 25% citing it as a major concern, down from 32% in 2016. In a eureka! moment, concerns about security also fell to 25% vs. 29% last year. Managing cloud spend fell only slightly, from 26% to 25%, to tie for the biggest challenge.
The most cited challenge among mature cloud users is managing costs (24%), while among cloud beginners it is security (32%).
Significant wasted cloud spend drives users to focus on costs
A little bit of self-justification here for RightScale, but notwithstanding that, it is interesting to hear that cloud users underestimate the amount of wasted cloud spend. Respondents estimate 30% waste, while RightScale has measured actual waste between 30% and 45%.
Despite an increased focus on cloud cost management, only a minority of companies are taking critical actions to optimize cloud costs, such as shutting down unused workloads or selecting lower-cost clouds or regions. Optimizing cloud costs is the top initiative across all cloud users (53%), especially among mature cloud users (64%).
Docker shoots into the lead for DevOps tools
Overall, DevOps adoption rises from 74% to 78%, with enterprises reaching 84%. Fully 30% of enterprises are adopting DevOps companywide, up from 21% in 2016.
Overall, Docker adoption surges to 35%, taking the lead over Chef and Puppet, at 28% each. Kubernetes adoption also grew strongly, to 14% from 7% in 2016. An even higher percentage of enterprises use Docker (40%), with 30% more planning to use it.
Many respondents use Docker through container-as-a-service offerings from cloud providers, including AWS ECS (35%), Azure Container Service (11%) and Google Container Engine (8%).
Use of Puppet and Chef fell this year from 32% to 28% of respondents for each. Ansible stayed steady, used by 21% of respondents vs. 20% in 2016.
Public cloud users still have a larger footprint in AWS
Despite the inroads being made by Google and Microsoft, AWS holds a significant lead in the number of VMs its users are running: Fully 28% of respondents have more than 100 VMs in AWS, while only 13% have more than 100 VMs in Azure. Among enterprises, 38% have 100-plus VMs in AWS, and 21% have 100-plus in Azure.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
FILE PHOTO - National security adviser General Michael Flynn arrives to deliver a statement during the daily briefing at the White House in Washington U.S., February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
WASHINGTON Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's former national security adviser, failed to disclose payments from a Russian television network and a second firm linked to Russia in a February financial disclosure form, according to documents released by the White House on Saturday.
In a financial disclosure form signed by Flynn on March 31, the former White House official listed speaking engagements to Russian entities, including the Kremlin-funded RT TV and Volga-Dnepr Airlines.
The form does not say how much Flynn was paid but the speeches are in a section titled "sources of compensation exceeding $5,000 in a year."
The speeches were not included in a form that Flynn signed electronically on February 11, which the White House also released on Saturday.
The discrepancy on reporting income linked to Russia could add to Flynn's legal woes. The retired general, who was forced to resign after only 24 days, is under scrutiny for their contacts with Russian officials in a wider investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
They have requested immunity if they testify before the intelligence committees of the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives, their lawyer, Robert Kelner, said on Thursday.
Flynn was forced out on Feb. 13 for failing to disclose talks with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak about U.S. sanctions on Moscow and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations, which occurred before Trump took office.
Trump, a Republican, said in a tweet that Democrats were pursuing investigations because they were upset about their Nov. 8 victory over their party's candidate, Hillary Clinton.
Congressional committees and the FBI are looking into allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the election campaign.
The Russian government has denied the allegations and denied that it hacked emails of Democratic groups and released information to tip the election toward Trump, who has called for better U.S. relations with Moscow.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Mary Milliken)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
BEIJING, April 28 Bank of China Ltd (BoC) , the country's fourth-biggest lender by assets, posted flat first-quarter net profit growth on Friday, missing estimates as bad loans weighed on its balance sheet.
Profit was 46.6 billion yuan ($6.76 billion) in the three months ended March 31, flat from 46.6 billion yuan a year earlier.
The result compared with an average estimate of 47.7 billion yuan from three analysts polled by Reuters.
BoC said its non-performing loan ratio was 1.45 percent at end-March, against 1.46 percent at end-December. Its NPLs topped 150.3 billion yuan at end-March compared to 146 billion yuan at end-December. ($1 = 6.8971 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
NEW YORK, April 20 Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, hired to resolve criminal charges against Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab, said in an affidavit that senior U.S. officials are open to a deal that would help their client while promoting the security interests of the United States.
In a filing in Manhattan federal court made public late on Wednesday, Giuliani said both U.S. and Turkish officials remained "receptive" to a diplomatic solution due to the nature of the charges against Zarrab and the perceived importance of Turkey as a geopolitical ally.
"That receptiveness is hardly surprising when one considers that none of the transactions in which Mr. Zarrab is alleged to have participated involved weapons or nuclear technology, or any other contraband, but rather involved consumer goods, and that Turkey is situated in a part of the world strategically critical to the United States," Giuliani said.
The affidavit was submitted ahead of a hearing on Monday being held to ensure that Zarrab understands potential conflicts of interest inherent in hiring Giuliani, an adviser to President Donald Trump, and Michael Mukasey, former U.S. Attorney General, to represent him.
Prosecutors have raised concerns about possible conflicts because eight of the U.S. banks involved in the case have been clients of Giuliani or Mukasey's law firms. They have also cited the work of Giuliani's firm, Greenberg Traurig LLP, as a registered agent of Turkey.
Zarrab is accused of conspiring to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government, violating U.S. sanctions. Prosecutors have filed similar charges against Mehmet Hakan Atilla, an executive at Turkish state-owned bank Halkbank. Both men have pleaded not guilty.
The case has raised concerns at the highest levels of Turkish power. Last month Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called Atilla's arrest "political", while President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has accused U.S. authorities of having "ulterior motives" in prosecuting Zarrab.
Both Giuliani and Mukasey, who also submitted an affidavit, said they did not see any conflicts of interest in their work representing Zarrab but promised not do any work for any of the banks in question while the Zarrab case was ongoing.
They both said Zarrab was paying their own legal bills. (reporting by Nathan Layne in New York; Editing by David Gregorio)
Syrian Mohamed al-Khalaf, (2nd L) carries daughter Maya alongside their wife Ghufran (2nd R) and their daughter Shadin near their apartment in Wecker, Luxembourg, January 19, 2017. Picture taken January 19, 2017. To match Insight EUROPE-MIGRANTS/RAQQA REUTERS/Yves Herman
Refugees have bureaucratic problems when they try to come to Europe. But once people are granted protection, they are entitled to bring in their families. Reuters found that despite having a legal right to be reunited, these families remain separated, often in the case of Syrians fleeing Islamic State because they need to produce documents they can only get from the Assad administration.
Reporter Shadia Nasralla, who is based in Vienna, examined this problem for the first time. In the absence of reliable central data, they collated whatever statistics about families in limbo they could find. Nasralla determined that tens of thousands of families are affected by stipulations by European nations requiring Syrians to provide highly specific documents. For instance, they found that often governments require those documents to be certified by Damascus. As a result, the price of Syrian passports has rocketed.
A defining moment came months into Nasralla's investigation, after they had consistently been told that no centrally collated figures were available. Nasralla and German colleague Andrea Shalal uncovered a German parliamentary record which said that in Germany, no comma some 26,000 Syrian applications for family reunifications are not ready for a decision because of missing documents.
It was the first time anyone had attached figures to the problem and reported some of the human hardships behind them. Their work also shed light on the way people, up to and including the administration of Bashar al-Assad, are cashing in on Europe's bureaucratic immigration systems.
Nasralla took a tale they first heard from Syrians in Vienna beyond the anecdote. Underscoring the commitment of Reuters to "reliable news," they found the overlooked statistics to illuminate an important global story.
Read the Reuters report on Syrian refugees quest for documents here here
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
beYOUteous, a handcrafted jewelry line started by Lawrence Jean-Louis, will be a participating maker at the Miami Maker Faire taking place at Miami Dade College's Wolfson campus.
beyouteous- eye- see- horus- earrings
End
-- beYOUteous, the line of handcrafted beaded jewelry with the message of embracing individuality, feminine strength, and empowerment will be a participating maker at the Miami Maker Faire taking place at MDC's Wolfson campus in downtown Miami.Founded by Lawrence Jean-Louis, a creative with a fondness for all things unique and handmade, the name beYOUteous is a play on both the phrase "be you" and the word "beauteous."The event will feature inventions and interactive exhibits across the exciting maker movement spectrum, from technology to industrial arts, science, arts, music, crafts, and more! The city of Miami is joining select cities around the world to host larger-scale Maker Faires in 2017, including Rome, Paris, Tokyo, Atlanta, New York and Shenzhen.Maker Faire originated in 2006 in the San Francisco Bay Area as a project of the editors of Make: magazine. It's a gathering of fascinating, curious people who enjoy learning and who love sharing what they can do.Shop online at http://www.beyouteous.com WHAT: Maker Faire Miami at MDCWHEN: Saturday and Sunday, April 8 – 9, 2017WHERE: MDC Wolfson Campus, 300 N.E. Second Ave.
DALLAS (Reuters Breakingviews) - United Continental has an image problem – but investors don't seem to care. An innocent passenger on the airline's flight from Chicago to Louisville on Sunday was forcibly removed by airport security after staff realized they didn't have enough seats for their own off-duty cabin crew and pilots. A fellow passenger's video of the incident quickly went viral. It's United's second PR flub within a month – yet the stock closed up almost 1 percent on Monday in a flat market. That's a sign of the industry's current strength – but it may not last.
Airline stocks have been soaring in recent years thanks to a number of business tailwinds, from falling oil prices to higher demand to sturdier balance sheets. As a result, the NYSE Arca Airline Index is hovering at its highest level since the Sept. 11 attacks in 2001.
Even some of the more turbulent customer-service problems have improved. Fewer people lost their baggage and more flights were on time last year, according to data from the latest annual Airline Quality Rating, released on Monday by Wichita State University and Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. Booting people off the plane due to overbooking, United's incident notwithstanding, has declined, too, as have complaints overall.
United, though, often ranks low on the list. It took eighth place out of 12 carriers in the AQR survey. Only American Airlines and no-frills outlets ExpressJet, Spirit Airlines and Frontier Airlines fared worse. United, which faced a backlash in March after barring two teenagers from a flight for wearing leggings, does not better in customer surveys: last year J.D. Power placed it last of the major airlines and second-last ahead of Frontier.
That may make shareholders' sanguine attitude hard to understand. But America's airline industry is an odd bird; its reliance on regional hubs means companies, especially longer-standing fliers like Delta and United, often retain a large share of some routes.
As a result, repeated – or even chronic – bad service may have little if any effect on seat bookings. What's more, a lot of passengers are more sensitive to price than pleases-and-thank-yous, suffering poor service as long as the flight is cheap. With low-budget airlines steadily chipping away at more of their routes - and often besting them on attentive attendants and the like – stock in the Uniteds of the skies may not remain immune to bad press for long.
March 30 Reserve Bank of India:
* RBI - RBI advisory on e-wallets
* RBI - only non-bank entities authorised by RBI can issue PPI wallets for purchase of goods and services from third parties and money transfer within India
* RBI - only permitted banks can issue PPI wallets which can be used for withdrawing cash. Source text - (bit.ly/2nyUBkM)
Indonesian police officers stand on a boat as the government destroyed foreign boats that had been caught illegally fishing in Indonesian waters, near Medan, April 1, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Septianda Perdana/ via REUTERS
People take pictures of a burning ship as the government destroyed foreign boats that had been caught illegally fishing in Indonesia waters, at Morela village in Ambon island, April 1, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Izaac Mulyawan/via REUTERS
JAKARTA Indonesia destroyed 81 mostly foreign boats at the weekend that had been caught illegally fishing in its waters, taking to more than 300 the number sunk since President Joko Widodo launched a battle against the poaching of fish in 2014.
The Southeast Asian country has some of the world's richest fishing grounds, but authorities have struggled to prevent trawlers, often from Asian neighbours, from making incursions into the seas around the vast archipelago.
Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Minister Susi Pudjiastuti said they hoped the sinking of the ships would be a deterrent for perpetrators of illegal trawling. "We hope that Sino is a symbol of our victory over fish poaching," Pudjiastuti said in a statement, referring to one of the ships sunk, after having witnessed two vessels being destroyed in Ambon in eastern Indonesia.
Boats were sunk in 12 different locations around Indonesia on Saturday, the ministry said in its statement.
The tougher policy on illegal fishing has at times caused tension with neighbours. Last year, a Chinese coast guard vessel intervened when Indonesia attempted to detain a Chinese vessel for fishing illegally in waters near the contested South China Sea.
In 2014, Indonesia estimated that illegal fishing was costing it 101 trillion rupiah ($7.58 billion) a year.
Since October 2014, Indonesia has destroyed 317 ships, the bulk of them from neighbouring countries such as Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam, according to the statement.
(Reporting by Augstinus Boa Da Costa; Writing by Ed Davies; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AIK FOTBOLL AB:
* HAS SIGNED AGREEMENT WITH D. CARNEGIE & CO ​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone on Wednesday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the two leaders discussed North Korea's launch of a ballistic missile, among other regional issues, the White House said in a statement.
Trump "made clear that the United States will continue to strengthen its ability to deter and defend itself and its allies with the full range of its military capabilities," the statement said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech)
LONDON, April 5 From the way Chelsea's players celebrated at the end of their hard-fought 2-1 win over Manchester City on Wednesday, it was clear that they believed they had taken a big step towards winning the Premier League title.
Gary Cahill and Pedro stripped to their shorts and flung their shirts into the crowd, punching the air as much in relief as in celebration.
For much of the top-of-the-table encounter, the runaway league leaders had been second best to City whose elegant passing and long spells of possession bore all the hallmarks of former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola.
Chelsea knew they needed a win to re-establish their grip on the title race after their shock 2-1 defeat at home to Crystal Palace on Saturday which raised the prospect of a last-minute wobble by this year's dominant force in the Premier League.
But far from set the agenda, the Londoners were forced to defend deep against City as David Silva, Kevin de Bruyne and Fernandinho dictated play for long spells.
"I am happy, it is a big win for us. It wasn't easy,” Chelsea coach Conte told reporters. “When you play against City it is normal to suffer in some part of the game. But I think we suffered as a team.”
As Chelsea battled to hold on to their slender lead, there were nervous murmurs from the home crowd when news arrived that second-placed Tottenham Hotspur had come from 1-0 down away to Swansea City to win 3-1.
City spurned chances for a late equaliser and Conte resorted to whipping up the crowd, demanding their vocal support for the team as they saw out the 90 minutes.
Chelsea remains seven points clear of Spurs with eight games to go, none of them against a team with a realistic chance of winning the title. The toughest challenges look like being trips to Manchester United and Everton. Spurs have yet to face North London rivals Arsenal as well as Manchester United.
Conte, who has steadfastly refused to talk up Chelsea's chances of winning the title despite their commanding lead at the top of the table, said they would be sticking to their approach of taking each game as a priority.
"The best way is to think that Tottenham could win eight games. For this reason, to win the title we need 18 points. I think this is the best way for us," Conte said. (Reporting by William Schomberg; Editing by Toby Davis)
(Repeats MARCH 31 story, no change to text)
* $30 million venture fund targets Palestinian startups
* Sadara Ventures has backed six firms so far, more in pipeline
* Palestinian entrepreneurs face extra obstacles to success
By Luke Baker and Tova Cohen
RAMALLAH, West Bank/TEL AVIV, March 31 The backstreets of Ramallah are a long way from Silicon Valley, but a niche venture capital fund is trying to narrow the gap with a focus on early-stage Palestinian tech startups.
With backing from Cisco, the Google Foundation, the European Investment Fund and others, Sadara Ventures is making gradual inroads in the West Bank, the Palestinian territory long occupied by Israel, financing six companies so far.
Launched in 2011 by Saed Nashef, a Palestinian-American who was a software engineer at Microsoft before setting up their own companies, and Yadin Kaufmann, an Israeli-American who helped pioneer venture capital in Israel, Sadara raised $30 million for its first fund and plans to invest it over 10 years. In a sign of confidence, a second fund is being considered.
"We're likely to raise another fund in the months ahead that would be larger than the existing one," said Kaufmann, adding that beyond the six firms backed so far, they and Nashef were looking at one or two others for the existing fund.
The biggest success at this stage is Freightos, an online marketplace for international shipping, which on March 29 raised a further $25 million from investors, including GE Ventures, and has seen orders double in the last quarter.
Freightos has offices in Jerusalem and Ramallah, where chief technology officer Fareed Qaddoura, previously a programming manager at Amazon, oversees around 70 R&D staff.
Other firms in Sadara's portfolio include Yamsafer, an online travel service focused on Arab-world clients, SoukTel, which provides digital communications to aid agencies and others working in hostile or hard-to-reach environments, and an Arabic-language medical consultancy called WebTeb.
For Nashef, who lives in Jerusalem and splits their time between the West Bank and the United States, there is no doubt Palestinians have the drive and ideas to succeed as entrepreneurs. The challenges lie elsewhere.
"The biggest obstacles they face are access and exposure," they said, referring to the ability to get out of the West Bank and learn from what is going on in the startup world in the United States or neighbouring Israel, where the venture capital and startup culture is well-funded and flourishing.
"That's an outcome of the political situation that cannot be ignored," they said, referring to Israel's occupation, which limits movement for Palestinians in and out of the West Bank and Gaza. "But also, it has to be said that Palestine is not exactly top of mind when people think of tech investment."
SLOW AND STEADY
As a result, Palestinian entrepreneurs need to have more grit and investors need to take more risks.
"When we started the fund, we made sure the limited partners were aware of the risks, that they shouldn't be looking for the standard VC returns they get in Silicon Valley," they said.
While those partners - who also include the Soros Economic Development Fund, AOL founder Steve Case's foundation and former eBay president Jeff Skoll's foundation - want to make money, they also think about what Nashef refers to as "the double bottom-line": earning a profit and having a social impact.
The companies Sadara has backed employ more than 200 people and have generated investment of $74 million, including Freightos' latest fund-raising round, which has a knock-on impact economically and is part of the process of building a "tech ecosystem" in the Palestinian territories.
While at a political level relation between the Palestinian territories and Israel remain fraught and at times violent, in terms of business and investment, there are daily low-level interactions, including among tech companies. Some Israeli firms employ Palestinian programmers, and Israeli-Arabs increasingly work in the tech sector.
Nashef acknowledges that in some respects the fund is behind projections -- it wanted to have invested in around 12 companies over five years -- but in other ways the landscape in the West Bank has been transformed since it started.
There are now four active funds, whether venture capital or private equity, scouting Palestinian tech investments, three or four "accelerators" and a total of 17 VC-backed startups. Six years ago, there was none of that.
Kaufmann points out that about 2,000 Palestinians graduate with IT degrees each year, but many go on to work for PalTel, the main telecoms company. The challenge is to create a pool of entrepreneurial talent and prevent it going abroad.
"The first generation of Palestinian startups are not pushing the envelope on technology innovation," they said. "The innovation is much more on the marketing side, adapting solutions that have been proven to work in other markets ... that's the low-hanging fruit."
Nashef agrees there is a need to walk before running.
"You can't import talent at scale, and domestically it will take a long time to build the necessary skills without the right startup culture and experience," they said. But they remain optimistic. "On both the financial and the impact side of the investment, I am positive," said Nashef.
The proof will be if they can achieve an "exit" -- growing a company to an IPO or finding someone who wants to buy it.
"What every VC aims for is exits," said Kaufmann. "We certainly hope and expect that among our portfolio there will be companies that have successful exits, more likely acquisitions rather than IPOs, in the near future."
Nashef put a 4-5 year timeline on it. "A Palestinian exit, that's what we're after. An end-to-end Palestinian story." (Writing by Luke Baker; editing by Giles Elgood)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, April 3 Latin American currencies seesawed on Monday as traders remained cautious amid lingering uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump's ability to make good on pledges of tax cuts and fiscal spending. New York and other states challenged the Trump administration for illegally blocking energy efficiency standards, casting further doubt on the strength of their political capital. Hopes that Trump's policies could lift U.S. economic growth have boosted demand this year for riskier assets, such as emerging market currencies. Trump is also set to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week in what the U.S. president has said would be "very difficult" as the United States could not risk massive trade deficits and job losses. The Mexican peso firmed 0.5 percent after weakening for two straight days, while the Brazilian real inched up 0.4 percent. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index fell 0.2 percent, tracking U.S. equity markets lower. Shares of meatpacker JBS SA dropped 1 percent after a federal court ordered Joesley Batista leave the boards of holding company J&F Participações SA. The decision is part of an ongoing corruption probe involving pension funds of state-controlled companies. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1550 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 963.25 0.51 11.14 MSCI LatAm 2646.46 1.35 11.55 Brazil Bovespa 64852.10 -0.2 7.68 Mexico IPC 48780.29 0.49 6.87 Chile IPSA 4791.85 0.18 15.43 Chile IGPA 24014.15 0.19 15.82 Argentina MerVal 20450.16 0.91 20.88 Colombia IGBC 10140.23 -0.1 0.12 Venezuela IBC 43917.80 0.09 38.52 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1185 0.36 4.19 Mexico peso 18.7220 0.52 10.80 Chile peso 658 0.33 1.93 Colombia peso 2863.68 0.33 4.81 Peru sol 3.247 0.03 5.14 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.4450 -0.32 2.78 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.95 0.19 5.45 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by David Gregorio)
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
WASHINGTON, March 31 Comcast Corp said Friday it would not sell customers' individual internet browsing information, days after the U.S. Congress approved legislation reversing Obama administration era internet privacy rules.
The bill would repeal regulations adopted in October by the Federal Communications Commission under the Obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc's Google or Facebook Inc.
The easing of restrictions has sparked growing anger on social media sites.
"We do not sell our broadband customers' individual web browsing history. We did not do it before the FCC's rules were adopted, and we have no plans to do so," said Gerard Lewis, Comcast's chief privacy officer.
They added Comcast is revising its privacy policy to make more clear that "we do not sell our customers' individual web browsing information to third parties."
Republicans in Congress on Tuesday narrowly passed the repeal of the privacy rules with no Democratic support and over the strong objections of privacy advocates.
The vote was a win for internet providers such as AT&T Inc , Comcast and Verizon Communications Inc. Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules.
The White House said Wednesday that President Donald Trump plans to sign the repeal of the rules, which had not taken effect.
Under the rules, internet providers would have needed to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children's information and web browsing history for advertising and marketing. Websites do not need the same affirmative consent.
Some in Congress suggested providers would begin selling personal data to the highest bidder, while others vowed to raise money to buy browsing histories of Republicans.
AT&T says in its privacy statement it "will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any purpose. Period." In a blog post Friday, AT&T said it would not change those policies after Trump signs the repeal.
Websites and internet service providers do use and sell aggregated customer data to advertisers. Republicans say the rules unfairly would give websites the ability to harvest more data than internet providers.
Trade group USTelecom CEO Jonathan Spalter said in an op-ed Friday for website Axios that individual "browser history is already being aggregated and sold to advertising networks - by virtually every site you visit on the internet." This week, 46 Senate Democrats urged Trump not to sign the bill, arguing most Americans "believe that their private information should be just that." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
FILE PHOTO - James Bullard, President of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S. on August 2, 2013. REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo
MELBOURNE St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard, in remarks set to be delivered Monday in Australia, repeated their view that the United States is in a low-growth, low-productivity regime likely to last for the foreseeable future and requiring no rush to raise interest rates.
Speaking in Australia, Bullard said any fiscal or tax changes under the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump are unlikely to influence the economic outlook until at least next year. In the meantime, they have said there is no reason to raise the Fed's target interest rate any further until growth moves into a higher gear.
(Reporting by Wayne Cole in Melbourne; Writing by Howard Schneider; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
LONDON, April 6 Unilever said on Thursday it will exit its shrinking spreads business, increase its margin targets, raise its dividend and review its dual-headed legal structure, as it aims to prove it can deliver near-term growth on its own, following its swift rejection in February of a takeover proposal by Kraft Heinz.
The pledges are the result of a business review at the Anglo Dutch consumer goods maker undertaken following the unsolicited $143 billion bid by the U.S. rival, which Unilever bluntly rejected.
Unilever, one of Europe's biggest blue-chip stocks, called the episode a "trigger moment" to assess its business, as the global packaged goods industry faces slowing growth and greater competition. (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Lutheran Health Network and Parkview Health announced the first babies born in their Allen County facilities in 2017.
Lutheran Health said Aviana was the first baby born in its facilities in 2017, arriving at 12:02 a.m. Sunday. Aviana is the first baby born in Allen County this year and the daughter of Kendra and Cody. They weighed 7 pounds and was 20 inches long at the time of birth.
Parkview Health announced a baby girl yet to be named was born at 4:50 a.m. Sunday at one of its Allen County facilities.  They are the daughter of Lindsey and Lee, weighing 7 pounds, 4.8 ounces.
For the safety and privacy of the babies and their parents, neither health system released additional information about the babies.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, March 31 London copper slipped on Friday but was set to finish a second quarter higher lifted by kinks in mine supply, while a ramp-up in China's factory activity and fresh investor buys are expected to drive prices higher in the April quarter. Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly five years in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy has gained momentum early this year, an official survey showed on Friday. "Long-term core numbers like these, especially in China, will underpin the global economy, and in turn could start to trigger the much-talked-about infrastructure projects, and thus, physical metals buying," Kingdom Futures said in a report. LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper was down 1.1 percent at $5893 a tonne, as of 0705 GMT, as immediate supply threats eased. But prices were on track for a 6.5-percent gain for the first quarter following a 14-percent rise in the fourth quarter of last year. SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper edged up by 0.6 percent to 47750 yuan ($6,931) a tonne. FREEPORT INDONESIA: Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit is close to reaching a deal that would allow the world's biggest publicly listed copper producer to temporarily resume concentrate exports, Indonesia's mining minister said on Thursday. WAGE TALKS: The failure of BHP Billiton and workers at its Escondida mine to agree on a wage deal after a long and bitter strike has stoked some concerns over the possible fate of other key contract talks at copper mines in Chile over the next year. FREEPORT PERU: Workers at Peru's biggest copper mine, Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Cerro Verde, will resume work on Friday after voting to end a nearly three-week strike that had halved output, the union said on Thursday. NICKEL: LME nickel was on track to fall more than 8 percent for the month, snuffing out year-to-date gains, and the biggest fall since an 11 pct drop in December, on prospects of rising Indonesian supply. INDONESIA: Indonesia's state-owned miner Aneka Tambang (Antam) has been granted an initial approval to export up to 2.7 million tonnes of nickel ore over the next 12 months, a mining ministry official said on Wednesday. MARKETS: Asian shares fell on Friday as investors balanced positions on the last day of the quarter. POLITICS: China called on the United States to play its part in resolving trade frictions between the two countries, and said Beijing isn't devaluing its currency to boost exports as tensions simmered ahead of President Xi Jinping's first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump. COMING UP: Euro zone Inflation flash Mar AT 0900 GMT BASE METALS PRICES 0710 GMT Three month LME copper Most active ShFE copper Three month LME aluminium Most active ShFE aluminium Three month LME zinc Most active ShFE zinc Three month LME lead Most active ShFE lead Three month LME nickel Most active ShFE nickel Three month LME tin Most active ShFE tin BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 428.8 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1792.52 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 295.98 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1759.43 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1536 ($1 = 6.8898 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Looks like Mayor Fred Eisenberger's puppy, Dash, will have a new friend to visit when they head to work with the mayor this summer. Pictured here is Ralph, the creation of the City of Hamilton's horticultural staff. The approximately 15-foot sculpture was developed using Carex buchananii (leatherleaf sedge), a sage grass native to New Zealand and grown in the city greenhouses this spring. The grasses were rooted into a frame created by local metal artist Trevor McInytre with the internal infrastructure designed and implemented by the horticultural staff. This includes soil and a watering system inside the sculpture to keep Ralph's "fur" healthy and growing throughout the hot summer. The whimsical garden's designs were initiated by Marcia Monaghan, superintendent of horticulture for the city. They say their inspiration came from seeing Mosaic Culture, a huge horticultural display in Ottawa last year. Monaghan says that despite all the significant dog references — including the mayor's dog, the OHL-winning Bulldogs and the fact that it is the Year of the Dog in Chinese culture — none of these were actually the inspiration for the sculpture. Monaghan says, "We just thought it would be fun." The gardens, which also include a huge butterfly, will be completed midday Friday.
PARIS The body in charge of France's TOP 14 rugby union club competition said on Monday it was taking legal action against the national rugby federation after the latter refused to approve new match dates for games cancelled due to an industrial dispute.
The National Rugby League (LNG) said in a statement it was seeking an emergency ruling to overturn the veto from the Federation Francaise de Rugby for the two matches: Montpelier versus Racing 92 and Castres Olympique versus Stade Francais.
They were initially supposed to be played on the weekend of March 17-18 but were postponed with LNG approval due to a dispute over a now-defunct plan to merge Racing and Stade, two rival Paris clubs.
The LNG said it had proposed dates in late April for the games but attempts to negotiate a solution with the FFR had gone nowhere. The FFR was not immediately available for comment.
It was not clear how standings in the TOP 14 would be affected if the matches were not played.
(This version of the story has been refiled to correct typographical error in final paragraph)
(Reporting by Brian Love; editing by John Stonestreet)
BRIEF-Cadila Healthcare says Zydus Cadila gets U.S. FDA approval for Acyclovir
* Says Zydus Cadila receives final approval from U.S. FDA for Acyclovir for Injection USP.
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Eric M. Johnson
SEATTLE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Elon Musk, the chief executive of Tesla Inc, has said little about how they plan to turn their prototype electric truck into reality.
But Reuters has learned that Tesla is collaborating with Anheuser-Busch, PepsiCo and United Parcel Service Inc to build on-site charging terminals at their facilities as part of the automaker's efforts to roll out the vehicle next year.
Details of the partnerships, which have not been disclosed previously, are still being hammered out, but include design and engineering from Tesla, the companies said. They declined to disclose what portion of the building costs, if any, Tesla would pay, or whether Tesla would be compensated for its work.
The firms are among nine major corporations that have placed pre-orders for Tesla's truck, dubbed the Semi.
With questions swirling over whether Tesla can make good on its aggressive timetable, news of the collaboration is a sign that corporate customers are taking the effort seriously, and that Tesla is working to solve one of the biggest impediments: keeping the big-rigs powered.
Companies that spoke with Reuters said the first step is to install charging equipment on their own premises. The Semis would be limited to routes that would get them back to home base before the batteries are spent, the firms said.
PepsiCo, which has reserved 100 Tesla trucks, said it may eventually explore sharing facilities and costs with other companies. The food conglomerate has held multiple meetings with Tesla to discuss the recharging effort, said PepsiCo executive Mike O‘Connell.
“We have a lot of in-house capability around energy and engineering ... and certainly Tesla brings their expertise to the table on energy and charging,” said O‘Connell, senior director of supply chain for Frito-Lay North America, PepsiCo's snack-food unit.
Separately, in a high-tech twist on the traditional truck stop, Tesla is moving ahead with plans for its own stations to sell electricity to truckers who pull up for a charge, according to customers and transportation industry executives who have discussed the matter with the Silicon Valley automaker.
Tesla already operates more than 1,100 “supercharger” stations globally for drivers of its passenger cars. Musk has spoken publicly of doing something similar for its heavy-duty trucks by installing a network of solar-powered “megachargers” that could juice up a Semi battery in 30 minutes.
But just how quickly Tesla could build a robust network of electric filling stations for commercial truckers is not clear. The company is already stretched thin and burning cash. Tesla has struggled to ramp up production of its new Model 3 sedan, which has been plagued by delays. Some analysts and trucking executives doubt that Tesla can deliver the Semi in 2019, much less a vast charging infrastructure to support it.
A Tesla spokesperson confirmed that the Fremont, California-based company is working closely with large customers to build Semi charging stations. They declined to comment further on the arrangements or Tesla's plans for its own truck-charging terminals.
Anheuser-Busch is evaluating installing its own charging equipment for its 40 Tesla Semis at large breweries and other key locations, according to James Sembrot, senior director of supply chain for the St. Louis-based beer maker.
“What was important to us was to make a big investment in this cutting-edge technology and secure our place in line,” Sembrot said.
UPS, too, expects to work closely with Tesla on building on-site charging stations, according to Scott Phillippi, global engineering director for the parcel delivery behemoth. The Atlanta-based company pre-ordered 125 Semis in December.
Grocery chain Loblaw Companies Ltd will likely use solar power to juice charging stations for the 25 Semis that it has pre-ordered from Tesla, according to spokesperson Catherine Thomas. They said Loblaw was considering Tesla as well as “a few other companies” for technology and design.
None of the companies would disclose cost estimates for building their own charging infrastructure.
U.S. transit agencies that operate electric buses provide some clues. A “fast charger” terminal serving six electric buses would cost $249,000, according to a 2016 report from the California Air Resources Board.
But analysts and automotive industry executives said the price tag for commercial truck facilities could easily reach into the millions of dollars, depending on factors such as the number of big-rigs to be recharged, the energy source for the electricity and existing energy infrastructure in a given area.
AUTOMAKER OR ENERGY SUPPLIER?
Tesla in November unveiled its prototype Semi with the aim of upending the trucking industry. At a splashy event in Hawthorne, California, Musk said the sleek, battery-powered cab could achieve up to 500 miles on a single charge, and be faster, cleaner and cheaper to operate than conventional diesels.
Base prices range from $150,000 to $200,000, according to Tesla's website, compared to $120,000 for a typical diesel. Companies including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Sysco Corp plunked down deposits, getting plenty of public relations mileage in the process.
But Tesla's most obvious potential customers - major U.S. trucking firms - have not jumped on board.
Werner Enterprises Inc, YRC Worldwide Inc, Daseke Inc and Old Dominion Freight Line are among the transport companies holding off pre-orders of the Tesla for now, citing doubts about the Semi's promised recharge time, range, price and payload capabilities.
Derek Leathers, chief executive of Werner, said they are not among the “naysayer crowd” that doubts Tesla's ability to produce a viable electric truck.
“I think it'll happen, I just think their timeline is extremely aggressive,” Leathers said.
Still, a dearth of publicly available charging infrastructure makes electrics impractical for long-haul trucking in the United States and elsewhere.
That is something Tesla's Musk has sought to address with their plans for solar-powered “megacharger” stations. But they have provided few specifics. At the November Semi unveiling, Musk said “we're guaranteeing” 7 cents per-kilowatt-hour price for electricity at the facilities.
That is at the low end of cost figures cited by the U.S. government. Solar power for commercial use costs 9-12 cents per kilowatt hour, or 6-8 cents with a federal subsidy, according to a 2017 report from the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
Customers and industry executives said Tesla intends to buy cheap excess solar power off the U.S. energy grid, store it in enormous battery banks, then profit from selling it to drivers of Semis.
But that strategy carries risks, experts said.
“It's a departure from being a vehicle manufacturer to being an energy supplier,” said Darren Gosbee, vice president of engineering at Navistar International Corp, which is working to launch an electric medium-duty truck by late 2019.
Ian Wright, a Tesla co-founder who now runs their own company making electric powertrains for industrial trucks, is skeptical that truck charging stations can be a big moneymaker for Tesla.
They estimated the capital costs for batteries alone would be $15 million for a single station.
“I am not seeing any profit in the energy brokering for Tesla,” said Wright, whose Wrightspeed powertrain venture is based in Alameda, California.
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
FILE PHOTO: Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka speaks during the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
PRAGUE Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka called an extraordinary news conference for 1.30 p.m. (1130 GMT) on Tuesday to address issues related to their rival Finance Minister Andrej Babis, Sobotka's spokesperson said.
Ahead of an election due in October, Sobotka has demanded the billionaire former business person Babis must explain their past financial dealings, including using legal loopholes to issue tax-free bonds.
Babis, who has denied any wrongdoing, said last week they believed Sobotka intended to sack him. They said they had no intention of resigning.
Babis's centrist ANO movement leads Sobotka's center-left Social Democrats by a double-digit margin in most opinion polls.
Dismissing Babis could threaten the three-party ruling coalition, but the cabinet may survive given the proximity of the election and strong opposition to Babis among some opposition parliamentary factions.
Dismissing ministers is officially up to the president, Milos Zeman, who is supposed to act upon the prime minister's request.
The constitution however gives no time frame, opening the possibility that the president, who has had good relations with Babis, may drag out the process.
(Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
* STOXX 600 up 0.6 pct, at fresh 16-month high
* U.S. investors returning to European equities
* Dialog Semi top faller for second day on Apple risk speculation
* Peer AMS gains on brokers' read-across
* Tesco drops as analysts point to weaknesses in results
By Helen Reid
LONDON, April 12 European shares rose on Wednesday, driven by gains in financial stocks and carmakers, as the first-quarter earnings season kicked off and a rise in the oil price underpinned energy stocks.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.6 percent by 0900 GMT, having hit a fresh 16-month high earlier. Britain's mid-caps hit a fresh record high at 19,412.43 points, up 0.5 percent.
Earnings improvements are drawing U.S. investors back to European equities after being net sellers for eleven consecutive months last year, UBS said in a note, highlighting accelerating inflows to European ETFs while U.S. ETFs see modest outflows.
Ahead of first-quarter results season, earnings are expected to increase 7.1 percent year-on-year, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Seven of the ten sectors should see an improvement in earnings relative to Q1 2016.
Auto stocks were the best performers, up 1.1 percent.
French auto parts manufacturer Faurecia gained 2.2 percent after it posted first-quarter sales up 10 percent to 4.23 billion euros. Deutsche Bank said strong results over consecutive semesters should feed through into a valuation which is one of the lowest in the sector.
German luxury carmaker Daimler gained 1.2 percent after it said first-quarter profits jumped 87 percent on strong Mercedes sales.
British aerospace and defence company Meggitt was a top riser after Bank of America Merrill Lynch upgraded the stock, citing an attractive cash growth story.
Norwegian fertilizer maker Yara was a top gainer after Goldman Sachs added the stock to its 'conviction list', raising it to a buy.
Dialog Semiconductor was the top European faller for a second day, down 3.9 percent. It fell 14 percent on Tuesday after an analyst report said its biggest client Apple could be seeking to ditch its power management supply (PMIC) in favour of creating the parts itself.
"Apple PMIC insourcing fears appear overdone for Dialog," said Deutsche Bank, reiterating a 'hold' rating on the stock.
Peer Austria Microsystem was a top-performing stock, up 5.5 percent. It had fallen 9.5 percent in the previous session on concerns around Apple suppliers.
Deutsche Bank analysts named AMS as one of their preferred stocks in the technology hardware sector. Several brokers said the weakness was a buying opportunity.
Britain's biggest retailer Tesco was a top faller, down 3.6 percent as analysts pointed to a few negatives in its full-year results, including slowdown in UK and Ireland margins.
April 13 Microsoft Corp:
* Says during the latter half of 2016, received a total number of 25,837 legal requests for customer information from law enforcement agencies
* Says the total number of requests from law enforcement for 2016 to 61,409, which is a decrease from 2015, when requests totaled 74,311
* Says 71 percent of law enforcement demands received in latter half of 2016 came from handful of countries, led by U.S., UK, France and Germany
* Says got 1,000-1,499 foreign intelligence surveillance act orders seeking content disclosures affecting 12,000-12,499 accounts for July-Dec 2016 period Source text: bit.ly/2nJt83o Further company coverage:
April 20 Cyient Ltd:
* Says "outlook for FY 18 is strong, backed by a strong pipeline and order backlog"
* Says DLM business is expected to grow in the range of 20% in FY 18
* Says expect to deliver a double digit earnings growth in FY 18
* Says margins are expected to improve by 50bps in FY 18
* Says outlook for transporation segment for FY18 and beyond continues to be positive Source text: bit.ly/2piLNTQ Further company coverage:
May 2 White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd :
* White mountains to vote in favor of Intact's acquisition of OneBeacon
* White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd - transaction is expected to close in q4 of 2017
* White mountains insurance group ltd - white mountains owns 75.7% of OneBeacon's outstanding common shares, representing 96.9% of voting power Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Centerpoint Energy Inc:
* Centerpoint Energy submits proposal to enhance and build electric transmission facilities to serve the growing petrochemical industry along the Texas Gulf Coast
* Centerpoint Energy- co expects to have proposed enhancements complete by summer 2019 and proposed new line is anticipated to be in service in 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
As the holiday road toll rose to 19, Assistant Commissioner Dave Cliff expressed their disappointment in road users who refuse to heed safety messages.
"The sad thing is that there's a small group of people who seem impervious to these messages about the basic need to wear a seatbelt, the need to slow down, not to drive after you're drinking alcohol, the things that all of us seem to take for granted," they said.
"Unfortunately they don't just kill themselves, they kill their passengers, they kill other innocent road users including cyclists and pedestrians."
Mr Cliff reminded members of the public of the importance of making sure everyone was belted in, as well as slowing down.
"What kills people in every crash is the impact speed," they said, urging people to give themselves more time to react to sudden events by slowing down.
They also said the deaths were only part of the wider picture of New Zealand road trauma.
"It's also the 3000 people who have been seriously injured in crashes last year."
A third person caught up in the Christmas Eve bus crash near Gisborne died, taking the holiday road toll to 19.
Tongan citizens Sione Taumololo, 11, and Talita Fifita, 33, died, after a bus carrying the Mailefihi Siu'ilikutapu College Brass Band from Tonga went down a 100m bank on SH2.
One of several injured passengers who was taken to Waikato Hospital has since died, police said today.
April 28 Thomson Reuters Corp
* Thomson Reuters reports first-quarter 2017 results
* Thomson Reuters Corp - re-affirmed its 2017 full-year outlook
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.63
* Q1 IFRS earnings per share $0.41
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.53, revenue view $2.80 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Thomson Reuters Corp - in 2017 expects low single-digit revenue growth, before currency
* Thomson Reuters Corp - in 2017 expects adjusted EBITDA margin to range between 28.8% to 29.8%, before currency
* Qtrly revenue $2.82 billion, up 2 percent before currency
* Thomson Reuters Corp - in 2017 expects adjusted EPS of $2.35, before currency
* Says Corporate & Other costs at adjusted EBITDA level were $35 million in quarter compared to $101 million
* Thomson Reuters Corp - F&R unit Q1 recurring revenue were up 2%, primarily due to annual price increase and positive net sales
* Qtrly revenue from Financial & Risk business $1.50 billion, up 1 percent before currency
* Qtrly revenue from legal business $824 million, up 1 percent before currency
* Quarterly dividend of $0.345 per share is payable on June 15, 2017 to common shareholders of record as of May 18, 2017
* Qtrly revenue from Tax & Accounting business $417 million, up 6 percent before currency
* Qtrly revenue from Corporate & Other (includes Reuters News) business $74 million, up 1 percent before currency
* Thomson Reuters CEO Jim Smith says encouraging to see investments made behind most promising growth opportunities beginning to shine through on revenue line
* Thomson sees 2017 free cash flow between $0.9 billion and $1.2 billion, before currency, reflecting Q4 2016 charge payments, pension contribution and sale of IP & Science business
* Says for full year, expects corporate costs, inclusive of depreciation and amortization of software, to be about $300 million
* FY2017 earnings per share view $2.34, revenue view $11.31 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Look at the BMG Chrysalis Master Model
If you are a frequent reader of this column, you know that I have strong opinions on signing to major label. Specifically, I'm adamantly against it (for many reasons) in most circumstances. Yet, in survey after survey, we see results that as many as 75% of independent musicians still want a major label record deal. I'm here to tell you that you will not get a record deal, and what's more, you do not want one. Further, many artists may not fully understand what a “record deal” actually is in today's music business, outside of the fairytale, back-of-the-club signings you've heard of.
So let's unpack what you really want and how to get there.
First, a “record deal” is no longer just about recording songs; in truth, it never was. Record deals are really about controlling copyrights, collecting and dispersing royalties, and exclusive distribution. There used to be “traditional” deals, where the full band was signed to a label, and then songwriters signed to publishers. Then there was the Promotion/Press and Distribution (P&D) deal, where a label would take your finished album, “press” it and release it while also marketing it to radio and retail outlets.
And then there is the rarified 360 deals. A very basic definition is of this deal is the record company, management, and subsidiary publisher end up controlling and taking a piece of the entirety of your revenue streams (recordings, publishing, licensing, touring, merchandise, public persona, story rights, etc.) all the way around… hence “360 (degrees).” As a music publisher and songwriter, I've been horrified by this money grab of increasingly more of your intellectual property for exploitation. The financial trade off is not beneficial in most cases, and this is all going to be a mess legally long-term.
Traditional deals, which basically bribed artists of their intellectual property with mismatched advances in exchange for hearing themselves on the radio, are basically gone; and good riddance, I say! 360s are really for mega pop stars who want to open nightclubs and launch clothing lines in addition to dance remixes. P&D deals were really hard to work, because you were stuck with a fixed album, and there was little participation in licensing and ancillary income.
For those who want to release great music, what is it that compels you to want a deal? It's resources. Money is part of that, but also being able to work with better people, experienced professional guidance, and some help with distribution and marketing.
When artists say they want a record deal, I'm fairly sure they do not mean that they would like to give up creative control of their image. Most likely they do not really want to be told where and when they can and can't play a live show, and for what minimum rate. I'm also betting they do not mean that they want to cede creative control over what songs make it to the studio, or what person produces them, or how they will be marketed.
What you really want is a Rights Management Deal.
Enter BMG Chrysalis (U.S.) and their Master Model. BMG has long been one of the top five music publishers in the world and, having worked with them on licensing, I can tell you they are technologically superior in tracking and royalty distribution. BMG is really an artists services company that is not as interested in breaking stars as they are in sustaining long careers.
The Master Model is a fresh spin on the old P&D deal. It's simple and fair. Rather than a takeover of rights, BMG offers the artist a partnership: The opportunity to construct a realistic budget for the release, which BMG bankrolls.
BMG CEO Hartwig Masuch recently said:
“Developing a strong catalog of master recordings has formed part of our plan since BMG was founded in 2008. We see a lot of opportunity in the market and are now accelerating our investment.”
BMG does not pay traditional advances to artists. Instead it agrees on a realistic project budget with the artist and releases money for manufacturing, marketing and promotion, which is then recouped according to the agreed revenue split. Every deal is different, but most of these splits have ranged from 70-75% to the artist, 20-25% to BMG, with the proviso that 75% of the agreed costs come out of the artist's share first. Those kinds of terms are unheard of in today's market.
Masuch added, “The beauty of our Masters Model is that because it is based on a mutually agreed upon budget with the artist, it can operate at virtually any level of sales.”
So stop with the record deal talk, that's so last century! Everybody knows Rights Management Deals are the new thing. Maybe you're next?
-Michael St. James is the founder and creative director of St. James Media, specializing in music licensing, publishing, production and artist development.
LONDON Britain aims to reach an agreement on its future relationship with the European Union within the two years set out under Article 50 of the bloc's Lisbon Treaty, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
"It is our aim to deliver a smooth and orderly Brexit, reaching an agreement about our future partnership by the time the two-year Article 50 process has concluded," May told parliament.
They said they hoped there would then be a "phased process of implementation" in which both sides prepare for the new arrangements.
May also acknowledged there would be consequences for Britain in leaving the bloc and said they wanted to forge the closest possible security relationship with the EU.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
(Updates John Menzies; Adds Glencore, Renova Energia SA)
March 31 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Friday:
** Brazil's renewable power generation company Renova Energia SA will finalize the sale of wind farm Alto Sertão II to the Brazilian unit of AES Corp for about 700 million reais ($223 million) as early as Monday, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said.
** Swiss-based trading and mining giant Glencore has agreed to sell a 51 percent stake in its oil products and logistics business for $775 million to China's HNA Innovation Finance Group Ltd, the company said.
** U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners and U.S. chipmaker Broadcom Ltd have offered Toshiba Corp about 2 trillion yen ($17.9 billion) for its chip unit, the Nikkei business daily reported.
** Johnson & Johnson declared its $30 billion tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful, reporting it controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period.
** Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce said it had raised its takeover offer for PrivateBancorp Inc by 20 percent to about $4.9 billion, after some of the Chicago-based lender's shareholders opposed an initial bid.
** Britain has sold a portfolio of mortgages issued by failed lender Bradford & Bingley for 11.8 billion pounds ($14.67 billion) to insurer Prudential and buyout firm Blackstone in one of the biggest deals of its kind.
** Dutch publicly owned utility Eneco said it would buy the Belgian gas and power retail operations of Italian oil and gas company Eni, the Dutch company's second regional renewable energy related deal this year.
** Bahrain-based Investcorp is studying the sale of Spanish ceramic glazes firm Esmalglass in a deal that could be worth close to 600 million euros ($640.68 million), three sources with knowledge of the deal said.
** Swiss-based commodities trading and mining giant Glencore is in advanced talks to sell a bundle of its global oil storage stakes, sources familiar with the matter said, following a boom period for storage companies.
** The purchase of Indian refiner Essar Oil by a consortium led by Russian oil company Rosneft has been delayed by a few weeks, the two sides said on Friday, because some Indian lenders to Essar have yet to sign off on the deal.
** Scottish firm John Menzies said it was in talks to sell its distribution arm in a reverse takeover deal with UK mail delivery firm DX Group, which DX's top shareholder said was a "bad" proposal.
** French food group Danone said it would sell its U.S. organic yoghurt business Stonyfield to facilitate the rapid completion of its $10.4 billion acquisition of U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave foods Co.
** Mail delivery firm DX Group Plc said it was talks to buy airport services and logistics group John Menzies' distribution division in a cash-and-stock deal.
** Fubon Financial Holding Co is planning to take a cash offer for its entire stake in Delta Lloyd from NN Group amid concerns about the outlook for the two Dutch insurers' merger.
** Investment company Pine Brook said it would buy Triumph Capital Advisors LLC, a credit investment firm that manages collateralized loan obligations, from Triumph Bancorp.
(Compiled by Laharee Chatterjee and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru)
April 5 Intercede Group Plc -
* Says revenues for year ending 31 March 2017 are expected to be between 8.2 million pounds and 8.4 million pounds Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Register today for Hillside Terrace's softball tournament event benefiting those facing Alzheimer's.
Contact
Trey Litz
***@hillsideterrace.net Trey Litz
End
-- Hillside Terrace Retirement Community presents "Striking Out Alzheimer's,"a Softball Tournament event on Saturday, June 9This tournament will honor the strength, passion and endurance of those facing Alzheimer's disease. From sunrise to sunset, Hillside Terrace's team will complete an activity of their choosing to raise awareness and funds for the care, support and research efforts of the Alzheimer's Association.To enter a softball team for the tournament, please donate $250 to Hillside's team page "Striking Out Alzheimer's"with your team name. The tournament will be held at Veteran's Memorial Park on 2150 Jackson Ave Ann Arbor, MI 48103 on Field 1 and Field 4 starting at 9am. The championship game will be held at 7pm.The deadline for team entries is Thursday, June 7th. The bracket drawing will be held at Buffalo Wild Wings in Ann Arbor with a manager meeting on Friday, June 8th at 7pm.To learn more, visit https://bit.ly/ 2qjAEjG :Located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, Hillside Terrace is a family owned Retirement Communitythat focuses on life enrichment in a nurturing and independent setting that stimulates the mind, body, and spirit. They understand the difficulty residents can have when searching for the right facility for http://hillsideterrace.net/ ), and have been in business long enough to understand both the big picture and the critical details.
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue past the White House during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Demonstrators gather with signs before a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
A giant puppet depicting Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Scott Pruitt is carried among demonstrators during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Thousands of demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Poilce and security personnel are deployed in front of the Trump International Hotel as demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
A man with a giant balloon of a sunflower tethered to themselves waits for the start of a march by demonstrators down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Men with cartoon suns wearing sunglasses on their backs stand with a 'RESIST' sign as they await the start of a march by demonstrators down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
A protester in a costume depicting Trump sets an Earth on a tee as they hold a golf club while joining demonstrators moving down Pennsylvania Avenue during a People's Climate March, to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's stance on the environment, in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Theiler
Protesters carry giant puppet of a great blue heron during the Peoples Climate March near the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters carry signs during the Peoples Climate March at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters carry signs during the Peoples Climate March near the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters carry signs during the Peoples Climate March at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
A protester carries a sign depicting the earth during the Peoples Climate March near the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters carry signs during the Peoples Climate March at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters carry signs during the Peoples Climate March in front of the statue of Lafayette at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
A protester dressed as U.S. President Donald Trump rally during the Peoples Climate March at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters carry signs during the Peoples Climate March in front of the statue of Lafayette at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Protesters dressed as the earth and U.S. President Donald Trump pretend to fight during the Peoples Climate March near the White House in Washington, U.S., April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Actor and activist Jane Fonda speaks to the crowd during the People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
Actor and activist Jane Fonda speaks to the crowd during the People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
California senate president pro tem Kevin de Leon, (L), and environmental activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. look out at the crowd during the People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
A group of indigenous dancers from the Anahuacalmecac School perform a spiritual ceremony to begin the People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
Demonstrators walk past an oil pump jack located in a residential area during People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
Demonstrators walk on the Pacific Coast highway during People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
Demonstrators walk on the Pacific Coast highway during People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
Demonstrators walk on the Pacific Coast highway during People's Climate March protest for the environment in the Wilmington neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen
WASHINGTON A sea of protesters swarmed in front of the White House on Saturday to voice displeasure with President Donald Trump's stance on the environment and demand that they rethink plans to reverse the climate change policies backed by their predecessor.
The Peoples Climate March, the culmination of a string of Earth Week protests that began with last Saturday's March for Science, coincides with Trump's 100th day in office, the end of the traditional "honeymoon" period for a new president.
As temperatures rose above 90 degrees Fahrenheit under hazy skies in the nation's capital, tens of thousands of people marched from the grounds of the U.S. Capitol and passed the White House en route to the Washington Monument for a rally.
Many of the protesters carried signs with slogans such as "The seas are rising and so are we" and "Don't be a fossil fool." As the procession passed the Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, marchers booed and chanted "shame."
“Enjoy the day, enjoy the weather,” Trump, speaking to reporters ahead of a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania commemorating their 100th day in office said when asked what they would tell those rallying on climate change.
While a good-natured mood prevailed and there were no signs of violence, many demonstrators said they were angered by the prospect of Trump carrying through on their vow to roll back protections put in place by their predecessor, Democrat Barack Obama.
"We're going to rise up and let them know that we're sick and tired of seeing our children die of asthma," said Rev. Leo Woodberry of Florence, South Carolina, who spoke during a press conference before the march. "We're sick and tired of seeing people with cancer because of coal ash ponds. We're sick and tired of seeing sea-level rise."
Trump's administration is considering withdrawing from the Paris Agreement, which more than 190 countries including the United States signed in hopes of curbing global warming. Trump has also proposed deep cuts for the Environmental Protection Agency and the elimination of many environmental regulations.
In their campaign, Trump called climate change a hoax. Last month they kept a promise to the coal industry by undoing climate-change rules put in place by Obama.
Tom McGettrick, 57, an electrical engineer who drove up from the Florida Keys to attend the march, said their main concern is the weakening of the EPA.
"Forty years of environmental protection has done wonders for the environment, especially in the Midwest," said McGettrick, who spent most of their life in Michigan.
"When I was a teenager and went to Lake Erie, it was one of the most polluted bodies of water in the country," they said. "Now when you go to Lake Erie it's really beautiful."
The Washington event, which coincided with Trump's 100-day milestone, followed an exclusive interview with Reuters in which the president reflected wistfully on their life as a billionaire real estate developer that they left behind after their Jan. 20 inauguration.
"This is more work than in my previous life," Trump told Reuters. "I thought it would be easier."
Saturday's march was part of an effort to build support for candidates with strong environmental records in the run-up to next year's midterm elections and the 2020 presidential race, organizers said.
"We're using this as a tactic to advance the strategy of building enough power to win on climate over the course of the long haul," said Paul Getsos, national coordinator for the Peoples Climate Movement. Sponsors of Saturday's events include labor unions, the Sierra Club and civil rights groups.
As a side theme, marchers will protest Trump's crackdown on illegal immigrants and other issues they have championed.
Since Trump's inauguration, there have been national protests focused on issues ranging from abortion rights to immigration and science policy.
Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian think tank, said the march would have little impact on the administration.
"The real decisions are made in this country in elections, and we have now a president and a House and a Senate that are determined to pursue a pro-energy agenda," they said by telephone.
Environmental activists believe public opinion is on their side. A Gallup poll this month showed 59 percent of Americans agreed environmental protection should take priority over increased U.S. energy production.
Dozens of "sister" marches are planned for other North America locales, from Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia, to Dutch Harbor in Alaska's Aleutian Islands. Overseas, about three dozen events range from a protest in Vienna to a tree-planting event in Zambia.
(Additional reporting by Patrick Rucker in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Writing by Frank McGurty; Editing by Franklin Paul, Bernard Orr)
(Refiles to correct formatting)
* Everton 0 Chelsea 3
* Calvert-Lewin hit post for Everton in the second minute
* Pedro's brilliant strike in the 66th minute put Chelsea in front
* Cahill from close range made it 2-0 after Hazard free kick parried out
* Substitutes Fabregas and Willian combined for third
* Win extends Chelsea's lead to seven points ahead of second-placed Spurs v Arsenal later on Sunday
* Everton are at Swansea on May 6, Chelsea host Middlesbrough on May 8
EVERTON 0 CHELSEA 3
April 30 Chelsea took a major step towards the Premier League title with an impressive 3-0 win over Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin struck the post for Everton in the second minute but Ronald Koeman's side struggled to create real openings and Chelsea ran away with it in the second half.
Pedro broke the deadlock in spectacular fashion, making some space for themselves and then beating Maarten Stekelenburg with a left-foot drive from 25 metres out that flew into the top corner.
Antonio Conte's side doubled their advantage when Stekelenburg could only parry out a low, diagonal free kick from Eden Hazard and captain Gary Cahill pounced to fire home the loose ball.
Two Chelsea substitutes combined for the third goal, four minutes from the end, when Cesc Fabregas slipped the ball to Willian for a simple close-range conversion.
Chelsea now have a seven-point lead ahead of second-placed Tottenham's North London derby against Arsenal later on Sunday. (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Clare Fallon)
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Some three decades after KKR's Henry Kravis was called a barbarian, they have encountered one at their own gate. Jeff Ubben, whose ValueAct just disclosed an interest in the buyout shop, is usually friendlier in their approach with the companies in which they invest than the term might suggest. Even so, there's a chance things could get testy.
Mason Morfit, president of Ubben's $16 billion activist investing firm, said on Thursday that they see plenty of upsides for KKR, whose funds own stakes in companies including First Data, GoDaddy, Toys R Us and Lyft. They reckon the firm's traded units are undervalued by half.
Ubben also is considered politer than many of their aggressive ilk. With an interest of less than 5 percent, they aren't required to say if they plan to make suggestions about how KKR should run its business differently or if it's just a passive holding. And the firm's partnership structure insulates Kravis and their colleagues from being pushed around anyway.
Bullish perspectives like Morfit's have fallen on deaf ears for a long time, though. Blackstone boss Steve Schwarzman last week suggested that if their firm's units were valued the same way as a typical S&P 500 Index company's shares based on dividend yield, they would be trading at $100 each instead of $30.
One reason Blackstone, KKR and others aren't analyzed like most other big public companies, however, is because of complex structures that are designed to help minimize taxes and keep founders and employees in control. Turning these partnerships into more typical corporations – something discussed off and on for years and possibly of interest to Ubben, according to a Bloomberg report – probably would invite new investors and higher valuations.
A sharply reduced business tax rate, as proposed by President Donald Trump, could revive the idea. A company's income would be taxed at a far lower rate than the personal one many investors pay now on the profit "passed through" by KKR and others. Citigroup analyst William Katz last year estimated that while KKR's earnings would fall by nearly a fifth at a 22.5 percent tax rate, the firm also should trade at a notably higher valuation.
That's no certainty, however. And once a publicly traded partnership converts it cannot easily go back. Any discussions between Ubben and Kravis may remain cordial only for so long.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Above is Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi vs. Adam Page and Cody from Sakura Genesis in April. Cody gets the roll-up (with the tights) on Ibushi for the victory.
- ROH's latest "5 Count" looked at the biggest stories in 2018 so far. The group includes: Bully Ray going from enforcer to menace, Sumie Sakai crowded as the first WOH Champion, Bullet Club having issues, Jay Lethal ends Dalton Castle's reign, and Supercard of Honor setting attendance record/HonorClub launches.
See Also Tenille Dashwood On Who From WWE She'd Like To See In The ROH Women Of Honor Division
- At ROH Honor Re-United there will be a ROH International Cup (US vs. UK) and the first two entrants have been announced. First to be announced was Jimmy Havoc and Joe Henry.
FILE PHOTO: A Chinese 100 yuan banknote is placed under a $100 banknote (top) in this photo illustration taken in Beijing in this November 7, 2010 file photo. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic/File Photo
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump looks unlikely to formally declare China a currency manipulator next week just days after meeting Chinese President Xi Jinping, foreign exchange policy experts say, leaving a vocal Trump campaign pledge unmet, at least for now.
The U.S. Treasury would have to radically change its definitions of currency manipulation in order to squeeze China into that label for its next report due April 14, said these experts, several of whom contributed to past Treasury analysis of foreign exchange practices.
But over time, the Trump administration may consider changes to the Obama administration's currency definitions as the Treasury gains staff.
"It would be hard to come up with a credible standard that would catch China in the net," said David Dollar, a former U.S. Treasury economic liaison to China who is now a senior fellow at the Washington-based Brookings Institution.
Trump pledged to label China a currency manipulator on the first day of their administration, but so far has refrained.
A trade and customs enforcement law enacted last year set out three criteria for identifying manipulation among major trading partners: a "material" global current account surplus, a "significant" bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and persistent one-way intervention in foreign exchange markets.
The Treasury is required to demand special talks with any country meeting all three thresholds aimed at correcting an undervalued currency, with penalties such as exclusion from U.S. government procurement contracts available after a year.
Under the current Obama-defined thresholds, China only meets one of these criteria, based on its $347 billion goods trade surplus with the United States. Its central bank has for the past two years spent over $1 trillion to prop up the yuan's value, not to push it down. China's current account surplus, an indicator of its global trade balance, was 1.8 percent of GDP in 2016, well below the threshold for action.
The U.S. Treasury says it is "premature" to comment on the outcome of its currency review and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin has said it will adhere to past practise in its assessment, suggesting that radical changes will not be made in this publication.
"The conclusion among people like me from that seems to be that they're moving away from naming China," said Matthew Goodman, former Treasury official who wrote currency reports during the Clinton administration and is now at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies.
But with the Trump administration pushing a trade agenda aimed at reducing U.S. trade deficits, particularly those with China, experts said that they expect the Trump administration to consider changes aimed at deterring future manipulations.
Treasury will be in a much better position to make such changes for its October currency report, said Derek Scissors, a resident scholar and China trade expert at the American Enterprise Institute.
"I would be very surprised if a year from now the Obama criteria were still in place," Scissors said.
The most logical option would be to lengthen the period for reviewing currency market interventions from 12 months to several years, capturing more past interventions by China, according to the policy experts.
One senior South Korean official told Reuters that doing this would likely lead to manipulator designations for South Korea, Taiwan and possibly other countries.
Treasury also could reduce the current account surplus threshold below 3 percent of gross domestic product to try to capture more potential offenders, but that would be at odds with longstanding views of the International Monetary Fund and G20 finance officials that 3 percent of GDP is about where surpluses start to become a concern.
Currency Manipulation Graphic: here
(Reporting by David Lawder; Additional reporting by Christine Kim in Seoul; Editing by David Chance, Grant McCool and James Dalgleish)
NEW YORK, April 6 A spike in first-quarter US syndicated loan refinancing activity helped to sharply boost underwriting fees for arranging banks, even though the deals typically pay lower fees than new loans, according to Freeman Consulting Services.
Issuance was dominated by companies rushing to lock in low borrowing costs before interest rates rise, as US mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity was stifled by a lack of detail about planned Trump administration tax and trade policy changes.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates in March, hard on the heels of its December 2016 increase, and is signaling two more hikes this year.
“There's so much refinancing and repricing that it's still creating quite a large fee pool,” said Jeff Nassof, a director at Freeman Consulting.
Fees of about US$2.9bn paid to banks arranging US leveraged loans in the first quarter were 116% higher than a year earlier and were the highest first quarter earnings since 2000, Freeman data shows.
This spurt helped offset a 10% drop in fees earned on US investment-grade loans, and contributed to a sharp jump in total US investment banking fees in the first quarter from a year earlier.
“Refinancing and repricing does pay lower fees, but it's the sheer scope of this activity,” Nassof said.
Refinancing loans totaled US$409bn and accounted for three quarters of all US first quarter syndicated lending, according to Thomson Reuters LPC.
Fees on business including M&A advisory, equity and bond underwriting as well as syndicated loan arrangement leaped 39% in the first three months of the year from the same period last year to about US$11.6bn, according to Freeman Consulting.
TAX AND TRADE
While refinancing is keeping loan volume high, new lending is taking a backseat pending progress on President Trump's vows to overhaul US tax and trade policies.
The administration's inability to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, late in the quarter raised concerns about its other plans and helped to keep new-money lending subdued, said bankers and investors.
“People will move on the M&A side as it grows more certain either way: either Trump starts getting their agenda done, and as such it's predictable, or Trump doesn't get their agenda done at all, and as such it's status quo,” a senior banker said.
Many corporations are awaiting details of potential changes including the first tax holiday in more than a decade, which could encourage companies to bring offshore cash back to the US at lower tax rates, as well as altered international trade agreements.
“If you're a CEO of a company and you don't know what's happening with the trade agenda, how are you going to buy a company that has significant operations in Mexico?”, the banker said. “You're not.” (Reporting by Lynn Adler; Editing By Tessa Walsh)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
COLOMBO, March 31 The Sri Lankan rupee ended stronger on Friday, helped by inward remittances and selling of the greenback by exporters ahead of the festival season, but the gains were capped by dollar demand from a foreign bank in late trade, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards ending at 152.45/50 per dollar, compared with Thursday's close of 152.55/65.
"There were a lot of conversions by exporters ... maybe to pay the salaries and bonuses. The (inward) remittance flow was also high," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
"In the latter part of the day a foreign bank bought dollars, maybe for repatriation of corporate profits due to the end of the quarter."
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14, dealers said.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70. It had raised the reference rate by 25 cents on March 20.
The central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months on March 24, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move that was also aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that has been hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22, but they have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year. ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
A New Zealand family is in mourning after a 2-year-old girl drowned in their backyard pool in Macquarie Fields.
Vera Peacock's uncle, who only wished to be known as Jason, said the entire family was devastated.
"She is everything to us and though she's gone now they will forever be in our hearts and minds," they said in an emotional tribute to little Vera.
"We love you always."
Macquarie Fields acting Superintendent Mark Brett said Vera was missing for some minutes before they were found unconscious in the pool just after 6pm on New Year's Day.
They said the below-ground pool was fenced and police were investigating if the gate had been left open.
"We are unsure how the child got into the pool area, there are a number of varying reports. At this stage the child was not seen for a while and we need to work our way through it to establish what the correct facts are," Acting Superintendent Brett said.
They warned parents to watch their children closely during family events at this time of year.
"Please parent be vigilant with your children. There are a lot of people meeting for the first time in a long time it is very easy to become distracted with lots of people around. Be particularly vigilant when it comes to young children especially where there is a pool in the area.
Continued below.
Related Content New Zealand family mourns loss of toddler who drowns in backyard pool in Macquarie Fields Christchurch police seek two young men after parked bus driver robbed in New Brighton Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council
"Don't assume you know where they are, be sure you know where they are."
Throughout the day there was a steady stream of neighbours, friends and relatives that visited the house carrying flowers and food.
Heartbroken family members have gathered at the home on Atchison Rd as they decide whether to have a traditional Maori funeral.
The girl and their mother, who did not live at the address, were celebrating the new year with family when tragedy struck.
It's believed the family had only lived at the property for less than a year but the child was frequently seen at the home.
- news.com.au
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cit Group Inc:
* CIT GROUP SAYS ON FEB 1, RECEIVED NON-OBJECTION FROM FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF NEW YORK TO AMENDMENT TO 2017 CAPITAL PLAN DATED APRIL 5, 2017
* CIT GROUP SAYS AMENDED CAPITAL PLAN INCLUDES ISSUANCE OF UP TO $400 MILLION IN TIER 2 QUALIFYING SUBORDINATED DEBT - SEC FILING
* CIT GROUP - AMENDED CAPITAL PLAN ALSO INCLUDES INCREASE IN COMMON EQUITY DISTRIBUTION OF UP TO $800 MILLION FOR THE REMAINDER OF Q4 PERIOD Source text: (bit.ly/2FCN9Ni) Further company coverage:
Something to look forward to: Samsung has announced it has started mass production of the world's first 32GB DDR4 memory designed for gaming laptops. Designed in the SoDIMM form factor and based on the 10nm-class process, the new modules bring a slew of benefits to portable gaming machines, including higher capacities, faster speeds, and more energy efficiency.
The modules double the capacity of Samsung's 16GB SoDIMMs based on 20nm-class 8-gigabit DDR4 that were introduced back in 2014, making them 11 percent faster and 39 percent more energy efficient.
Samsung says the 32GB SoDIMMs are made up of sixteen of its newest 16Gb DRAM chips to create a double-sided RAM module with eight chips mounted on the front and back, allowing gaming laptops to reach speeds of 2,666Mbps—an increase over the previous top SoDIMM speed of 2,400Mbps.
Power consumption—often one of the biggest issues when it comes to gaming noteboks—is also improved. Samsung claims that a 64GB laptop containing two of its 32GB modules consumes less than 4.6 watts in active mode and less than 1.4W when idle, which is a reduction in power usage compared to gaming-focused laptops equipped with 16GB modules.
“Samsung's 32GB DDR4 DRAM modules will deliver gaming experiences on laptops more powerful and immersive than ever before,” said Sewon Chun, senior vice president of memory marketing at Samsung Electronics. “We will continue to provide the most advanced DRAM portfolios with enhanced speed and capacity for all key market segments including premium laptops and desktops.”
Samsung didn't reveal any prices for its new SoDIMMs. It said the company is aggressively expanding its 10nm-class DRAM lineup, which includes 16Gb LPDDR4, 16Gb GDDR5, and 16Gb DDR4 for the mobile, graphics, PC, and server markets.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has slammed the United States' “sheer hypocrisy” for seeking to stop Iran's defensive missile program while flooding the Middle East region with all kinds of weapons.
Taking to their official Twitter account on Monday, Zarif said the pressure put on Iran by the West to dismantle its missile program comes at a time when the US and major European countries encourage their allies in the Middle East to buy more weapons.
"Customer Service' pledge by US/E3 arms producers: Buy our weapons & our governments will provide after-sales support by pressuring your neighbor to dismantle its defenses,” they said.
They added that Washington and its European allies are whining about Iran's defensive missile program while pouring hundreds of billions of dollars of arms into the region.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on December 14 appeared in a staged show in front of a large and charred tube that they claimed was "concrete evidence" that Iran was providing missiles to Yemeni forces fighting against Saudi Arabia's war of aggression on their country.
Responding to Haley's allegation, Iran's UN mission categorically dismissed as "unfounded" their claim that a missile fired at Saudi Arabia from Yemen was supplied by the Islamic Republic.
On November 4, a missile fired from Yemen targeted the King Khalid International Airport near Riyadh, reaching the Saudi capital for the first time.
The Houthi movement, which has been fighting back a Saudi aggression, said it had fired the missile but the Riyadh regime was quick to point the finger at Iran.
Tehran rejected the allegations as “provocative and baseless,” saying the Yemenis had shown an “independent” reaction to the Saudi bombing campaign on their country.
The chief commander of Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) in January dismissed the allegations leveled by the US and its allies about the Islamic Republic's provision of missiles to Yemeni forces.
"Missiles fired at Saudi Arabia belong to Yemen which have been overhauled and their range have been increased," Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari said.
Later in February, Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi once again rejected the missile allegations against the Islamic Republic, saying such claims are lies and a foolish scenario.
"Iran's missile program is for defensive and deterrent [purposes] and claims about the dispatch of missiles to Yemen despite the all-out blockade on this country are lies and a foolish scenario designed to exonerate the aggressors," Qassemi said.
About 14,000 people have been killed since the onset of Saudi Arabia's military campaign against Yemen in March 2015. Much of the Arabian Peninsula country's infrastructure, including hospitals, schools and factories, has been reduced to rubble due to the war.
SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp's announcement of a suite of new education products on Tuesday shows the company's determination to reverse a major shift that has taken place in U.S. classrooms in recent years: for most educators and school districts, Google's Chromebook is now the computer of choice.
The Chromebook has gone from a standing start in 2011 to wild popularity in the market for education technology, which tech companies have traditionally viewed as a critical way to win over the next generation of users.
In 2016, mobile devices running Alphabet Inc's Google's Chrome operating system accounted for 58 percent of the U.S. market for primary and secondary schools, according to Futuresource Consulting.
The Microsoft products introduced Tuesday, including a new version of its Windows operating system, software to boost collaboration among students and a new Surface laptop, clearly show the influence of the Chromebook, industry watchers say.
“The success of the Chromebook has awakened sleeping giants,” said Tyler Bosmeny, CEO of Clever, an education technology company. “There's so much investment into the space – it's unlike anything I've ever seen.”
For years after the release of the Chromebook in 2011, Apple Inc and Microsoft stuck to their strategies of offering slightly modified and discounted versions of their products for educators.
But the Chromebook's low price--it starts at $149-- and easy management proved irresistible to many schools. Google also saw a key chance to expand its market share several years ago with the approach of an online testing mandate in the United States.
To capitalize on the opportunity, the company created a “test mode,” which restricts access to the rest of the web while students complete assessments, said Rajen Sheth, a senior director of product management at Google.
The preparations paid off: Sales of the Chromebook jumped tenfold between 2012 and 2013, Sheth said.
While Google manufactures some Chromebooks, the devices aimed at the education market are supplied by partners such as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Acer Inc. The operating system is free for educators and hardware manufacturers, and Google sells schools an education package including device management and support for a $30 fee.
For Microsoft, Tuesday's event was the culmination of a campaign to emulate key aspects of the Chromebook strategy, said Mike Fisher, associate director for the education division at Futuresource Consulting.
Microsoft's hardware partners are now selling hybrid tablet-laptop devices based on the Surface design starting at $189. Microsoft executives boasted that the operating system announced Tuesday boots up rapidly, a hallmark of the Chromebook.
The company also introduced a new code-builder addition to its Minecraft education edition to help students learn coding skills through the popular game.
For Microsoft, the test will be how easily it can explain its offering to educators, Fisher said.
“The Google education ecosystem is quite straightforward," they said. "With Microsoft, there are a lot of moving parts."
Microsoft declined to comment.
Apple, for its part, has lowered the price of the iPad to $299 for education customers and made it possible for students to share devices, in addition to simplifying management.
“It's about trying to reach every teacher and every student,” said Susan Prescott, a vice president of product management and marketing at Apple.
Despite Google's U.S. dominance, its position is weaker in classrooms overseas, where many markets have not yet seen an impetus to embrace technology en masse, said Fisher of Futuresource Consulting.
In 2016, devices running Android and Chrome made up 23 percent of the mobile market outside the United States, compared with 65 percent for Microsoft's Windows, according to Futuresource.
(Reporting by Julia Love in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker)
April 20 Blackstone Group Lp :
* Total assets under management grew to a record $368.2 billion at quarter end; increased 7 pct year-over-year
* Q1 net income per common unit $0.69
* Says economic net income was $986 million ($0.82/unit) in the quarter
* Gross inflows were $14.0 billion in the quarter, bringing LTM inflows to $66.5 billion
* Q1 GAAP total revenue $1,940.7 million versus $932.4 million
* Declared a first quarter distribution of $0.87 per common unit payable on May 8, 2017
* Distributable earnings was $1.02/unit in the quarter Source text - (bit.ly/2oNV70t) Further company coverage:
PARIS Brexit could have a positive effect on the UK business of French utility Suez (SEVI.PA) as it could benefit Suez's waste management activities in Britain, a leading Suez executive said on Thursday.
Jean-Marc Boursier, joint chief executive for Suez's European recycling and recovery business, said Britain would look to handle more of its waste management within the UK post-Brexit, which could boost Suez's business in that area.
"We are convinced it should lead to more opportunities for Suez in the years to come, which should allow us to continue to increase our footprint in the UK, and we will look to build some fine factories in the coming years," Boursier told Reuters.
Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the European Union on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown.
"Speaking as a citizen who is committed to this continent, I regret their decision, but speaking as a Suez manager, it will no doubt have a positive impact on our business in Great Britain," added Boursier.
Earlier this month, Suez sealed a 3.2 billion euro (2.77 billion pounds) acquisition of GE Water from General Electric (GE.N), in a deal which the company hopes will help to offset pressure on its margins in Europe.
(Reporting by Benjamin Mallet; Writing by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Adrian Croft)
* CSI300 -0.7 pct, SSEC -0.3 pct; HSI -0.5 pct, HSCE -0.3 pct
* Risk appetite still soured
* Asset managers trim equity exposure
* President Xi's speech signals ongoing tightening
SHANGHAI, April 28 China's main stock indexes fell on Friday and looked set for their third straight weekly loss on fears that regulators will step up their latest crackdown on riskier types of financing and speculation.
While China's regulatory enforcement sprees have tended to wax and wane in the past, investors fear there may be no let up in the latest campaign after President Xi Jinping made a rare speech this week on financial stability.
Xi called on Tuesday for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security, the official Xinhua news agency said.
"We think it sends an important signal to support the ongoing tightening of financial regulation and enforcement," Citi wrote in a recent note.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.7 percent to 3,423.68 points by the midday break, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent to 3,141.55.
The CSI300 looked set for a loss of 1.2 percent on the week and the SSEC around 1 percent.
Sustained efforts by authorities to encourage or force more deleveraging in the system could tighten liquidity and sour investors' sentiment further, said Zhang Gang, an analyst with China Central Securities, while adding they did not see further substantial losses.
China watchers have generally expected another modest increase in short-term interest rates by the central bank around June, but see no aggressive tightening moves ahead of a major leadership transition later in the year.
Still, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) and other regulators have ramped up the pressure on a number of fronts as they look to contain financial risks after years of debt-fueled stimulus.
The PBOC has drained 815 billion yuan ($118.18 billion) on a net basis from money markets via open market operations so far this year, but has still stepped in and injected funds from time to time when markets appeared to be growing too stressed.
"The decline in the second half of April was driven more by soured sentiment, as speculative money suffered setbacks. It could take time for the market to recover," a South China-based fund manager pointed out.
Main sectors fell across the board on Friday, with losses led by the consumer sector, which posted a 3 percent loss as investors took profits after a strong rally.
Liquor maker Jiangsu Yanghe Brewery dived as much as 10 percent to a 10-week low, poised for its worst day since August, 2015.
In Hong Kong, stocks slipped as investors took profits.
The Hang Seng index fell 0.5 percent to 24,588.27, though still looked set to end the week 2.3 percent higher.
The China Enterprises Index lost 0.3 percent, to 10,234.95. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
April 10Tangel Publishing Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 455 percent to 484 percent, or to be 58 million yuan to 61 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (10.4 million yuan)
* Says increased consolidation scope as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/z57HMq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
April 10 Sprott Inc:
* Sprott to sell Canadian diversified assets to management-led group
* Sprott Inc - deal for for approximately $46 million
* Sprott Inc - deal for approximately $46 million
* Sprott Inc - deal for for approximately $46 million
* Sprott Inc - Sprott is realigning resources to focus on company's core competencies in precious metals, natural resources and real assets
* Sprott Inc says SAM transaction is not expected to have any material impact on business, operations or affairs of included funds
* Sprott Inc - Sprott intends to make a normal course issuer bid to purchase up to 5 pct of issued and outstanding common shares of company
* Sprott Inc- Sprott's headcount will be reduced by 50 pct to approximately 100 employees.
* Sprott Inc - upon closing of SAM transaction, buyer will become investment fund manager and portfolio manager of included funds
* Sprott Inc - Sprott will retain all management contracts for its exchange-listed products business
* Sprott Inc - will sell management agreements related to investment funds listed in attached schedule a and accounts together totaling $3.0 billion in AUM
* Sprott Inc - entire team managing Sprott physical trusts and etfs will remain intact
* Sprott - after giving effect to deal, Sprott will feature 7.5 billion in AUM, including sub-advisory agreements for $865 million in precious metals strategies
* Sprott - to sell its Canadian diversified assets to management group led by John Wilson, CEO of Sprott Asset Management, James Fox, president of SAM Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ZAGREB, April 3 Domestic suppliers owed some 16 billion kunas ($2.29 billion) by Croatia's Agrokor have asked the government to facilitate the unfreezing of the indebted food producer and distributor's accounts.
Agrokor is the biggest Croatian private firm and the largest employer in the Balkans with some 60,000 workers. It operates largely in Croatia, Bosnia, Slovenia and Serbia and during its rapid expansion it built up debts of about 45 billion kunas, or six times its equity.
A group of local suppliers owed funds by Agrokor's retail chain met with Croatia's prime minister on Monday. Accounts of some of the companies owned by Agrokor have been frozen due to unpaid obligations towards suppliers and the state, including taxes.
Agrokor and six banks on Sunday signed a repayment freeze agreement which is aimed at injecting fresh liquidity into the company and imposing new management whose task will be restructuring its debt and overall business.
"We support the standstill agreement, but to join it we've yet to define some details (with the banks). Still, we think we need a faster (institutional) framework to resolve Agrokor's account freeze and guarantee future payments to suppliers," said Josip Budimir from the coffee producer Franck on behalf of Agrokor's suppliers.
The government has proposed a law to shield the economy from the failure of large companies which is expected to be approved by parliament later this week.
Budimir said they believed the law could help suppliers secure their financial demands.
"I do expect to see concrete moves after today's meeting," said Denis Matijevic of Agrofructus, one of Agrokor's suppliers. "It is always good to have the state as mediator, but it should not interfere directly."
Agrokor's creditors include Russia's Sberbank and VTB Bank as well as the Croatian units of Austria's Erste Bank and Raiffeisenbank.
Other creditors include Privredna Banka Zagreb, owned by Italy's Intesa Sanpaolo, and Zagrebacka banka, owned by Italy's UniCredit.
The standstill deal signed between Agrokor management and creditors envisages appointment of a chief restructuring officer and independent experts to fill top management roles.
Analysts believe that Agrokor's restructuring, which is expected to take months, is likely to lead eventually towards the sale of some assets.
"Also, some jobs may disappear, but what matters now is to keep confidence among all the stakeholders, without any individual or uncoordinated actions. Agrokor will not suffer because of lack of money, but may suffer because of lack of trust," said business consultant Milan Racic.
($1 = 6.9787 kuna) (Reporting by Igor Ilic; editing by Ivana Sekularac and Jason Neely)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen on a counter of a branch of a commercial bank in Beijing, China, March 30, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
SHANGHAI U.S. President Donald Trump may have decided not to declare China a currency manipulator, an acceptance of the difficulty of making such a charge stick, but that doesn't mean Beijing is off the hook.
Trump's pre-empting of the Treasury Department's semi-annual report on such matters undoubtedly eased some concerns of an imminent trade war with China, but Washington has already opened up new fronts to target its large trade deficit with Beijing.
"We are definitely not out of the woods in the bigger scheme of things," said Louis Kuijs of Oxford Economics in Hong Kong. "Currency is one thing, but I do think that they have not given up. On the contrary, they will be looking at ways to take steps."
Trump cast the decision not to pin the manipulator label on China as a possible quid pro quo, suggesting it might make Beijing more inclined to help resolve an escalating row with North Korea over its nuclear weapons programme. It was also an acknowledgement, however, that Beijing had not recently intervened to weaken its currency.
The move was expected to help foster the friendlier tone between the world's top two economies since Trump hosted President Xi Jinping in Florida last week.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang on Thursday reiterated China's pledge to avoid competitive devaluations to support exports, adding: "We are willing to expand cooperation in a push for the development of a balanced trade relationship with the United States."
On Thursday, the yuan hit a two-week high after Trump's remarks, in which they also said the U.S. dollar was too strong.
At the previous Treasury review in October, under the Obama administration, China only met one of the three criteria used to determine currency manipulation, and that was the size of its trade surplus with the United States.
Three other Asian economies - Japan, South Korea and Taiwan - met two of the criteria, and the view seemed to be that while currency manipulation charges may not stick now, the U.S. would still be tackling what it saw as trade imbalances.
"There is no change in our stance that the likelihood of us getting that label is low, but we won't be lowering our guards," Bank of Korea governor Lee Ju-yeol said on Thursday, after their board held monetary policy steady.
"The ultimate aim of putting one under 'enhanced analysis' using the currency report is to reduce the trade deficit for the U.S., so they might assess valuation of each currency based on that," they added.
Figures on Thursday showed China's trade surplus with the United States was $49.6 billion in the first quarter of 2017, little changed from $50.6 billion a year earlier.
OTHER FRONTS
On the campaign trail Trump had pledged to immediately label China a currency manipulator, and they remained critical once in office, but the backdown is unlikely to be a sign of any slackening in their resolve to shrink the trade deficit.
Last month, the U.S. Commerce Department launched a review of whether China should be allowed the status of a 'market economy', which under World Trade Organization rules would constrain other countries from taking anti-dumping measures against some Chinese imports. The department is also studying trade abuses and their effect on U.S. trade deficits.
The U.S. Trade Representative's office, controlled by the White House, criticised Beijing on a range of trade issues from industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and long-standing bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services.
Jonas Short, with the research firm North Square Blue Oak Ltd in Beijing, said Trump could easily flip back to a more hostile stance if their popularity wanes among the supporters they fired up on the campaign trail by, in part, bashing China.
Analysts have also suggested that once the Treasury Department is staffed up by the new administration, it could re-think the three criteria of currency manipulation that now guide its semi-annual process. The results of the next review are due out in six months.
"There are demons below the surface and, given the unpredictable start of the Trump administration, it's very hard to see what will happen come October," Short said.
For a graphic on U.S. currency manipulation report, click - here
(Additional reporting by Cynthia Kim in Seoul; Reporting by John Ruwitch; Editing by Will Waterman)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of French luxury group Louis Vuitton is seen at a store in Paris, France, February 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo
PARIS Luxury goods group LVMH (LVMH.PA) posted a surge in first quarter sales on Monday that beat analysts' consensus forecast, although the French company cautioned its business environment remained uncertain.
Sales rose to 9.88 billion euros (8.44 billion pounds), up 15 percent year-on-year. According to a consensus compiled for Reuters by Inquiry Financial, analysts' mean forecast for first quarter sales was 9.55 billion euros.
On a like-for-like or organic basis, sales were up by 13 percent at the world's biggest luxury goods group, also beating the consensus forecast for an organic sales increase of 9 percent.
LVMH, whose shares have hit a record high this year, said it had witnessed solid growth across its main markets in Asia, Europe and the United States, but added "the trend currently observed cannot reasonably be extrapolated for the full year".
In January, LVMH reported record revenues and profits for 2016 but sounded a note of caution for 2017, given geopolitical uncertainties ranging from the impact of Britain's decision to leave the European Union to the new U.S. administration of President Donald Trump.
"In a particularly uncertain environment, LVMH will continue to focus its efforts on developing its brands, maintain strict control over costs and target its investments on the quality, excellence and innovation of its products and their distribution," LVMH added in a statement on Monday.
LVMH's outlook echoed a similarly circumspect view issued last month by Swiss watchmakers, whose executives told Reuters at a key industry fair in Basel that they expected their market to remain challenging this year.
LVMH shares closed down 0.9 percent at 207.45 euros, close to a record high of 209.30 euros reached earlier on Monday.
The stock is up by around 14 percent so far in 2017, beating a rise of around 5 percent on France's benchmark CAC-40 index .FCHI and slightly outperforming a 13 percent advance on the STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods index .SXQP.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Sarah White and Mark Potter)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
New Zealand rugby fans have created an initiative to host British and Irish Lions supporters who are unable to find accommodation during their side's tour of New Zealand in June and July.
On the 10-match tour, the Lions play three tests against the All Blacks and five matches with New Zealand Super Rugby teams. The tour is expected to attract more than 20,000 Lions fans.
A Facebook page called: "Adopt a Lions Fan 2017" was created by Adam Glishnan after they realized that many Lions supporters could not attend the tour due to lack of accommodation options. Over 100 participants have since posted on the page.
"I really hope friendships will develop out of this, because rugby is a great vehicle for it," Glishnan told the Guardian.
"We don't want money to change hands at all, we want visitors to experience the famed Kiwi hospitality, and give Kiwi rugby fans to opportunity to look after their Lions guests."
A majority of hotels in cities that are hosting the tests are 90 percent booked and services like AirBnb are offering rooms for prices as high as 670 pounds ($842.99) a night, according to the Guardian.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
At this point, tears are rolling down Keaton's cheeks and they are heaving with sobs. Nevertheless, they manage to offer advice to others who may be getting bullied, too.
"But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Just stay strong, I guess," Keaton says, gulping. "It's hard. But ... it'll probably get better one day."
It's unclear whether Keaton believes their own last reassurance. After those words, they turn away from the camera, and the video ends there.
Keaton's mother, Kimberly Jones, uploaded the video to Facebook on Friday, noting that they were picking up their son early from school again because they had been too afraid to go to lunch. Recording the video had been Keaton's idea, they said.
"My kids are by no stretch perfect, & at home, he's as all boy as they come, but by all accounts he's good at school," Jones wrote. "Talk to your kids. ... We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere."
At least a couple of Jones' friends shared the post.
"This is the sweetest boy ever! No reason people should treat them this way!!!" one wrote. "Wish I had a way to send it to the news!!!"
Soon, though, the video took on a life of its own. Dozens, then hundreds, then thousands of people shared Jones' post on Facebook, leading to more than 15 million views in the span of two days.
At some point, the video migrated to Twitter, where it was shared and watched by hundreds of thousands more — including scores of athletes, celebrities and public figures, who said Keaton's raw distress had struck a nerve with them.
Millie Bobby Brown, the child actor who plays Eleven in Netflix's "Stranger Things," tweeted the hashtag #StandWithKeaton. Ultimate Fighting Championship President Dana White said they wanted to bring Keaton to Las Vegas to hang out at UFC headquarters.
On Instagram, Snoop Dogg said Keaton had a "friend for life" in them ("hit me on dm. so we can chop it up"). The rapper Cardi B came to Keaton's defence with some colourful language.
In their own recorded video to Keaton, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker read a poem by Buddha — "Our life is shaped by our mind. We become what we think. Joy follows impure thought like its shadow. It never leaves." — and offered Keaton and their family four tickets to watch the Titans play the Jacksonville Jaguars on New Year's Eve.
"Always remember that you can be whoever you want to be," Walker said. "Hopefully this video and all the tweets that are being put out there make awareness to stop bullying."
Tyler Byrd, a wide receiver for the University of Tennessee football team, responded to a call by former NFL player Donté Stallworth to rally support for Keaton, saying several Volunteer team members planned to visit the boy at school next week.
"Bet I am there," Byrd tweeted.
Although many people online said Keaton attended either elementary or middle school in Tennessee, The Washington Post could not confirm Keaton's age or school, and their family members did not respond to interview requests Sunday morning. Publicly, Keaton's mother and sister said they have been overwhelmed by offers of assistance since the video went viral and have not been able to individually respond to the thousands of messages they've received.
"Friends, overwhelmed is the understatement of the world right now," Kimberly Jones wrote on Facebook on Saturday afternoon. "I'm humbled by the voice my boy has been given, but he's still just a little boy, & he's a little boy who desperately wants acceptance, that I have to try to find a way to navigate them through the difference in true acceptance & attention. I know God has Their hand in this, & I trust that the right things will happen in the right time."
YANGON (Reuters) - Hundreds of Buddhists took to the streets in western Myanmar on Sunday to protest against aid organisations they accuse of giving support to Muslim Rohingya militants, police and a protest leader said.
Buddhist monks and members of the Rakhine ethnic group held demonstrations in 15 towns, including the Rakhine state capital of Sittwe, demanding that aid agencies leave the western state immediately, Htay Aung, a self-described leader of the protests, told Reuters by phone.
“We will protest again and again until we get our demands. If the government fails to act, that is their responsibility,” they said.
Tensions have risen once again in Rakhine since seven Buddhists were found hacked to death in the mountains in the north of the state in July.
The government said it had discovered forest encampments that proved Muslim "extremists" were responsible for the killings, and the military sent additional forces to the area this week.
At one suspected militant camp last month, biscuits originating from the United Nations' World Food Programme were discovered. Ethnic Rakhine Buddhists have long accused U.N. and other aid organisations of favouring the Rohingya with aid.
CRACKDOWN
The state was plunged into violence in October, when Rohingya insurgents killed nine border police, sparking a crackdown in which government security forces were accused of raping, killing and torturing Rohingya civilians.
About 1.1 million Rohingya Muslims live in Rakhine, but are denied citizenship and face restrictions on their movements and access to basic services. About 120,000 remain in camps set up after deadly violence swept the state in 2012, where they rely on aid agencies for basic provisions.
Pictures shared online of Sunday's protests showed saffron-robed monks holdings signs reading, “We don't need terrorist supporter group,” and calling for the U.N. and international non-governmental organizations (INGOs) to “get out”.
Htay Aung said the protesters demanded that the government rid the state of Muslim militants, quickly verify the citizenship credentials of Muslims and allow Rakhine Buddhists to form armed militias.
Police Major Cho Lwin estimated that about 600 people protested in Sittwe.
“The protest went ahead today peacefully,” they said, adding that police had stepped up security and blocked roads leading to aid offices.
Reuters obtained the text of note sent by the U.N. on Wednesday to the 300 or so U.N. staff in Rakhine, as well as INGOs, warning of rising hostility to international agencies in the state.
TOP SPOT: Lady Musgrave Island draws tourists from all over the globe.
TOP SPOT: Lady Musgrave Island draws tourists from all over the globe. Darren Jew/TEQ
FIFTY-TWO million - that's the number of reasons Bundaberg tourism operators have to celebrate Christmas this year.
Figures released today by Tourism Research Australia show international visitors parted with $52.1 million while holidaying here for the year ending September, 2017.
The amount represents a massive growth of 33.4 per cent and is in line with positive results for the entire Southern Great Barrier Reef destinations, which recorded an increase of 18% in international visitor numbers.
Surprisingly, the largest number of visitors were from the United Kingdom, with 28,000 - an increase of 26 per cent - followed by Germany with 26,000 visitors, an increase of 36.3%.
New Zealand, America and France round out the top five.
It's also good news when it comes to the number of nights spent in the region, with 2.7 million recorded in the SGBR destinations comprising Bundaberg North Burnett, Gladstone and Capricorn. This is an increase of 22.7 per cent and was largely driven by strong growth in holiday-makers, visits to friends or family, education and business.
TOP SPOT: A kiss from a koala is just one of the things you may encounter at Snakes Downunder. Snakes Downunder
Bundaberg North Burnett Tourism general manager Katherine Reid said they were very pleased with the results.
"Our accommodation, food outlets, attractions and reef experiences are all seeing an increase in international visitation,” they said.
"Tourism presents an extremely competitive global marketplace, and to see this sort of consistent result for international visitation and expenditure for our region is truly encouraging for our tourism industry and our collective efforts as the Southern Great Barrier Reef.
"For a destination to effectively play in the international marketplace they need 'trade ready' accommodation, tour product and quality visitor experiences - businesses that are ready to package, contracted with wholesalers and the ability to service different cultural needs.
"With an average length of stay of 17.3 nights for international visitors in the Southern Great Barrier Reef region, tourism is definitely a strong driver of economic prosperity in the regions.”
The Southern Great Barrier Reef marketing partnership - Bundaberg North Burnett Tourism, Gladstone Area Promotion and Development Ltd and Capricorn Enterprise - has invested heavily in marketing the destination internationally, with a strong focus on Western hemisphere markets over the last five years.
Capricorn Enterprise chief executive Mary Carroll praised the partnership.
"After years of collaborating and targeting our limited resources and funds to specific international western markets, the results speak for themselves,” Ms Carroll said.
"Our recent investment in our first ever SGBR sales trip to Germany will build on this success.
"We have seen particular growth in the UK, Germany and France markets to Great Keppel and Pumpkin islands, which have positively affected our mainland trade-ready operators on the Capricorn Coast, Rockhampton region and Central Highlands”.
Darryl Branthwaite, CEO of GAPDL, was just as enthusiastic.
"These results are a positive indication that the partnership we have with SGBR - pooling our resources - is resulting in this region developing a solid base with amazing experiences, such as Heron and Lady Musgrave islands, which are world class, now competing on a world stage, driving our local economies, which employs about 9600 people across the region's tourism industry,” they said.
"The future for these regions and the SGBR is incredibly bright.”
For businesses in the Bundaberg North Burnett interested in learning more about engaging with international markets, BNBT run trade workshops and mentoring programs on an annual basis.
Click here for more information on resources available or to email your expression of interest in a program for 2018-19.
The International Visitor Survey is released quarterly and gives a snapshot of the year-on-year results for Australia and each state.
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 08/04/17 - McLaren driver Fernando Alonso of Spain drives during the third practice session at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
MANAMA Fernando Alonso will miss this year's Monaco Grand Prix, the most glamorous race on the Formula One calendar, to compete in the Indianapolis 500 on the same weekend in May, McLaren said on Wednesday.
The Spaniard, a double world champion, said they wanted one day to emulate Graham Hill, the late Briton who won the Formula One title, Indy and the Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race in the 1960s.
The appeal of competing in the "greatest spectacle in racing" will only have been increased by their Honda-powered Formula One team's current woes - McLaren is last in the championship after two races without a point.
"I've won the Monaco Grand Prix twice, and it's one of my ambitions to win the Triple Crown, which has been achieved by only one driver in the history of motorsport," Alonso said in a team statement released ahead of this weekend's Bahrain Grand Prix.
"It's a tough challenge, but I'm up for it. I don't know when I'm going to race at Le Mans, but one day I intend to. I'm only 35: I've got plenty of time for that."
McLaren will enter the 101st edition of the Indy, on May 28, with a Honda-engined Indy car run by Andretti Autosport, owned by former McLaren driver Michael Andretti, in the old papaya orange livery of the 1970s.
It will be the first time in 38 years that McLaren have competed at The Brickyard. They won at Indianapolis in 1974 and 1976 with Johnny Rutherford, while Hill did so in 1966.
The other Formula One champions to have won at Indy are Britain's Jim Clark, American Mario Andretti, Brazilian Emerson Fittipaldi and Canadian Jacques Villeneuve.
Alonso is out of contract with McLaren at the end of the season and speculation has risen about whether they will see out the year at a team that have slipped far from their glory days.
The second most successful team in the sport after Ferrari, in terms of race victories, have not won anything since 2012 and has been well off the pace since starting a new partnership with Honda in 2015.
"I've never raced an IndyCar car before, and neither have I ever driven on a super-speedway, but I'm confident that I'll get to grips with it fast," said Alonso, who will fly to Indianapolis immediately after their home Spanish Grand Prix.
McLaren said they would name a replacement in due course for Monaco, a tight and twisty circuit which promises to be trickier than usual with the 2017 cars wider than before.
Britain's 2009 world champion Jenson Button, a former Monaco winner, remains contracted to McLaren despite handing over their seat to Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne last year.
(Additional reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
PARIS Edinson Cavani scored two goals and set up another as Paris St Germain kept alive their Ligue 1 title hopes with a 4-0 home win against En Avant Guingamp on Sunday.
Angel Di Maria opened the scoring and Uruguay striker Cavani found the back of the net twice after the break before Blaise Matuidi added a stoppage-time goal to put PSG back into second place with 71 points from 31 games, three behind leaders Monaco who beat Angers 1-0 on Saturday.
Nice, who have played an extra game, are third on 70 points after Mario Balotelli's double gave them a 2-1 victory at Lille on Friday.
Di Maria collected Cavani's through ball in the 56th minute before beating Karl-Johan Johnsson with a delicate chip after PSG had struggled in a dull first half.
Four minutes later, Cavani was perfectly set up by Adrien Rabiot and doubled the advantage with a low shot from inside the box.
Cavani was at it again in the 70th minute, beating Johnsson from close range after being set up perfectly by Di Maria for their 29th league goal this season.
Midfielder Matuidi rubbed salt in the visitors' wounds with a fourth goal two minutes into added time.
PSG were without centre backs Marquinhos and Thiago Silva, who were both injured, but were barely bothered by a toothless Guingamp side.
Guingamp are 10th in the table on 41 points.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Clare Fallon)
April 3 World Wrestling Entertainment Inc
* World Wrestling Entertainment - digital subscription service, WWE network, reached a 1.95 million total subscribers following last night's WrestleMania
* World Wrestling Entertainment - based on preliminary data, wwe network attracted average of about 1.49 million paid subscribers over Q1, up 16 pct from Q1 average
* Has targeted 2017 adjusted OIBDA of $100 million
* World Wrestling Entertainment - 1.95 million total subscribers for 2017 WrestleMania is 7 pct increase from April 4th, 2016, day after WrestleMania last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 23 U.S. stock futures opened sharply higher on Sunday after centrist Emmanuel Macron took the first round of voting in the French presidential election.
Macron will face far-right leader Marine Le Pen in a May 7 runoff and opinion polls on Sunday had them easily winning the final clash.
Futures snapshot at 6:15 p.m. EDT (2215 GMT):
* S&P 500 e-minis were up 22.25 points, or 0.95 percent, with 37,267 contracts changing hands.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 48.25 points, or 0.89 percent, in volume of 4,702 contracts.
* Dow e-minis were up 185 points, or 0.9 percent, with 3,382 contracts changing hands.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Peter Cooney)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Markets are snoozing their way to a Marine Le Pen showdown. French government bond prices suggest a lower probability than the bookies do that the National Front leader will win the imminent presidential election. The big challenges to investors' sangfroid would be voter apathy or a left-wing alliance – both the kinds of thing that defy traditional market analysis.
Le Pen has pledged to rip France out of the euro. So one gauge of their chances is the cost of insuring French debt. Such contracts would pay out if France redenominated its currency. Right now, the cost of a five-year credit default swap is 52 basis points. Assume a new franc is worth 30 percent less than a euro, and that price indicates CDS investors think there is a near-2 percent chance of France redenominating its debt in the next year, or 8 percent over the next five years.
An alternative is to guess where French government bonds might trade if Le Pen were to win. Typically French 10-year bonds yield more than German equivalents, but that gap has ranged from 190 basis points, back in 2011 when a breakup of the euro zone seemed close, to 50 basis points in relatively calm 2014, before the European Central Bank started buying bonds and distorting prices. Measured on that spectrum, the current difference of 67 basis points would imply a roughly 12 percent probability of Le Pen taking the Elysee.
Reading the markets this way involves big assumptions. The franc could fall more, or less, than 30 percent, and credit spreads aren't always a pure reflection of likely losses. Le Pen could win but fail to force a referendum on the euro. A simple third way, then, is to ask the bookmakers. William Hill's odds, for example, imply a 27 percent probability of a Le Pen presidency.
Voter polls still predict a comfortable victory by centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in the second round. That doesn't mean Le Pen can't win. If left-wing candidates Jean-Luc Melenchon and Benoit Hamon team up, they could displace Macron and make it to the second round, leaving centrist voters adrift. And, after years of a fragile economy, voters may stay at home, benefitting Le Pen over mainstream candidates. In short, while a Le Pen victory seems unlikely, the margin of error is wide.
Incumbent Governor Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama arrives at a polling station to casts their vote in the Jakarta governor election in North Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
A woman casts their vote with the help of an election official in the Jakarta governor election in North Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
Incumbent Governor Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama is surrrounded by media after casting their vote in the Jakarta governor election in North Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
Incumbent Governor Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama holds up their ink stained finger along with their wife Veronica Tan and their son Nicholas (L) after casting their vote the Jakarta governor election in North Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
A man shows their fingers after casting their vote in the governor election in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
A man walks towards a ballot box to cast their vote in the governor election in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
A soldier provides security at a polling booth during the Jakarta governor election in North Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
A woman walks towards a ballot box to cast their vote in the governor election in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
Election officials examine a ballot during the counting process after polls closed in the election for governor in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
Election officials count ballots during the counting process after polls closed in the governor election in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
Former Indonesian education minister Anies Baswedan talks to their running mate Sandiaga Uno after voting in the Jakarta governor election in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
Candidate Anies Baswedan casts their vote in the Jakarta governor election in South Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
Supporters of Jakarta governor candidate Anies Baswedan react as Baswedan leads the count at the Petamburan flat polling station in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
An election official counts ballots during the counting process after polls closed in the governor election in Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
Indonesian President Joko Widodo and First Lady Iriana cast their ballots in the Jakarta governer election in Gambir, Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/ Puspa Perwitasari/ via REUTERS
Candidate Anies Baswedan casts their vote along their wife Fery Farhati Ganis (L) and daughter Mutiara Annisa in the Jakarta governor election in South Jakarta, Indonesia April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Beawiharta
JAKARTA A former Indonesian education minister won the race for Jakarta governor on Wednesday after a polarising campaign that cast a shadow over Indonesia's reputation for practicing a tolerant form of Islam.
Anies Baswedan won with 58 percent of the votes versus 42 percent for Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, known by their Chinese nickname as "Ahok", based on 100 percent of the votes in an unofficial "quick count" by Indikator Politik. Other pollsters showed similar results.
The national elections commission will announce official results in early May.
The turbulent campaign featured mass rallies led by a hardline Islamist movement, which has strengthened in recent years in a country long dominated by a moderate form of Islam. More than 80 percent of Indonesia's population professes Islam.
"Going forward, the politics of religion is going to be a potent force," said Keith Loveard, an analyst at Jakarta-based Concord Consulting and an author of books about Indonesian politics.
Baswedan's huge margin of victory was surprising since opinion polls in the run-up to the election had pointed to a dead-heat. Purnama won the first round of voting for governor in February in a three-way race.
Indonesian social media users likened the election outcome to the shock results of the U.S. presidential vote and the Brexit vote of last year.
One Twitter user, @fuadhn, said Indonesians "can feel what US and British citizens feel now. Welcome populism..."
The election came on the eve of a visit by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, as the Trump administration seeks to engage the world's fourth-largest nation and largest Muslim-majority country as an emerging regional power.
Pence is scheduled on Thursday to visit the biggest mosque in Southeast Asia, Jakarta's Istiqlal Mosque.
2019 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
The Jakarta election will be seen as a barometer for the 2019 presidential election, given the city's outsized importance as both the nation's capital and commercial centre.
Purnama is backed by President Joko Widodo's ruling party. Baswedan is supported by a retired general, Prabowo Subianto, who narrowly lost to Widodo in a 2014 presidential vote and is expected to challenge them again.
Police said 15 people were detained following reports of disturbances at several polling stations in the city of 10 million people, after what the Jakarta Post this week dubbed "the dirtiest, most polarising and most divisive" election campaign the nation had ever seen.
Security appeared light at several polling stations, though police said 66,000 personnel were deployed across the city.
Religious tensions have been an undercurrent in the campaign, with Purnama on trial for blasphemy over comments they made last year that many took to be insulting to Islam.
Hundreds of thousands of Muslims took to the streets late last year to call for their sacking and to urge voters not to elect a non-Muslim leader. One person died and more than 100 were injured after one protest turned violent.
Some voters may have been reluctant to vote for Purnama because of worries about “five more years of protests on the streets by Muslim hardliners,” Loveard said in a telephone interview.
Ismail Yusanto, spokesperson for one of the groups, Hizbut Tahrir Indonesia, said the election showed that Jakarta voters didn't want a non-Muslim leader.
"It is forbidden under Islamic law, to have an infidel leader," they told Reuters.
Members of hardline groups, including the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), celebrated the election result at Istiqlal mosque in central Jakarta on Wednesday evening, praying and cheering for the governor-elect.
Baswedan and Prabowo were also expected at grand mosque to join the prayers, according to media reports.
RECONCILIATORY TONE
Baswedan, a respected scholar who many viewed as moderate, drew widespread criticism during the campaign when they aggressively courted the conservative Islamic vote, appearing publicly with hardline Islamic leaders during anti-Purnama rallies.
Baswedan, surrounded by their political patrons including Prabowo, struck a conciliatory tone at a news conference after unofficial results came in, pledging to "safeguard diversity and unity".
Their platform has focussed on improving public education, providing no-deposit home loans for low income groups and opposing a giant seawall in Jakarta Bay that Purnama has advocated. Baswedan has denied they plan to implement Islamic sharia law in Jakarta if elected.
Baswedan will officially take over as governor in October.
Purnama congratulated their rival in a news conference.
“We still have six months (in office) until the new governor is inaugurated and we will finish up our homework," Purnama said. "We hope that in the future everyone can forget the campaign period.”
Purnama's blasphemy trial resumes on Thursday and they face up to five years in jail if convicted.
Investors in Indonesian markets are likely to return to fundamentals such as corporate earnings, now that the political uncertainties surrounding the divisive Jakarta election have diminished, analysts said.
"As long as there are no security issues, the election outcome should not significantly stall the reform programme of the national government, in our view," Citigroup said in a note.
It maintained its year-end target of 6,150 points for the Jakarta stock exchange .JKSE, which represents an 8 percent upside.
(Additional reporting by Cindy Silviana, Eveline Danubrata, Fransiska Nangoy and Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
BRASILIA, March 30 Brazil's central bank said on Thursday that lower inflation could allow it to step up its pace of interest rate cuts and that its inflation estimates based on market parameters remained below or at the official target for the next two years.
In its quarterly inflation report released on Thursday, the bank lowered its 2017 inflation market forecast to 4.0 percent from 4.7 percent in its previous report. For 2018, its estimate remained at 4.5 percent, exactly at the center of its official target. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione and Alonso Soto; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Tech drags Wall St lower; financials buoy Dow
NEW YORK, June 14 A slide in technology stocks pulled down the Nasdaq Composite on Wednesday and the S&P 500 ended slightly lower as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after weaker-than-expected inflation numbers and an interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve.
The sold-out crowd of nearly 11,000 at Montreal's Olympic Stadium cheered Black and Moors every step of the way.
"It's such an honour to be competing with such amazing girls," said Moors, who was awarded the elegance prize at the end of the competition. "And the home crowd was amazing.
"I didn't set any expectations for myself. I went in and just tried my hardest."
Black began the finals with a 14.600 on the vault and a 14.233 on the uneven bars. They scored a 12.866 on the beam, after losing their balance on a few occasions. Those dropped points ended up costing them the gold.
Despite a less than perfect performance on the balance beam, Black entered the final discipline in first place, two tenths of a point ahead of Hurd.
"I knew what the general idea was going into the last rotation," said Black. "But I try not to focus on that because the only thing I can control is the routine I was going to put out there.
"I had a mistake on beam, and in the sport of gymnastics it always comes down to tenths. It wasn't a perfect day for anyone here."
The 16-year-old Hurd performed first in the floor exercises, scoring a 13.733.
Black needed a 13.534 or better on the floor to win gold, but they earned a 13.433 instead.
"It's crazy that I was even competing here," said Hurd, who finished sixth in all-around after qualifications. "To think that I won is just the most surreal feeling in the world."
Black has a chance to win more medals over the weekend as they are also competing in three individual finals: vault, balance beam and floor exercises.
Moors (floor) and teammate Shallon Olsen (vault) are also in the running for medals in the individual finals on Saturday and Sunday.
Notes: American Ragan Smith, a favourite to win gold in the all-around, was forced to withdraw from the final after injuring their ankle during the vault warm up.
By Kelsey Patterson, The Canadian Press
click to enlarge FLICKR/JASON MEREDITH
Dear Cardinals fans. The wave is embarrassing enough. You guys have to stop that fucking wooo thing. Act like you have been to a ballpark before. — Stop the Woooooo. (@CardinalTales) April 10, 2018
If the Masters can ban patrons who yell “dilly dilly”, maybe the Cardinals can eject fans who yell “wooo”. Can anything be more annoying? That trend will cause people to leave game or turn off the tv. — Doug Vaughn (@DougVaughn_KMOV) April 11, 2018
Don't tell #Astros fans know about this widespread woo'ing. For some reason they think they were the first sports team to ever do the wooo...last year. Even accused the Blues/Cardinals of stealing it. — Curt Price (@curtprice) April 17, 2018
Sitting in the stands at Busch tonight. The fans gave begun woo-ing. It's MADDENING. And they're not even all doing it Ric Flair style. It's more of like a dying wolf. — Benjamin Hochman (@hochman) April 21, 2018
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
It's loud, it's contagious and the culprit is usually a soon-to-be middle-aged man who gets too drunk off far too few beers. The Ric Flair-inspired "WOO" has infected Busch Stadium.Complaints about fans' WOO-ing erupted on Twitter during the Cardinals' April 9 game against the Milwaukee Brewers, with some stating that the noise forced them to mute their TVs or turn off the radio all together. Reds fan Patrick Gray tweeted tosportswriter Derrick Goold, "I get annoyed hearing it to the point where I mute the TV... I watch baseball to watch not to hear that."Others attempted public-service announcements that did not mince words:At Friday night's game against the Reds, the WOO-ing continued to make the ears of fans near and far bleed. At that point, complaints turned into a call for an outright ban of the chant by the Cardinal organization.It's not just Busch Stadium: The trend has been infecting sports stadiums across the country all the way back to 2012.The first documented case comes from a Pittsburgh Pirates game on September 5, 2012. The sound was reported to have begun in the 4th inning and carried on through the end of the game , as Deadspin reported. The Pirates' announcer, Bob Walk, secured the night's place in history by dubbing it "Night of the Woo."A quick scroll through the comments section shows that isolated instances had allegedly been cropping up at PPG Paints Arena, home of the Pittsburgh Penguins, for several years before the "Night of the Woo." And numerous other cities and stadiums have since reported similar instances predating that night in 2012. However, few were properly documented in real time, suggesting that these previous incidents may simply have been the result of WWE fans who accidentally wandered into a real sports complex and, in a state of confusion, sent out a distress call.More recently, Cincinnati Reds fans claimed that the WOO has been plaguing Great American Ballpark for the better part of five years. In 2013, Fox Sports spoke with a man who claims to be the originator and calls themselves the "Red's WOO guy ."A flare-up in 2016 at a Philadelphia Flyers game left many sports fans with the false assumption that the trend was contained to northeastern parts of the country. But in 2017, the great state of Texas fell victim when Houston Astros fans began WOO-ing during outfielder Josh Reddick's at-bats.Upon hearing of the chant making its way to Busch, many Astros fans, still apparently suffering from early-stage delirium, argued that we stole the WOO from them. (As if!)Even as fans fight over who can lay claim to patient zero, it's important not to forget the lasting presence of Flair himself. The retired WWE legend, now 69, became famous in the 1970s for their outlandish behavior and, of course, the WOO. Although they may not be in the ring anymore, they are still in the spotlight.Recently, Flair and their WOO teamed up with rapper Offset to produce the single " Ric Flair Drip ," which has more than 85 million views on YouTube. Many organizations use their famous call in hype videos during time-outs or lagging periods of games.Such was the case when the trend swept through Scottrade during the Blues' final push for a playoff spot back in March. We can only surmise that after the city exited hockey season brokenhearted, the WOO took advantage of the trodden spirits and moved east on Clark Avenue, where it found renewed momentum with the start of baseball season.With well over 100 games left in the regular season, it's as hard to predict the staying power of the WOO as it is to predict Matheny's starting lineup. However, even with "The Cardinal Way" reminding ballpark patrons that, yes, you do have to be nice to Cub fans and yes, booing is unconstitutional within the walls of Busch Stadium, remaining composed is not always easy for nine straight innings.So, when that soon-t0-be middle-aged man orders another beer and has already WOOO-ed a handful of times and it's not even the third inning yet, we recommend you politely dump a little nacho cheese on their head — and maybe, politely suggest they try the wave instead.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
FILE PHOTO: Israeli soldiers ride armoured vehicles during an exercise in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, near the ceasefire line between Israel and Syria June 17, 2015. REUTERS/Baz Ratner
JERUSALEM/BEIRUT Two Israeli air strikes against Hezbollah targets in Syria in recent weeks seem to mark a more openly assertive stance towards the group after years of shadow boxing, requiring careful calibration to avoid escalation into a war that neither wants.
For most of the six-year-long conflict in Syria, Israel has stuck determinedly to the sidelines, not wanting to get sucked into the chaos unfolding to its northeast. While it is suspected of carrying out occasional attacks against minor targets, it has tended not to confirm or deny involvement.
But it is determined to stop Lebanon's Hezbollah, with which it fought a 2006 war, and which it sees as the top strategic threat on its borders, from using its role in the Syrian war to gain weapons and experience that could ultimately endanger Israel.
Since early in the conflict, the Shi'ite movement's energies have been focused on propping up President Bashar al-Assad in alliance with Iran and Russia, throwing thousands of its fighters into battle against Syrian rebels.
But although this strategy makes the prospect of a new war with Israel unwelcome to Hezbollah, it has not altered its view of the country as its foremost enemy, or stopped it strengthening its position for any new conflict.
In the past six weeks, two Israeli attacks appear to have marked a shift, underscoring Israel's intent to squeeze Hezbollah and coming as the Trump administration carried out its own missile strikes in Syria.
In both cases, Israeli officials have also been less guarded about acknowledging who was behind the attacks.
On March 17, Israel struck a site near Palmyra, prompting Syria's army to retaliate with Russian-supplied anti-aircraft missiles and on April 27, it hit an arms depot in Damascus where Hezbollah was suspected of storing weapons supplied by Iran.
"The incident in Syria corresponds completely with Israel's policy to act to prevent Iran's smuggling of advanced weapons via Syria to Hezbollah," Intelligence Minister Israel Katz said of the strike last week, but without explicitly confirming Israel carried it out.
Hezbollah has also bared its teeth, conducting a media tour along the Lebanon-Israel border that was widely interpreted as a message that it was unafraid of a new war, and hinting that any coming conflict might involve attacks on Israeli settlements.
A larger strike by Israel, or one that misses its target with unintended consequences, might provoke an escalation, further destabilising Syria and sucking Israel into an already complex conflict.
It's an outcome that neither Israel nor Hezbollah wants, but in a war that has already produced many unpredictable outcomes, it is not out of the question either.
RULES OF THE GAME
Hezbollah is an Iranian-backed movement that was formed to combat Israel's 1982-2000 occupation of Lebanon. Its battlefield prowess, extensive social works among Lebanese Shi'ites and its alliance with powerful regional states have helped it secure a dominant role in the country's politics.
Since the 2006 war with Israel, which killed more than 1,300 people, displaced a million in Lebanon and up to 500,000 in Israel, both sides have engaged in brinkmanship but avoided renewed conflict.
Both say they do not want another war, but don't shy away from saying they are ready for one if it does end up happening.
Last month, Hezbollah took Lebanese journalists on a tour of the southern frontier with Israel, allowing pictures to be taken of soldiers posing with weapons and staring across the border.
Israel runs patrols along the same frontier, sends up drones and is constantly bolstering its defences. In March, Israeli minister Naftali Bennett, a hardliner, threatened to send Lebanon back to the Middle Ages if Hezbollah provoked another war.
An official in the military alliance that backs Assad said Israel's recent air strikes had hit Hezbollah targets but played down the damage done. As for retaliation, they drew a distinction between Israel striking Hezbollah units deployed to fight on behalf of Assad in Syria and those at home in Lebanon.
"If Israel hits a Hezbollah convoy in Syria, Hezbollah will decide if it will respond or not according to the circumstances in Syria because, despite everything, Syria is a sovereign state and Hezbollah cannot respond in a way that embarrasses the regime," the official told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
"If Israel strikes Hezbollah in Lebanon, definitely it will respond. If Hezbollah responds, what is the size of its response that Israel can accept? This could mean an escalation to war. So Israel avoids hitting Hezbollah convoys or rockets inside Lebanon and prefers to strike it inside Syria."
That analysis fits with how Israel broadly sees the situation, too. Keeping any fallout from the war in Syria away from its territorial interests is one thing. But going after Hezbollah in Lebanon would be the trigger for renewed conflict.
"A clash with Hezbollah is always an active possibility," said one Israeli diplomat.
While the enmity is fierce on either side, past experience seems to have made both Hezbollah and Israel sharp analysts of one another's positions and pressure points.
"Sometimes there is a measured response which maintains the balance of deterrence and the rules of the game and sometimes there is a response which opens the door to escalation," said the official from the alliance backing Assad.
"Right now, the desire of both sides is to not get dragged into a war or to open a new front, either in Golan or the south. But at any moment events can develop and things can escalate into war without either side wanting it."
RUSSIA-ISRAEL AXIS
Russia - an ally of Hezbollah in the Syrian conflict but which has also coordinated closely with Israel - has also taken note of Israel's actions.
For the past two years, Israel and Russia have coordinated closely on Syria, with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu meeting face-to-face with Russian President Vladimir Putin and often speaking by phone to ensure there are no misunderstandings and that the risk of aerial confrontations is minimised.
For the most part, the system has worked, even if it requires Israel to be delicate in balancing ties with the United States and Russia at the same time. But the most recent incidents appear to have angered Moscow.
After the March strike, Russia summoned Israel's ambassador for consultations, and after the Damascus airport attack the foreign ministry issued a statement calling it unacceptable and urging Israel to exercise restraint.
"We consider that all countries should avoid any actions that lead to higher tensions in such a troubled region and call for Syrian sovereignty to be respected," Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters.
A new war between Israel and Hezbollah could distract the Shi'ite movement from its central role in the Syrian conflict, thereby undermining a military campaign in which Russia has staked great resources and prestige.
Israeli analysts think Netanyahu's government must exercise caution. "Israel still has to walk on eggshells and attack only if the destruction of the target is vital and pertains directly to Israeli security," military specialist Alex Fishman wrote in Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper last week.
Israeli ministers, several of whom have a Russian background, also appear determined to avoid provoking Moscow. "We'll do nothing fast and loose when it comes to the Russians," said the Israeli diplomat. "We'll be super-careful in Syria."
(Writing by Luke Baker; Editing by Angus McDowall and Pravin Char)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Hint: next week, Oct. 14, #IMOMSOHARD is at the FirstOntario Concert Hall with a 7:30 p.m. show.
Thanksgiving festival
It's a giant family friendly festival at Ball's Falls Conservation Area. The 43rd annual Thanksgiving Festival features more than 150 selected artisans, live entertainment, children's workshops, activities, gourmet foods and heritage demos. The hours are Friday to Monday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily. There will also be a farmers' market. Ball's Falls is located at 3292 6th Ave. RR 1, Jordan. Admission: $6. thanksgivingfestival.ca
Thanksgiving dinners
Monday at 3 p.m., full turkey dinner will be provided at the Good Shepherd Centre, 135 Mary St., 3 to 5 p.m. Guests are treated to a turkey dinner with all the trimmings, served by volunteers and staff who provide a positive and dignified dining experience.
Sunday at 5 p.m., Mission Services, 309 James St. N. Free turkey dinner, all are welcome.
Autumn fun
Lindley's Farm and Market, 900 Fiddlers Green Rd., has pumpkins, hayrides and corn maze 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, Sunday and Monday. $8 for hayride and field pumpkin, cornmaze $7. (open Thanksgiving Day)
Dyment's Pumpkin Patch, 416 Fallsview Rd. E., Dundas. Scenic wagon ride to the pumpkin patch, barnyard play area, corn bin, corn maze, zip line and more. $12. Open weekends 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. (open Thanksgiving Day)
Halloween Ho-Down Weekends at Puddicombe Estate Farms and Winery is Saturday, Sunday and Monday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Live entertainment, campfire, train rides, fall crafts and pumpkins. Day pass is $20 per person. Puddicombe Farm is located at 1468 Highway 8 in Winona. (open Thanksgiving Day)
Westdale Village
OktoberWest is on in Westdale on Saturday from noon to 8 p.m. You'll find some Oktoberfest flaire with live music and entertainment along King Street West from Bond to Sterling. Streetside music includes The Fabulous Raves, Midtown, Oscar Kay Trio, Klaus the Organ Grinder and "Mr. Oktoberfest" George Kash.
Fire station open houses
Visit your local fire station Monday during the annual Thanksgiving Day open house event. Hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at all 26 area stations. It's your opportunity to tour the station, view the fire trucks and speak to fire-fighters about fire safety. Please bring a non-perishable food donation for our community food banks. hamilton.ca/fire
•Want more? Visit the Multi-Agency Training Academy (MATA), located at 1227 Stonechurch Rd. E. from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. The public will have an opportunity to tour the state of the art training facility, view equipment utilized by firefighters, speak to fire-fighters about fire safety and witness a display by firefighters on various jobs they perform during their emergency calls.
Thanksgiving Day: open and closed
There is no green bin, blue box or garbage pickup on Monday. Pickups will be one day later than usual. Recycling centres and transfer stations are closed that day.
City offices, civic museums, recreation facilities and arenas are closed.
Hamilton Public Libraries are closed Sunday and Monday.
Seniors' centres and clubs are closed.
Hamilton Farmers' Market is closed Sunday and Monday; it opens again Tuesday at 8 a.m.
The Art Gallery of Hamilton open noon to 5 p.m.; the Warplane Heritage Museum is open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
HSR, Burlington Transit and GO are on Sunday schedules. DARTS will run on a holiday schedule.
For these and more community events, visit thespec.com EVENTS page. Have an event? Add yours to the calendar.
BERLIN The leader of Germany's Social Democrats said on Monday they would stress disarmament rather than military spending if they become chancellor after September's election, rejecting U.S. pressure to spend more on defence.
Martin Schulz has led a revival in the left-leaning Social Democratic Party's (SPD) popularity since their nomination in January to challenge conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Sept. 24 federal election and try to deny them a fourth term.
Asked whether Germany's NATO membership could be up for negotiation in an SPD-led government after the election, Schulz said "we are a strong and reliable member of NATO".
But they added: "What we need is not an upward spiral in armaments but rather disarmament initiatives."
Germany has come under pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump's administration to raise its defence spending to meet a NATO target of 2 percent of economic output. Merkel has said Germany is committed to the goal.
By contrast, Schulz's comments indicate an SPD-led government would strongly resist the U.S. pressure to spend more on defence. They took issue with the NATO target, which they said "would mean a substantial financial burden for Germany."
"If I interpret this correctly, what was said is that this (goal) is something to strive for," they told the foreign press association in Berlin, adding that any government they lead would not ramp up arms spending.
"It does not seem to me to be the overriding aim of German foreign policy to spend 20 billion (euros) or more per year to meet this goal and in the end to have a policy where, in the middle of Europe, there is an army armed to the teeth," they said, referring to the spending rise needed to meet the NATO target.
The SPD has held exploratory talks on the possibility of forming a coalition after September's election with the far-left Linke party, which rejects NATO and has called for it to be replaced by an alliance including Russia.
Late last month, the Social Democrats suffered their first electoral setback under Schulz when voters in the state of Saarland flocked to Merkel's conservatives for fear of a new left-wing alliance between the SPD and the Linke.
Asked by Reuters if this defeat meant the SPD needed to clarify its preferred coalition option, Schulz simply replied: "No."
Pressed on concerns among some voters about the SPD teaming up with the Linke, Schulz added: "I want us to become the strongest party in this country and whoever, after the election, wants to enter into a government is welcome" to talk.
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
MOSCOW, April 12 Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem will visit Moscow from April 13-15 for talks with their Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov, Russia's foreign ministry said on Wednesday.
Maria Zakharova, a foreign ministry spokesperson, also said that three-ways talks between the foreign ministers of Russia, Iran and Syria would take place on April 14 in Moscow.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Writing by Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
April 3 Southampton manager Claude Puel wants their players to step up and contribute more goals in the absence of injured striker Manolo Gabbiadini, who was ruled out of Wednesday's Premier League match against Crystal Palace.
Gabbiadini had scored six goals in five games since joining the club in January, but injured their groin against Tottenham Hotspur last month.
The 25-year-old missed Saturday's 0-0 draw with Bournemouth, which marked the first time since November that Southampton have failed to score at home in the league.
"It's important that we score goals from different areas. It is not just the work of the strikers, but the work for all," Puel told reporters on Monday. "I think Manolo will not be available for this game, but we will see for Saturday."
Midfielder Sofiane Boufal is also in doubt with a muscle problem.
Southampton is 10th in the league, three points above Crystal Palace, who are putting on a late charge for Premier League survival with four wins in a row including a shock 2-1 away victory at leaders Chelsea on Saturday.
"It's important to have a good focus and concentration against a strong Palace team," Puel said. "It's important to take points of course because one win or one loss can do a lot of difference on the table because all the teams are close together..." (Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Adds Linde, SCA, Anthem, Time, Frontline, Fortress Investment Group and Electric Co)
April 28 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Friday:
** Germany's Siemens has moved into journey planning with the purchase of privately-owned Hannover-based firm HaCon to complement its transportation business, which it has been talking about merging with Bombardier's.
** CVC Capital Partners has agreed to take control of Swiss watchmaker Breitling in a deal that sees another iconic Swiss brand lose independence.
** One of Britain's biggest pension scheme investors has called on Dutch paintmaker Akzo Nobel to engage with U.S. suitor PPG Industries over a revised bid and criticized the board's handling of the issue.
** A consortium led by private equity firms Hillhouse Capital Group and CDH Investments offered to buy Belle International Holdings Ltd in a deal valuing the entire Hong Kong-listed shoe retailer at about $6.8 billion.
** The Delhi High Court has approved a settlement of the $1.18 billion dispute between Tata Sons and NTT DoCoMo, allowing the Indian firm to buy out the Japanese firm's stake in the telecoms joint venture, TV news channels reported.
** Anglo-South African financial services group Old Mutual is selling its 26 percent stake in an Indian insurance joint venture Kotak Mahindra Bank for 156 million pounds ($201.75 million), as part of the group's planned break-up into four parts.
** Bayer's chief executive acknowledged that they will face an uphill battle to improve Monsanto's reputation once Bayer completes the takeover of the U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company.
** A leading advisor to pension schemes and other investors called for a review of Germany's rules around takeovers, in light of a planned takeover of U.S. agrochemicals company Monsanto by Bayer.
** Zodiac Aerospace's chief executive has offered their resignation after another profit warning from the French company, which is continuing talks with Safran to seal a merger and end a crisis in its aircraft seat factories.
** Hedge fund TCI Fund Management renewed pressure on France's Safran to suspend its bid to buy Zodiac Aerospace after the aircraft seats maker issued a second profit warning in as many months.
** The world's biggest container shipping company, Maersk Line, will pay 3.7 billion euros ($4.02 billion) for its acquisition of smaller German rival Hamburg Sud, it said.
** A group backed by KKR & Co said it would not undertake further work on a takeover offer for Australia's Tatts Group Ltd after its A$6.15 billion ($4.60 billion) cash bid was rejected by the lottery operator's board.
** Private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC is in advanced negotiations to acquire U.S. telephone conferencing services provider West Corp, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
** China Shengmu Organic Milk Ltd said that a deal to sell a controlling stake to Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co Ltd was scrapped after it failed to get regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before a deadline last week.
** Mexican breadmaker Grupo Bimbo said on Thursday it has entered the African market with the purchase of Adghal, a Morocco-based producer of baked goods.
** The Federal Trade Commission gave a private equity firm approval on Thursday to sell to Dollar General Corp 323 stores that Sycamore purchased as part of a divestiture package two years ago, the agency said on Thursday.
** Suncor Energy Inc, Canada's largest energy producer, is still evaluating opportunities for oil sands acquisitions in northern Alberta as foreign oil majors exit the high-cost region, Chief Executive Steve Williams said on Thursday.
** Italy's Atlantia has agreed to sell 10 percent of its domestic motorway unit to a series of investors including Allianz for 1.48 billion euros ($1.6 billion) as it presses ahead with plans to bid for Spanish rival Abertis.
** German industrial gases group Linde's $65 billion merger negotiations with U.S. peer Praxair are "on track" although slightly delayed, Linde's finance chief said.
** Once Sweden's SCA spins off its hygiene unit, that new company, to be called Essity, will be freer to bulk up in the growing market for consumer health and medical products, its chief executive said.
** A U.S. appeals court blocked health insurer Anthem Inc's bid to merge with Cigna, upholding a lower court's decision that the $54 billion deal should not be allowed because it would lead to higher prices for healthcare.
** Time Inc said it would not sell itself, but pursue a strategic plan to boost growth, sending its shares tumbling nearly 19 percent.
** Oil tanker firm Frontline said the high court in the Marshall Islands has agreed to hear on May 17 its complaint against takeover target DHT Holdings, which is incorporated in the remote Pacific republic, over a rival deal with BW Offshore.
** Fortress Investment Group LLC, the U.S. alternative asset manager to be acquired by Japan's SoftBank Group for $3.3 billion, is exploring divesting bond fund manager Logan Circle Partners, according to people familiar with the matter.
** The U.S. Federal Trade Commission gave its blessing to Emerson Electric Co's acquisition of industrial valve manufacturer Pentair PLC on condition that it sells Pentair's switchbox business to Crane Co. (Compiled by Tamara Mathias and Divya Grover in Bengaluru)
FILE PHOTO: The German Central Bank (Bundesbank) presents the new 50 euro banknotes at its headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
German Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries meets Chairman of the Managing Board of French carmaker PSA Group Carlos Tavares in Berlin, Germany, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Cash is crucial, Germany's economy minister said on Wednesday, defending the role of notes and coins in a debate in Europe about the merits of limiting cash payments to counterterrorism.
The European Commission is weighing stricter rules on the use of cash to cut terrorists' funding, and Germany's finance ministry - led by conservative Wolfgang Schaeuble - has said Berlin could imagine talking about a ceiling of 5,000 euros ($5,331.50).
Such a prospect is unwelcome to many Germans, who are renowned for their love of cash. The Bundesbank, Germany's central bank, said they carry an average of 103 euros on their person.
"Cash must remain an important means of payment," Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries, a Social Democrat, said in a statement.
"Even in the era of digitization, it is valid," they added, echoing a similar message from European Central Bank President Mario Draghi at the launch of a new 50 euro note on Tuesday.
Draghi said three-quarters of euro zone payments are made in cash, and that it remains essential for the economy despite the rise of digital payments.
The Bundesbank has warned that an upper limit on cash payments could lead to a loss of faith in the euro as a currency.
The ECB's decision last year to phase out the 500-euro banknote irked some at Germany's central bank, who feared people's freedom to store their savings in cash was being curtailed.
(Reporting by Paul Carrel; Editing by Stephen Powell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 United Game Tech Plc:
* Said on Friday realizes another successful capital increase
* A total of 1.34 million shares were placed at an issue price of 1.00 euro per share. The gross issuing proceeds therefore total 1.34 million euros ($1.46 million)
* The new shares were issued to long-term oriented, strategic investors and are subject to a lock-up period of 12 months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Golfer Tiger Woods speaks as they sit down to sign copies of their new book ''The 1997 Masters: My Story'' at a book signing event at a Barnes & Noble store in New York City, New York, U.S., March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Former world number one Tiger Woods said on Thursday they have undergone further surgery to help alleviate pain in their back and leg and could be away from competitive golf for another six months.
Woods, who has not played a tournament since pulling out of a European Tour event in February because of back spasms, has now undergone surgery on their ailing back four times since early 2014.
"The surgery went well, and I'm optimistic this will relieve my back spasms and pain," Woods, 41, said in a statement on their website. "When healed, I look forward to getting back to a normal life, playing with my kids, competing in professional golf and living without the pain I have been battling so long."
According to the statement the 14-times major winner will rest for several weeks before beginning therapy and treatment and, while each procedure and case is unique, patients typically return to full activity in about six months.
Due to previous herniations and three operations, Woods' bottom lower-back disc severely narrowed, causing sciatica and severe back and leg pain, according to the statement.
The statement said that conservative therapy, which included rehabilitation, medication, limiting activity and injections, had failed as a permanent solution, and Woods opted to have surgery.
Their latest operation was described as "minimally invasive" and entailed removing the damaged disc and re-elevating the collapsed disc space to normal levels.
Woods returned to the PGA Tour in January after a 17-month absence following back surgery. They missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open and shot an opening-round 77 a week later in Dubai before withdrawing.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Toby Davis)
MIAMI (WSVN) - Some South Florida children hopped on board a helicopter for a special tour, and it was all thanks to local businesses.
“Five, four, three … ” was the countdown heard before a few lucky children took flight. The Nam Knights Motorcycle Club took children from Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital and gave them a tour in a helicopter.
“It's my first time going in a helicopter ride,” said one of the children and patient Isabella Posada.
Families ventured to Markham Park, Sunday morning, and watched their kids take flight. “My son was diagnosed about a year and a half ago with a very rare genetic disease called Hunter's Syndrome,” said father Mario Estevez. “So we come every year so they could enjoy the helicopter ride.”
Helicopter owners and local businesses helped kids get out of the hospital and have a fun day out with their families.
“This event is so much fun for so many kids and it's really doing something great for the community and to be a part of that it's priceless,” said a mother. “For Sebastian. they have a weekly regiment of infusions for medication to keep healthy and keep them alive. To be able to come out and enjoy an event like this really is priceless.”
For the children, it's more than just a helicopter ride: it's a chance for these kids to get a unique view of the world.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have sent out a warning message after catching a driver sending an EMAIL while heading along the M1.
Officers pulled over a van driver suspected of using their phone on the motorway - only to find they were trying to work and commute at the same time.
The driver told officers they were "sending an email to work" when nabbed near Junction 23 yesterday morning, Thursday, February 1.
A post from the Tactical Roads Policing Team covering Leicestershire said: "Van stopped on the M1 motorway this morning in @leicspolice area near to Shepshed.
"Driver using mobile phone whilst driving. Stated they were sending an email to work! Driver reported."
Motorists caught using their phones behind the wheel can be fined £200 and given six penalty points.
For drivers who have had their licence for less than two years this can see them face a ban.
WASHINGTON, April 20 Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens said on Thursday that inflation expectations have largely stabilized and that the bank has fulfilled its role of preventing relative price changes from becoming generalized.
Inflation had moved out of the central bank's 2 to 4 percent target range because of changes to gasoline prices and the nominal exchange rate, Carstens said at the IMF-World Bank spring meetings in Washington, D.C. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper)
Columbia – Cleaning sidewalks, improving alleys and increasing the safety of downtown garages are among the goals of a new... More >>
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
TORONTO (Reuters) - Three unidentified people were killed when a helicopter crashed and burst into flames in a snowy field near Drummondville in Canada's Quebec province late on Thursday.
Canadian investigators were on site Friday morning, collecting evidence and talking to witnesses, said Transportation Safety Board regional manager Jean-Marc Ledoux.
Quebec provincial police spokesperson Hugo Fournier said one man and two women were killed in the crash, but declined to identify them.
GRAND FORKS, N.D. — Jamar Akoh scored 23 points on 10-of-12 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds on Saturday to lead Montana to its 11th-straight victory, and school-record seventh-straight on the road, 72-67 over North Dakota.
Fabijan Krslovic and Michael Oguine scored 12 points apiece for the Grizzlies (18-5, 11-0 Big Sky Conference), who made Travis DeCuire the fastest coach in league history to reach 50 wins — 65 games. Montana clinched when Ahmaad Rorie, who had nine points and seven assists, made two free throws with seven seconds left and Dale Jones missed a 3-point attempt for North Dakota.
Cortez Seales had 19 points for the Fighting Hawks (8-15, 3-8) and Conner Avants had 15 with 11 rebounds.
The Grizzlies got a 3-pointer from Rorie at the 5:05 mark to take the lead for good 59-57, and a 3 by Oguine to cap the 11-3 run for a 67-60 lead with 48 seconds left.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 13 BGC Partners Inc
* BGC Partners Inc says on April 12, entered into a controlled equity offering sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co
* BGC Partners Inc says may offer and sell up to 20 million shares of co's class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share under equity offering Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2o95s4k) Further company coverage:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
HONG KONG - Chinese Super League strugglers Jiangsu Suning became the first to qualify for the knockout phase of the Asian Champions League as compatriots Shanghai SIPG fell to their first defeat.
Jiangsu, runners-up in the Chinese Super League last year but currently bottom of the domestic standings, notched their fourth win in a row in the competition with a 3-0 dismissal of former champions Gamba Osaka from Japan on Tuesday.
The victory sealed the top spot in Group H and secured a place in the last 16. Adelaide United moved into second after their surprise 3-1 win over South Korea's Jeju United, with Gamba rooted to the bottom of the group. "Our team has shown a lot of strength," said coach Choi Yong-soo, who had goals from Alex Teixeira, Ramires and Hong Jeong-ho to thank for the win.
"Our opponent was more impatient than us and our counter-attacking worked. We won at home and it has erased the depression we have had from the domestic league games and made our fans happy," they said. "We have had a tough time in the CSL, but along with the return of some of our core players I believe we will get back on track very soon and come back with good results." Two-time champions Guangzhou Evergrande were replaced at the summit of Group C after Luiz Felipe Scolari's team were held to a 0-0 draw by Kawasaki Frontale.
Suwon Bluewings took sole possession of top spot with a 5-0 victory over Eastern from Hong Kong. And Japanese champions Kashima Antlers suffered a surprise 2-1 defeat at the hands of Brisbane Roar to allow Thailand's Muangthong United to move into first place in Group E with a 1-0 win over former champions Ulsan Hyundai. SIPG, meanwhile, slipped to their first loss in the competition against Urawa Red Diamonds as Rafael Silva scored the only goal. Ex-Chelsea star Oscar twice missed from the spot for SIPG, leaving the two teams level on nine points in Group F ahead of FC Seoul and Western Sydney Wanderers. "We have failed to qualify early and it is a pity," said Shanghai coach Andre Villas-Boas.
"We had a better second half and controlled the situation. Our opponent had a better first half though. Both sides hit the woodwork but they had more possession and caused us problems."
In the west of the continent, Saudi Arabia's Al Hilal moved to the top of Group D with a 1-0 win over Al Wahda of the United Arab Emirates, courtesy of Carlos Eduardo's first half penalty. Qatar's Al Rayyan secured the second spot after their 0-0 draw with Persepolis from Iran. Al Jazira, the UAE league leaders, have been eliminated despite their 0-0 draw with Al Fateh from Saudi Arabia in Group B, which is led by Lekhwiya following their 2-1 victory over Esteghlal Khouzestan. Jeddah-based Al Ahli retained top spot in Group C despite drawing 2-2 with last year's finalists Al Ain from the UAE.
Al Ain slipped to third in the group behind Iran's Zob Ahan with Uzbekistan's Bunyodkor eliminated, while another Iranian club, Esteghlal, and Al Ahli of the UAE share pole position in Group A ahead of Al Taawoun and Lokomotiv Tashkent.
(Reporting by Michael Church; editing by Mark Heinrich)
"I know I saw it late," Lehner said of Gunnarsson's goal. "They throw, I don't know, 60 or 70 shot attempts and one goes through. You want to be in position, but they scored the goal."
St. Louis won its fourth in five games while bouncing back from a 3-1 loss at Boston on Thursday. The Blues also continued their domination of the Sabres by improving to 11-1 in their past 12 meetings and 21-3 in their past 24 dating to the 1998-99 season.
The Sabres have dropped the first three games of a five-game homestand. And the Eastern Conference's last-place team continues having difficulty generating offence, particularly at home.
The Sabres are last in the league in scoring with 117 goals overall and just 47 in 24 home games.
Reinhart was frustrated when asked a second time about their missed opportunity.
"I've got to talk about it again? I mean, it is what it is," said Reinhart. "I don't know what you want me to say. I've got to put it in the net."
Both goalies put on a show.
Hutton made two key saves during a Sabres power play with just under eight minutes left. First they got a piece of Kyle Okposo's slap shot from the right circle and recovered in time to stop Ryan O'Reilly attempting to convert the rebound at the right post.
Lehner's best stops came during a short span just under six minutes into the third period. Evander Kane's giveaway led to Brayden Schenn breaking in alone. Faking right and going to their left, Schenn had Lehner down only to shoot it into the goalie's pad. Some five seconds later, Lehner got across to their left in time to smother Vladimir Tarasenko's one-timer from the slot.
"It could've gone either way," Sabres coach Phil Housley said. "It's just what we've got to deal with right now. We've got to find a way."
NOTES: Former Sabres captain and current Blues assistant coach Steve Ott nearly took the wrong turn out of the elevator on way to the locker room during first intermission. Ott laughed and said: "I didn't spend any time in the press box here as a healthy scratch." ... Sabres C Johan Larsson served the first of a two-game NHL suspension for cross-checking Florida forward Vincent Trocheck in the face during Buffalo's 4-2 loss on Thursday. ... The Sabres activated D Nathan Beaulieu from IR and sent RW Nicholas Baptiste to AHL Rochester.
UP NEXT
Blues: Host Minnesota on Tuesday.
Sabres: Continue a five-game homestand against Anaheim on Tuesday.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By John Wawrow, The Associated Press
April 6 Immofinanz Ag
* dgap-news: immofinanz: group profit for 2016a negatively influenced by russia and valuation effects, occupancy rate significantly increased, dividend of 6 cents/share planned
* Rental income // 156.7 million eur may - dec
* Ffo1 (excluding. Results of property sales and development) // 34.7 million eur may-dec
* Net profit for period from continuing operations // 26.9 million eur may-dec
* Russian portfolio is therefore presented as a discontinued operation in consolidated financial statements for 2016a
* Separation of russian retail properties through a sale or spin-off should be completed, as previously announced, by end of 2017.
* From current point of view, annual general meetings which will vote on merger of immofinanz und ca immo are expected to take place in 2018
* Payment of a dividend is also planned for current 2017 financial year
* Additional rental income from active development projects is expected to total approx. Eur 37.0 million at full occupancy
* Decline in rental income due to property sales (sale of non-core assets) will be offset by acquisitions, indexing and an increase in occupancy
* Normalisation of temporarily higher property expenses and other operating expenses should result in a positive ffo effect of approx. Eur 25.0 million over medium-term
* Financing costs are expected to decline by approx. Eur 30.0 million over coming years
* Immofinanz group recorded a loss of eur -182.0 million for abbreviated 2016 financial year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub, in Cushing, Oklahoma, March 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
U.S. crude stockpiles fell less than expected last week, while gasoline inventories grew as demand remained weak, the Energy Information Administration said on Wednesday, keeping concerns about global supply on a simmer.
Crude inventories USOILC=ECI fell by 930,000 barrels in the week to April 28, much less than analysts' expectations for a decrease of 2.3 million barrels. Although crude stocks have steadily declined for the last four weeks, at 527.8 million barrels they still 3 percent higher from this time a year ago.
"It has been another fairly uninspiring report for the bulls," said Matt Smith, director of commodity research at ClipperData.
The oil markets turned negative immediately after the report. U.S. crude futures CLc1 was down 16 cents at $47.50 a barrel by 10:50 a.m. EDT, while Brent LCOc1 fell 10 cents to $50.36 a barrel.
Analysts said the declines came in part after Tuesday's data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute, which showed bigger drawdowns.
Stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub for U.S. crude futures USOICC=ECI fell 728,000 barrels, EIA said.
U.S. crude production rose modestly again, and currently sits at 9.29 million barrels a day, highest since August 2015, while imports USOICI=ECI fell by 34,000 bpd.
Gasoline stocks USOILG=ECI rose by 191,000 barrels, compared with expectations in a Reuters poll for a 1.3 million-barrel gain.
Stocks of the motor fuel, at 241.2 million barrels, were still 10 percent higher than the seasonal average over the past decade, as gasoline demand for the past four weeks was down by 2.7 percent from the year-ago period.
"This is continuing a trend since the beginning of the year in which sales have been lower and that is casting a shadow on the market and pressuring crude oil prices," said Andrew Lipow, president of Lipow Oil Associates in Houston.
Refinery crude runs USOICR=ECI inched down from record highs, slipping 108,000 barrels per day, to 17.2 million bpd, as utilization rates USOIRU=ECI fell 0.8 percentage points to 93.3 percent of capacity, EIA data showed.
Distillate stockpiles USOILD=ECI, which include diesel and heating oil, fell by 562,000 barrels, versus expectations for a 723,000 barrel-increase, the EIA data showed.
(Additional reporting by Scott DiSavino and Ethan Lou; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
JERUSALEM Bank of Israel Governor Karnit Flug urged the government to use excess tax revenues to invest in infrastructure and education, rather than cutting taxes further.
Israel's tax revenues have been higher than expected over the past year and stand to get a 4 billion shekels ($1.1 bln) boost from capital gains tax if Intel's (INTC.O) planned $15.3 billion takeover of self-driving car tech firm Mobileye (MBLY.N) goes through this year.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon have said they want to cut taxes further if revenues keep rising, but Flug said investment in jobs, education and infrastructure were more important for economic growth and current levels of investment "indicate a troubling picture".
"It is clear that we don't want to lower taxes permanently because of increased collection from one-time factors, like the acquisition of Mobileye," Flug told reporters, noting Israel's level of taxation is relatively low.
Kahlon cut corporate tax by one percentage point to 24 percent at the start of 2017, and the rate will drop to 23 percent at the start of 2018. Income taxes were also reduced.
"There is a great preference for investment in infrastructure and education," Flug said.
Israel's investment in infrastructure is low relative to other countries and "negatively impacts on the economy's growth potential," Flug said.
At the same time, Flug said government spending per student is only about 75 percent of the OECD average and has led to Israelis performing poorly in tests of basic skills such as literacy, maths, writing and problem-solving in a digital environment.
Israel's economy grew 4 percent in 2016, higher than in most advanced economies, but is expected to slow this year.
(Reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
MADRID The European Central Bank is not yet ready to exit its bond-purchase programme though the growth outlook has improved, ECB chief economist Peter Praet said on Monday.
"We are not yet at this stage... It's premature to talk about exit", Praet said at an event in Madrid as they backed the ECB's guidance that rates will stay at the current level, or even fall, until well after the ECB's 2.3 trillion euros (£1.99 trillion) bond-purchase programme ends.
"Of course you always reassess the situation, this is an expectation we have with all the information we have, you never know what can happen. This is the most likely thing that will happen, there is a strong logic in the sequence of our forward guidance," they also said.
(Reporting by Jesus Aguado and Sarah White; Editing by Julien Toyer)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUESSELDORF, Germany German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday they were upbeat a deal would soon be struck on the review of Greece's bailout but added that they were not yet sure if this would be achieved at a euro zone finance ministers meeting on Friday.
Talks between Greece, the European Union and the Washington-based International Monetary Fund have dragged on for months due to differences over Greece's fiscal progress, labor and energy market reforms, rekindling worries of a new crisis in Europe.
(Reporting by Tom Kaeckenhoff; Writing by Michelle Martin)
FILE PHOTO: A Chinese 100 yuan banknote is placed under a $100 banknote (top) in this photo illustration taken in Beijing in this November 7, 2010 file photo. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic/File Photo
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump looks unlikely to formally declare China a currency manipulator next week just days after meeting Chinese President Xi Jinping, foreign exchange policy experts say, leaving a vocal Trump campaign pledge unmet, at least for now.
The U.S. Treasury would have to radically change its definitions of currency manipulation in order to squeeze China into that label for its next report due April 14, said these experts, several of whom contributed to past Treasury analysis of foreign exchange practices.
But over time, the Trump administration may consider changes to the Obama administration's currency definitions as the Treasury gains staff.
"It would be hard to come up with a credible standard that would catch China in the net," said David Dollar, a former U.S. Treasury economic liaison to China who is now a senior fellow at the Washington-based Brookings Institution.
Trump pledged to label China a currency manipulator on the first day of their administration, but so far has refrained.
A trade and customs enforcement law enacted last year set out three criteria for identifying manipulation among major trading partners: a "material" global current account surplus, a "significant" bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and persistent one-way intervention in foreign exchange markets.
The Treasury is required to demand special talks with any country meeting all three thresholds aimed at correcting an undervalued currency, with penalties such as exclusion from U.S. government procurement contracts available after a year.
Under the current Obama-defined thresholds, China only meets one of these criteria, based on its $347 billion goods trade surplus with the United States. Its central bank has for the past two years spent over $1 trillion to prop up the yuan's value - not to push it down. China's current account surplus, an indicator of its global trade balance, was 1.8 percent of GDP in 2016, well below the threshold for action.
The U.S. Treasury says it is "premature" to comment on the outcome of its currency review and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin has said it will adhere to past practice in its assessment, suggesting that radical changes will not be made in this publication.
"The conclusion among people like me from that seems to be that they're moving away from naming China," said Matthew Goodman, former Treasury official who wrote currency reports during the Clinton administration and is now at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies.
But with the Trump administration pushing a trade agenda aimed at reducing U.S. trade deficits, particularly those with China, experts said that they expect the Trump administration to consider changes aimed at deterring future manipulations.
Treasury will be in a much better position to make such changes for its October currency report, said Derek Scissors, a resident scholar and China trade expert at the American Enterprise Institute.
"I would be very surprised if a year from now the Obama criteria were still in place," Scissors said.
The most logical option would be to lengthen the time period for reviewing currency market interventions from 12 months to several years, capturing more past interventions by China, according to the policy experts.
One senior South Korean official told Reuters that doing this would likely lead to manipulator designations for South Korea, Taiwan and possibly other countries.
Treasury also could reduce the current account surplus threshold below 3 percent of GDP to try to capture more potential offenders, but that would be at odds with longstanding views of the International Monetary Fund and G20 finance officials that 3 pct of GDP is about where surpluses start to become a concern.
Currency Manipulation Graphic: here
(Reporting by David Lawder; additional reporting by Christine Kim in Seoul; Editing by David Chance and Grant McCool)
DUBAI, April 23 Saudi Arabia's stock market is set to get a boost on Sunday, improving sentiment in other regional markets, after King Salman issued a royal decree on Saturday restoring financial allowances for Saudi civil servants and military personnel.
The allowances had been cut last September as part of austerity measures due to low oil prices; officials said on Saturday that the cuts had been cancelled because of better-than-expected budgetary performance in the first quarter of 2017.
One local economist had estimated the government would save about 50 billion riyals ($13.3 billion) annually with last September's pay cuts, so their cancellation could give the economy a significant boost.
However, it seems likely that the government will remain very cautious in hiring and using overtime, and new austerity steps loom, including the introduction of a tax on tobacco and sugary drinks - projected to raise up to 10 billion riyals - this quarter and the imposition of value-added tax next year. So there may not be a sustained surge in consumer spending.
The Saudi stock index, last at 6,899 points, faces technical resistance at the April peak of 7,107 points.
Retailer Fawaz Al Hokair is one company that could benefit from the civil servant pay news. On Sunday it reported fourth-quarter net income of 79.35 million riyals, up from 3.17 million riyals a year earlier, citing cost-cutting. But sales dropped 6.3 percent to 1.42 billion riyals.
The global market environment is mildly negative for Middle Eastern stocks; MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe fell 0.2 percent on Friday while Brent crude oil slipped back to around $52 a barrel.
United Arab Emirates markets are closed on Sunday for a public holiday. (Additional reporting by Celine Aswad; Reporting by Andrew Torchia)
DUBAI, March 30 Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways are lending some passengers laptop computers and tablets to use on their flights following the new U.S. ban on allowing passengers' to take their own devices into the cabin on flights to the United States.
The security measures introduced on March 25 could deal a blow to the big, fast-growing Gulf airlines, which depend on business-class flyers stopping over in places like Dubai or Doha for far-flung destinations.
Qatar Airways said on Thursday complimentary laptops would be available to business class passengers travelling to the United States from next week.
Business class passengers will collect the laptops just prior to boarding, where they will also be able to hand over their own devices to be stowed in the hold with checked-in luggage, the Doha-based airline said in a statement.
Similarly, Etihad emailed frequent flyer members on Tuesday to announce it would lend out tablets and offer unlimited wifi to busines and first-class passengers travelling on U.S.-bound flights.
Reuters has seen a copy of the email.
Etihad has previously said passengers could hand over prohibited devices at the gate in order to minimise the disruption.
Emirates is also considering loaning devices to passengers travelling to the United States, President Tim Clark was quoted as telling Bloomberg on Monday.
The airline was the first to say its passengers could hand over devices immediately prior to boarding.
The new regulations apply to direct flights to the United Statesfrom 10 airports in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, including Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
The regulations, prompted by reports that militant groups want to smuggle explosive devices in electronic gadgets, state that electronics larger than a mobile phone - including laptops and tablets - must be stowed with checked baggage on U.S.-bound passenger flights.
Industry experts argue the ban could weaken passenger demand for the Gulf carriers on U.S. routes, especially among business travellers who use the long flying time to complete work on their laptops. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai, Tom Finn in London and Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
* Japanese demand underpins dollar, offsets N. Korea concerns
* Euro nurses losses after plumbing three-week lows
TOKYO, April 5 The dollar regained some traction against the yen in Asian trade on Wednesday, but remained under pressure after North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea.
The launch, which came just ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders, underpinned demand for the perceived safe-haven Japanese currency, which tends to gain in times of geopolitical tension or risk aversion.
The dollar got some help from Japanese importers on a "gotobi" date - a multiple of five - on which accounts are traditionally settled.
"Today, there is real demand for the dollar, on 'gotobi,' so its downside should be limited," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
But concerns about the upcoming China-U.S. summit capped the dollar's upside, as well as rising speculation that U.S. President Donald Trump will face challenges implementing their promised policies in the wake of their administration's failure to pass healthcare reform.
"People want to wait and see how Trump can carry out their promises when it comes to infrastructure" and tax reform, Ogino added.
The dollar edged up 0.1 percent to 110.85 yen, moving away from its overnight low of 110.27, but well below last Friday's 10-day peak of 112.19 yen.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, was slightly down on the day at 100.50, as slumping U.S. Treasury yields also gave investors little incentive to buy the greenback.
The benchmark U.S. Treasury yield touched its lowest levels since February overnight. It last stood at 2.353 percent in Asian trading, not far from its U.S. close of 2.350 percent. It had been trading at levels above 2.40 percent as recently as Monday.
The euro, meanwhile, edged up 0.1 percent to $1.0681 after plumbing a three-week low of $1.0636 on Tuesday.
The Australian dollar added 0.1 percent to $0.7569, pulling away from a three-week low of $0.7545 hit in the previous session.
Australia's central bank held rates steady for an eighth month on Tuesday as widely expected, but expressed concerns over soaring property prices and weak employment conditions. (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Eric Meijer)
March 28 Australian shares clawed back lost ground on Tuesday, with financials and energy stocks outperforming the index, as investors shifted their focus back to the regional market.
Shares had fallen as much as 1 percent in the previous session taking cues from Wall Street's fall on Friday, with miners accounting for most of the losses.
The S&P/ASX 200 index gained 1 percent, or 56.10 points to 5,802.80 by 0052 GMT.
What's driving the market "is a more inward looking view on the Australian market," said James McGlew, executive director of corporate stock-broking at Argonaut adding that the market "doesn't necessarily have to get dragged along by what's happening on the Wall Street."
Financials led the gains, with the index rising 1.5 percent. The "Big Four" banks rose 1.4 percent to 1.8 percent.
On Friday, Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Australia and New Zealand Banking Group hiked mortgage rates for speculative buyers as part of an intensifying campaign by regulators to hose down a heated housing market.
Earlier, National Australia Bank and Westpac Banking Corp made similar hikes, citing regulations, higher funding costs and intense competition.
The energy index rose as much as 1.3 percent to its highest in over a month, with Woodside Petroleum, Oil Search and Origin Energy rising 0.9 to 1.4 percent.
Material stocks rose 0.7 percent with miners BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals Group gaining between 1.1 to 1.4 percent.
"Material stocks are moving on the positive sentiment in the market," McGlew added.
Bucking the broader trend, gold stocks fell 0.8 percent, even as gold prices rose more than 1 percent.
The gold index had finished nearly 2 percent higher on Monday.
Gold miner Newcrest Mining, St Barbara and Northern Star Resources fell between 0.7 percent to 3.5 percent.
Shares of department store giant Myer Holdings fell 3.6 percent, after it said it had not received any communication related to any corporate activity on Monday.
On Monday, the Australian Financial Review quoted sources as saying 10 percent of Myer's shares were bought by Australian business person Solomon Lew at a premium. (bit.ly/2o7GLpo)
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index declined marginally, with losses in telecom and real estate stocks erasing gains in healthcare and financial sectors.
Spark New Zealand and Mercury NZ dragged the index down, losing 1 percent and 1.3 percent, respectively.
For more individual stocks activity click on
(Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Sandhya Sampath; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
(Corrects name of speaker in paragraphs 6-7 to Chief Executive Oleg Bagrin from Senior Vice President Grigory Fedorishin)
MOSCOW, April 28 Russian steelmaker NLMK's core earnings more than doubled in the first quarter, beating expectations, on higher prices and export sales and an improving domestic economy.
Steel manufacturers in Russia, such as market leader NLMK and its closest competitor Evraz, have struggled over the last two years as oversupply helped to push world steel prices to 11-year lows and Russia's economic crisis sapped domestic demand.
But prices have picked up and prospects for the sector are expected to improve further this year on expectations of the Russian economy returning to growth.
"In Q1 2017, NLMK Group was able to grow sales in the EU and U.S. markets against a backdrop of higher internal demand," NLMK Chief Financial Officer Sergey Karataev said in a statement.
NLMK, controlled by Russian billionaire Vladimir Lisin, posted earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) totalled $618 million, beating an average of analysts' forecasts in a Reuters poll of $598 million. EBITDA was $290 million in the first quarter of last year.
Chief Executive Oleg Bagrin said NLMK's stronger earnings could lead management to recommend a first quarter dividend payout higher than that outlined in its policy.
Speaking on a conference call with investors, Bagrin said the matter would be discussed at a board meeting on Friday.
"Probably, given the financial position and performance of the company, the dividend payout proposed by the management will be above the policy targets," they said.
NLMK's current policy states that dividend payouts are to be made in the range of 50 percent of net income and 50 percent of free cash flow, as long as the company's net debt to EBITDA ratio is one or below.
Its net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.4 in the first quarter while free cash flow totalled $208 million, down 24 percent year-on-year.
NLMK's revenue rose 37 percent year-on-year to $2.2 billion on higher prices for its products, the company said.
Net profit was $323 million in the first three months of 2017, versus $57 million in the same period last year when the company said its earnings were hit by losses incurred from exchange rate fluctuations. (Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Jane Merriman and Adrian Croft)
April 10 Gartner Inc:
* Worldwide IT spending is projected to total $3.5 trillion in 2017, a 1.4 percent increase from 2016
* Worldwide spending on devices is projected to grow 1.7 percent in 2017, to reach $645 billion
* Mobile phone growth in 2017 will be driven by increased average selling prices for phones in emerging Asia/Pacific and China
* "Business-friendly policies of new U.S. administration are expected to have a slightly positive impact on U.S. implementation service market" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Yoghurt by French foods group Danone are seen in this photo illustration shot in Strasbourg, April 15, 2015. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler/File Photo
PARIS French food group Danone (DANO.PA) on Thursday raised its guidance for recurring earnings per share (EPS) growth for 2017, having now closed its $12.5 billion acquisition of U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave foods Co.
Danone said it was targeting double-digit recurring EPS at constant exchange rates for 2017.
In February, Danone said it was targeting earnings per share growth of above 5 percent in 2017, excluding WhiteWave, having achieved growth of 9.3 percent in 2016.
Danone announced in July 2016 plans to buy WhiteWave - maker of Silk almond milk and Earthbound Farm Organic salad - in its largest acquisition since 2007, a move it said would double the size of its U.S. business. The deal closed April 12.
The world's largest yoghurt maker, with brands including Actimel and Activia, also reported a 0.7 percent rise in first-quarter underlying sales to 5.46 billion euros (4.56 billion pounds).
The quarterly performance was in line with the company-compiled average of 18 analyst estimates of 0.6 percent like-for-like growth in group sales.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by GV De Clercq)
CAPE TOWN Flanker Jaco Kriel scored a controversial try just before halftime to lead the Lions to a 29-16 bonus-point victory over the previously unbeaten Stormers in their Super Rugby clash at Newlands on Saturday.
Kriel looked to have been held up in the tackle as they crossed the tryline, but Television Match Official Shaun Veldsman awarded the score, to go with tries from hooker Malcolm Marx, centre Harold Vorster and wing Sylvian Mahuza.
It was a deserved victory for last year's beaten finalists, their first ever in a Super Rugby game at Newlands, as they won the physical battles, were dominant in the scrum and defended with great heart.
The Stormers' only try came via in-form wing Dillyn Leyds as they slipped to a first defeat in seven games this season and relinquished top spot in the South African Group to their visitors.
The Lions made the perfect start when Marx barged over from a driving maul inside four minutes, but suffered a set-back shortly afterwards when centre Rohan Janse van Rensburg left the field with a knee injury.
The home side took the lead as Leyds completed a fine move that had started in their own half, but the Lions regained the advantage when Vorster, on as a substitute for Janse van Rensburg, picked a hole in the Stormers backline to score.
The advantage swung again when Kriel was sent to the sin-bin after 25 minutes for a dangerous tackle on Du Preez, who kicked a second penalty to edge the home side ahead again.
Elton Jantjies swung the score back in their side's favour before a moment of controversy tightened their grip.
Kriel had only been back on the pitch for a couple of minutes when they crossed the line, but looked to be held up.
Referee Jaco Peyper asked Veldsman to assist, saying they could see no clear evidence of the ball having been grounded.
TV replays suggested the same, but Veldsman claimed they could see “compelling evidence” that the ball had touched the ground and awarded the try as the Lions led 22-13 at halftime.
There was no score in the first 30 minutes of the second half as the Stormers lacked ideas in the face of some staunch Lions defence.
Fullback SP Marais closed the gap for the home side with a penalty, but two minutes later the Lions sealed the win as substitute Mahuza scored in the corner.
(Reporting By Nick Said; Editing by Toby Davis)
LONDON An UK court ruled on Wednesday that Ukraine did not provide "justiciable defence" in a $3 billion (2.40 billion pounds) Eurobond case brought by Russia against Kiev and that it would not be right for the case to go to full trial.
Judge William Blair said in the pre-trial hearing that the court had given the case careful consideration but added:
"Ultimately this is a claim for repayment of debt instruments to which the court has held there is no justiciable defence. It would not be right to order the case to go forward to a full trial in these circumstances."
Russia had requested a summary judgement - a move often used to speed up procedures - meaning the court after examining Ukraine's defence arguments would decide if they are likely to stand up in court. Both sides can appeal the judgement.
Ukraine's lawyer asked the court for an interim stay of execution.
The case centres around a $3 billion Russia lent in December 2013 to Ukraine under former President Viktor Yanukovich in the form of a Eurobond governed by English law. Moscow wants the bond to be repaid in full but Kiev insists Russia should have participated in a 2015 restructuring of Ukrainian Eurobonds.
(Reporting by Karin Strohecker; writing by Sujata Rao)
Singer Adele joins vigil for victims of London tower block inferno
LONDON, June 15 Singer Adele was among people who gathered on Wednesday night close to a London tower block that was destroyed in a catastrophic fire, according to posts on social media.
April 28 Australian markets were dragged lower by miners on Friday, after dips in overnight commodity prices pared previous sessions' gains while New Zealand stocks surged to a seven-month high, led by industrial and utility shares.
The S&P/ASX 200 index fell 24.841 points or 0.41 percent to 5,897 by 0254 GMT. The metals index fell to its lowest in four months, pressured by falls among giants such as BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Newcrest Mining .
Financials rose marginally, propped up mostly by insurance companies. Three of the "Big Four" banking stocks fell ahead of earnings next week.
"For banks, I think dividends will be a big focus next week. Cash earnings next week are likely to be constrained, and dividends are expected to be steady," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at Optionsxpress.
They expect the net interest margins to come under pressure since the Reserve Bank of Australia interest rates are quite low. They said they are also watching bad and doubtful debts cycle closely, although cash earnings will also be an important focal point.
Australia and New Zealand Banking Corp and National Australia Bank report results next week.
Among commodities stocks, the gold index fell 3.34 percent, with Northern Star Resources, Alacer Gold Corp , Evolution Mining losing the most.
Oil majors Woodside Petroleum, Beach Energy Ltd and Oil Search fell after prices took off towards a second straight weekly loss.
Qantas Airways fell nearly 1 percent after it said Thursday it would axe its Melbourne-Dubai-London flights operated in partnership with Emirates. Rival Virgin Australia Holdings was flat.
In overnight commodities trade, copper and zinc fell on Thursday after concerns about demand from China and tax cuts in the U.S. rattled nerves.
Some bleeding was contained by higher China iron prices - the most traded iron-ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange rose on Friday, in line with China steel prices which rose for a third straight session overnight.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.235 percent or 17.3 points to 7,371.91, breaching the six-month high it had recorded over the last two sessions, to hit its highest since September 12.
Gains were led by transport and industrial stocks - Auckland International Airport recorded its biggest percentage gain in six weeks, while supply chain logistics company Mainfreight Ltd rose 1.2 percent.
For more individual stocks activity click on (Reporting by Aparajita Saxena, Additional reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
HOUSTON — The road hasn't been kind to Army in two tries so far this season. Coach Jeff Monken is intent on changing that.
"We'd like to win a road game. We haven't done that this year," Monken said. "I talked to the guys about that."
The Black Knights (3-2) have won all three of their games at home, including a comeback 35-21 victory last week over winless UTEP on a windswept day at Michie Stadium. Next up is Rice (1-4), which is coming off a 42-10 loss at Pittsburgh .
The Panthers did what the Owls have become accustomed to, scoring on their first three possessions to quickly take control of the game. Rice registered only 14 first downs and was forced to punt seven times as Pitt held the ball for nearly 10 minutes longer.
"We only had two three-and-outs on the day, but a lot of our issues have been self-inflicted wounds," Rice coach David Bailiff said. "It's a receiver with a procedure penalty. That's focus. It's a running back on the wrong side of the quarterback. That's focus issues. We have to continue to work on focusing during the tough times. You can't have those times of breakdowns that are self-inflicted."
Army's triple option continues to purr behind senior quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw and its hard-running fullbacks. The Black Knights rank third nationally in rushing, averaging 363.6 yards and 6.2 per carry. The latter figure is tops among the three service academies.
"They're relentless offensively," Bailiff said. "They're averaging 33 minutes a game (possession time). So our offence, when we have the ball, has got to score points because you don't have the ball a lot."
Other things to know when Army visits Rice on Saturday:
SPUTTERING OWLS
Rice has scored more than one touchdown just once this season and has been unable to execute the ball-control style Bailiff strives for and Army thrives on. The Owls have been outscored 59-3 in the first quarter and 55-14 in the second. Against Pitt, Rice QB Jackson Tyner hit Austin Walter for a 70-yard touchdown. Take away that score and Tyner finished 14 of 31 for 152 yards with three interceptions.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday they will either renegotiate or terminate what they called a "horrible" free trade deal with South Korea and said Seoul should pay for a U.S. anti-missile system that they priced at $1 billion.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump called the five-year-old trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable" and said it would be targeted for renegotiation after their administration completes a revamp of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
They blamed the U.S.-Korean trade deal, known as KORUS, on their 2016 Democratic presidential election opponent, Hillary Clinton, who as secretary of state promoted the final version of the trade pact before its approval by Congress in 2011.
"It is unacceptable, it is a horrible deal made by Hillary," the Republican Trump said. "It's a horrible deal, and we are going to renegotiate that deal or terminate it."
Asked when they would announce their intention to renegotiate the deal, Trump said: "Very soon. I'm announcing it now."
Trump's comments stunned South Korean financial markets, sending Seoul stocks and the won currency into reverse even as the country's economic outlook has started to brighten.
South Korea's foreign ministry said Seoul would continue to explain to the Trump administration the benefits of the free trade deal. Washington had not officially filed a request to Seoul to renegotiate the agreement, it said.
"Our government will keep monitoring the situation and continue our efforts to explain to the United States the mutually reciprocal outcome of the South Korea-U.S. FTA, while preparing for countermeasures," the ministry said.
With global demand improving, exports of goods such as cars and electronics have been leading a recovery in South Korea and a number of other trade-reliant Asian economies such as Japan and Taiwan, boosting their manufacturing sectors.
"Talk and actual policy are different," a high-ranking official at South Korea's finance ministry, who declined to be identified as they are not authorized to speak to the media, told Reuters.
KORUS was initially negotiated by the Republican administration of President George W. Bush in 2007, but that version was scrapped and renegotiated by President Barack Obama's Democratic administration three years later.
The U.S. goods trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since KORUS took effect in March 2012, from $13.2 billion in 2011 to $27.7 billion in 2016, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
THAAD PAYMENT
Trump said the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system now being deployed in South Korea to defend against a potential missile attack from North Korea would cost about $1 billion and questioned why the United States was paying for it.
"I informed South Korea it would be appropriate if they paid. It's a billion-dollar system," Trump said. "It's phenomenal, shoots missiles right out of the sky."
Asked about the remarks, South Korea's defence ministry said in a statement there was no change to the existing agreement that Seoul provides land for the deployment while Washington shoulders the cost of installing and operating the system.
Moon Jae-in, the South Korean presidential frontrunner, said the new government should have given the choice to decide whether to agree to the deployment.
"I'll decide after sufficient public consensus and parliamentary approval," they said at a televised presidential debate ahead of the May 9 election.
Their top foreign policy adviser earlier told Reuters that Trump's suggestion would be an "impossible option" because the U.S. military operates the system.
The U.S. military started the deployment of THAAD in early March, despite strong opposition from China, which worries the system's powerful radar can be used to spy into its territory.
Lockheed Martin Corp is the prime contractor for the THAAD system.
A former U.S. State Department official estimated the cost of the system at about $1.2 billion but said the United States would not want to sell THAAD to Seoul.
"We want to retain THAAD in our arsenal, consistent with all other U.S. weapons systems deployed on the Korean peninsula. We own them. We retain them. We have the right to redeploy them," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
(Reporting by David Lawder and Phil Stewart, additional reporting by James Pearson, Christine Kim, Ju-min Park and Soyoung Kim in Seoul, Editing by Howard Goller and Bill Tarrant)
March 29 Asatsu-DK Inc:
* To retire 400,000 shares (0.95 pct stake) of its common stock on April 14
* Says the total shares outstanding will be 41,755,400 shares after the retirement
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/5ksQOv
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
(Reuters) - Britain's Labour Party is considering moving some of Bank of England's functions to Birmingham, from its current home in Threadneedle Street in the City of London, according to an interim report on the British financial system released on Sunday.
A man wears a bowler hat outside the Bank of England in the City of London, Britain, November 2, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Launched by the opposition Labour Party's finance policy chief John McDonnell, the report was led by consultants GFC Economics.
The report's main recommendations included establishing BoE offices in Glasgow, Cardiff and Belfast, along with two smaller regional offices in Newcastle and Plymouth. It also called for locating Labour's National Investment Bank in Birmingham.
Britain's output from high-tech industries has fallen on average over the last 10 years, the report said, with only one other EU member performing more poorly.
Investment in manufacturing, information and communications technology and other critical sectors in Britain are lagging 28 billion pounds behind investment in real estate companies, the report added.
Commenting on the report, Labour's Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell said, “This important report drums home the message that our financial system isn't delivering enough investment across the whole country, and in the high-technology industries and firms of the future where it is needed most”.
The report said that the proposed recommendations will be considered for inclusion in the next Labour manifesto.
MONTREAL — A four-year tentative agreement has been reached between Canadian Pacific Railway and the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference to end a strike hours after it began.
The parties also reached a five-year deal for the Kootenay Valley Railway.
Full operations at both railways will resume Thursday morning across Canada, the union said in a news release.
"We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying," stated union president Doug Finnson.
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) are illuminated with a giant euro sign at the start of the ''Luminale, light and building'' event in Frankfurt, Germany, March 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
VALLETTA The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders' costs and also hit British banks after Brexit.
The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further.
The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalized holding company.
The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters.
It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU.
But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders' capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches.
The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to "regulatory arbitrage" where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company's capital requirements.
The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said.
Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs (GS.N), JP Morgan Chase (JPM.N), Bank of America (BAC.N) or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (601398.SS), carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability.
The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB.
This would mark a broadening of the central bank's supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU.
The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU's banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors' funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers' money.
CLASH OF VIEWS
EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc's finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda.
The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders' risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys' meeting said.
But the legislative change would hit EU's larger financial centers making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain "strongly disagreed" with the ECB proposal, the source said.
Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe's biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission.
In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, "risking significant disruption" to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU.
British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
ROME, April 5 An Italian government measure aimed at defending companies from hostile takeovers will require disclosure when an investor takes a 10-percent stake in any listed company, according to a draft of the bill.
The measure would require investors who take stakes of more than 10, 20 or 25 percent in listed companies to write a letter of intent describing their objectives for the next six months, according to a draft seen by Reuters.
It has still not been decided whether the measure will be inserted into a larger competition bill, or whether it will be passed separately, Industry Minister Carlo Calenda told reporters.
(Reporting by Giuseppe Fonte, writing by Steve Scherer)
LONDON May 3 Banks are readying around £450m of debt financing to back a sale of IT and outsourcing firm Civica as a sale process gets set to kick off shortly, banking sources said on Wednesday.
OMERS Private Equity acquired Civica from 3i in 2013 for £390m, backed with £255m of leveraged loans, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
It has now decided to sell the company, hiring Goldman Sachs on the process, which is due to attract a number of interested buyers, the sources said.
OMERS declined to comment.
Some £450m of debt financing equates to around 6.5 times Civica's approximate £60m Ebitda, the sources said.
Civica is the latest sale set to kick off as the number of M&A situations in the market grows.
Cash rich lenders will be gunning for buyout firms to win the auction processes, in a bid to put money to work.
Civica provides a wide range of specialised software systems and technology-based outsourcing for clients in sectors including the government and national security, housing, healthcare, education and regulated markets such as the police, local councils and law firms.
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
** The Wall Street bank's shares down 2.0 pct at $52.10 premarket
** Reported a fall in quarterly profit, hit by weaker mortgage banking fees and higher costs; Net income fell to $5.06 bln from $5.09 bln a year ago
** Mortgage banking revenue fell to $1.23 bln from $1.59 bln last year
** EPS $1.00 vs est. 96 cents/shr; Rev fell 0.9 pct to $22 bln
** Wells Fargo has been beset since September by a scandal over its creation of unauthorized customer accounts
** Warren Buffet's Berkshire said "investment or valuation considerations" were not factors in its sale of 7.13 mln Wells Fargo shares this week, and planned sale of another 1.87 mln shares "in the near future."
** JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup reported better-than-expected profit on Thursday
** Up to Wednesday's close, stock had risen 16.6 pct since President Donald Trump's won the election on Nov 8
Logos of Tencent are displayed at a news conference in Hong Kong, China March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
HONG KONG Chinese social media and gaming giant Tencent Holdings said on Tuesday it will open an artificial intelligence (AI) research facility in Seattle in the United States, to be led by former Microsoft scientist Yu Dong.
Yu, who has been appointed as deputy head of Tencent's AI Lab division, will run the new lab as well as spearhead research in speech recognition and natural language understanding, the company said.
Tencent, which owns the popular WeChat messaging app, is Asia's most valuable company with a market capitalization of nearly $300 billion.
Shenzhen-headquartered Tencent is one of a number of Chinese technology juggernauts that are stepping up efforts in AI research. Tencent's WeChat has more than 889 million monthly active users.
Tencent has more than 50 researchers and more than 200 engineers at its AI Lab in Shenzhen, which was established in April 2016, according to the company.
China's "Big Three" tech firms - Tencent, Baidu Inc and Alibaba - have been competing to attract top-notch talent.
Yu, a speech recognition and deep learning expert, was the principal researcher at Microsoft Research Institute's Speech and Dialog Group before joining Tencent.
Baidu suffered a setback to its AI ambitions after its chief scientist Andrew Ng resigned in March, shortly before Tencent announced it has poached Baidu's former big data director Zhang Tong to head up its AI Lab.
Yu is looking to build a team of around 20 for the Seattle lab, according to Tencent.
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - The Latest leaderboard in the third round from the PGA Championship at the par-71 course on Saturday in Charlotte, North Carolina holes played rounds -9 Kevin Kisner (U.S.) 10 67 67 -8 Chris Stroud (U.S.) 11 68 68 Hideki Matsuyama (Japan) 10 70 64 -5 Louis Oosthuizen (South Africa) 11 70 67 Jason Day (Australia) 10 70 66 -4 Justin Thomas (U.S.) 11 73 66 Rickie Fowler (U.S.) 11 69 70 -3 Gary Woodland (U.S.) 14 68 74 Paul Casey (Britain) 11 69 70 -2 Scott Brown (U.S.) 13 73 68 Patrick Reed (U.S.) 14 69 73 -1 Francesco Molinari (Italy) 11 73 64 Kang Sung-Hoon (Korea) 12 70 71 Grayson Murray (U.S.) 13 68 73 James Hahn (U.S.) 16 73 70 Ryan Fox (New Zealand) 12 75 66 Chez Reavie (U.S.) 13 72 70 0 An Byeong Hun (Korea) 12 71 69 Tony Finau (U.S.) 15 69 74 Robert Streb (U.S.) 17 74 70 Chris Wood (Britain) 17 72 72 1 J.B. Holmes (U.S.) 18 74 73 67 Henrik Stenson (Sweden) 18 74 70 70 Graham DeLaet (Canada) 14 70 73 Satoshi Kodaira (Japan) 18 71 76 67 2 Pat Perez (U.S.) 18 70 76 69 Richard Sterne (South Africa) 18 73 72 70 Brian Harman (U.S.) 17 69 75 Matt Kuchar (U.S.) 18 71 74 70 Billy Horschel (U.S.) 18 76 70 69 D.A. Points (U.S.) 12 68 73 Zach Johnson (U.S.) 18 71 73 71 Bryson DeChambeau (U.S.) 17 73 71 Jordan Smith (Britain) 18 70 75 70 3 Sean O'Hair (U.S.) 18 71 75 70 Thorbjorn Olesen (Denmark) 18 67 78 71 Brooks Koepka (U.S.) 13 68 73 Jordan Spieth (U.S.) 18 72 73 71 Ian Poulter (Britain) 18 74 71 71 Jim Herman (U.S.) 18 69 75 72 Charl Schwartzel (South Africa) 18 74 70 72 Shane Lowry (Ireland) 14 74 69 Ryan Moore (U.S.) 13 71 71 Kevin Chappell (U.S.) 18 72 75 69 Rory McIlroy (Britain) 16 72 72 Jon Rahm (Spain) 18 70 75 71 David Lingmerth (Sweden) 18 72 73 71 Patrick Cantlay (U.S.) 14 72 71 4 Jason Kokrak (U.S.) 18 75 70 72 Lucas Glover (U.S.) 18 75 70 72 Kelly Kraft (U.S.) 18 73 73 71 Marc Leishman (Australia) 18 75 71 71 Bill Haas (U.S.) 17 75 69 Alexander Noren (Sweden) 15 74 69 Dustin Johnson (U.S.) 18 70 74 73 Keegan Bradley (U.S.) 18 74 70 73 Steve Stricker (U.S.) 18 75 70 72 Jamie Lovemark (U.S.) 18 74 71 72 5 Tommy Fleetwood (Britain) 18 70 75 73 Daniel Summerhays (U.S.) 15 76 67 Jason Dufner (U.S.) 18 74 72 72 Bud Cauley (U.S.) 14 69 74 Webb Simpson (U.S.) 18 76 70 72 6 Charley Hoffman (U.S.) 18 75 71 73 7 Kim Kyung-Tae (Korea) 18 73 72 75 Lee Westwood (Britain) 18 73 72 75 Hideto Tanihara (Japan) 18 71 75 74 8 Omar Uresti (U.S.) 16 74 70 Adam Scott (Australia) 18 71 76 74 Anirban Lahiri (India) 18 72 73 76 Dylan Frittelli (South Africa) 17 73 71 Cody Gribble (U.S.) 18 72 75 74 10 Russell Henley (U.S.) 18 75 71 77 11 Vijay Singh (Fiji) 18 75 70 79 12 Charles Howell III (U.S.) 18 78 69 78
KUALA LUMPUR More than one hundred foreigners died in the past two years in Malaysia's immigration detention centres from various diseases and unknown causes, according to documents from the government–funded National Human Rights Commission reviewed by Reuters.
The toll, which has not been previously disclosed, is based on Malaysian immigration department data provided to the commission, which is known by its Malay acronym Suhakam. There were 83 deaths in 2015, and at least 35 in 2016 up to Dec. 20.
It is unclear whether the death rate is higher than in neighbouring countries. Government officials in Indonesia and Thailand told Reuters they do not disclose such numbers. The rate is higher than in major industrialized nations such as the United States, which in the last financial year recorded 10 deaths in its immigration detention system, which has many more detainees than Malaysia's.
More than half of the 118 dead are from Myanmar, the source for tens of thousands of refugees coming to Malaysia, including Rohingya Muslims escaping persecution by Myanmar's authorities and its majority Buddhist population. The number of Rohingya fatalities in the camps is unknown.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has been a harsh critic of the Myanmar government and its de-facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi after a crackdown in October by Myanmar's security forces led many Rohingyas to flee across its borders amid multiple allegations of mass killings and gang rapes by troops. They have called for foreign intervention to stop the “genocide” in Myanmar.
Najib's office did not return calls seeking comment.
"The numbers are too many and are shocking and it calls for the overhaul of the system," said Jerald Joseph, one of eight commissioners at Suhakam, which was established by the Malaysian parliament through an act in 1999 and is due to publicly announce the numbers next week in its annual report on human rights issues in Malaysia.
They described conditions at the centres, some of which they have visited, as “appalling” and said the deaths should be investigated as a criminal matter. The illnesses that led to some of the deaths may have been caused or exacerbated by poor sanitation and food, physical abuse and a lack of medical attention, said Joseph, who was speaking on behalf of the commission.
BRUTAL CONDITIONS
Malaysia's home ministry, which oversees the immigration department, said it was trying to improve the conditions in the centres but that its budget was constrained.
“I agree there is some overcrowding and the conditions are not ideal. We are always trying to improve the procedures, health conditions and management of these sites. The problem is we hit a budget brick wall," said deputy home minister Nur Jazlan Mohamed in an interview.
They said there wasn't enough funding to upgrade facilities, provide adequate healthcare and hire and train enforcement officers. Jazlan blamed overcrowding on the “never ending flow of people seeking better future in Malaysia.”
The living conditions inside the Malaysian camps are grim – overcrowded, unhygienic and brutal - according to interviews with 13 former detainees, and 12 others who have regularly visited the centres, including people from government agencies and rights groups.
Those who had been detained say they did not get adequate food, water or healthcare, that many inmates developed skin and lung infections, and the sick are usually not isolated, leading to the spread of contagious diseases.
All of the detainees interviewed also allege they were beaten by guards at the camps or witnessed others being beaten. One former Rohingya inmate of the Lenggeng camp in the southwestern state of Negeri Sembilan told Reuters in an interview that they witnessed detainees being beaten and then saw them die when the resulting injuries were not treated. “When we asked for medicines, we were beaten,” they said.
Reuters could not independently verify their account or the similar accusations made by other detainees. They all declined to be identified for fear of reprisals.
Asked about the claims of beatings, Jazlan said they need more evidence to establish if it was prevalent. "I hope critics won't rely on detainees' testimony, and come up with proper evidence," they said.
FARED WORSE
Of the 118 people recorded as dying in 2015-2016, 63 were from Myanmar, and people from that country have fared worse than those from elsewhere, the documents from Suhakam and data from the Malaysian government's Enforcement Agency Integrity Commission (EAIC) show.
During 2016, for example, there were 14,180 Myanmar nationals detained and at least 14 of them died, while there were only five fatalities among 34,586 Indonesian inmates. The documents and data don't explain this discrepancy and Reuters was unable to independently confirm the reason for it.
People from Myanmar, including Rohingya Muslims, tend to stay in the detention centres longer as they try to persuade the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to issue them with identification cards that allow them to stay in Malaysia temporarily, rights groups and former detainees said. People from other countries are often undocumented migrant workers who are deported home relatively quickly.
Malaysia, which has not signed the U.N. Refugee Convention, treats refugees as illegal migrants with few rights.
Asked about the deaths of Myanmar nationals in Malaysian detention centres, Zaw Htay, who is spokesperson for Myamnar's Suu Kyi, said that “we haven't heard about these cases.” They also said that “a lot of Bengali people in Malaysia say they come from Myanmar to get UNHCR cards.”
“Bengali” is a derogatory term used by many in Myanmar to refer to the Rohingya that suggests they come from Bangladesh, even though many Rohingyas have lived in the country for generations.
LUNG INFECTIONS
The documents reviewed by Reuters give causes of death for 68 detainees. Pneumonia and lung infections led to 19 deaths, at least 10 were the result of various heart-related conditions, and five died from the bacterial disease leptospirosis, which is often spread through the urine of infected animals, including rodents.
Sepsis, or septic shock, a condition usually triggered by other illnesses, claimed 21 victims, including some who were suffering from pneumonia or leptospirosis, various forms of tuberculosis led to three deaths, and one Filipino woman committed suicide.
The 13 detention centres in Malaysia held a total 86,795 detainees for various periods during 2016, according to the EAIC.
Malaysia isn't the only country in southeast Asia that has faced criticism for the conditions in its prisons.
In its human rights report for 2016, the U.S. State Department said Indonesian and Thai facilities, including those used to detain immigrants, are overcrowded. It said government figures showed that 548 prisoners died “in custody” in Indonesia between January and June of 2016, and 762 died in “official custody” in Thailand in the year to September 2016. However, there was no breakdown between those who died in ordinary jails and those who died in other forms of incarceration, such as immigration detention facilities.
No cause was given for 50 deaths in Malaysia. They are classified in the documents as "no report" or "pending autopsy" or "undetermined" or "awaiting report from hospital" or "unascertained." One centre in Kuala Lumpur had 13 deaths in 2016, but no reasons were stated for any of them.
When asked about the lack of reasons given for so many deaths, Jazlan said they will look into it.
The documents do not specify the reasons for the lower death rate in 2016, though a Reuters analysis of them and related data shows that there was a 27 percent drop in the number of people detained at the end of 2016 from a year earlier.
(Reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi; Additional reporting by Praveen Menon in Kuala Lumpur, Antoni Slodkowski in Yangon, Manuel Mogato in Manila, Kanupriya Kapoor in Jakarta, Patpicha Tanakasempipat in Bangkok, Julia Edwards Ainsley in Washington, Thomas Wilson in Tokyo; Editing by Martin Howell)
A South African under 15 rugby side's 221-0 win has stirred a debate about introducing a 'mercy' rule into youth matches.
The South African interschools rugby record books were rewritten over the weekend when Bloemfontein's Grey College annihilated renowned KwaZulu-Natal school, Glenwood.
Two 1st XV coaches from South Africa believe this should have been prevented.
Grey's seventh and sixth open side teams also scored big victories, winning 164-0 and 152-0 respectively in the U16 age group, while Grey's C-team won 150-0 and the fourth team claimed a 147-0 victory.
Advertisement
Diamantveld High coach Jaco Dames slated the referee and both schools for games reaching over 100 points being allowed to continue. Dames said the results are humiliating for youngsters and will prevent them from continuing to play the game.
Grey College's director of rugby, Wessel du Plessis, agreed with Dames.
Du Plessis said they would've stopped the game if they were aware of what was going on at the time.
"I definitely would have stopped that 200-point game had I been in close proximity to the field where they played," Du Plessis told Netwerk24. "After a while, the Glenwood players just stood there and refused to play further. It must have been so humiliating for them and their supporters."
LONDON (Reuters) - British aerospace and defense electronics group Cobham said on Friday it has agreed to sell its AvComm and Wireless test businesses to Viavi Solutions for $455 million, as part of the latest stage of a turnaround plan.
Cobham, which had said in August that it may divest the units, plans to use the proceeds to reduce debt, further strengthening its balance sheet after a string of profit warnings forced it into a rights issue last year.
The company said it would be able to pay down about 440 million pounds ($627 million) of debt by combining the proceeds from the deal with existing cash.
The Wireless unit, which does 5G mobile network testing, and communications equipment maker AvComm, together account for around 10 percent of Cobham's revenue. The group acquired AvComm through its ill-fated Aeroflex acquisition in 2014, which increased its debt burden.
Chief Executive David Lockwood, who took over in 2016 to lead a turnaround, had said there was little overlap between the Wireless and AvComm units and the rest of the business and the sale followed a competitive process.
“We can now focus on delivering value-add technology and capabilities to our defense, aerospace and space customers, supported by a more resilient balance sheet,” they said.
AvComm is based in the U.S., while the Wireless unit, is based in Britain, said Cobham, adding that the deal is expected to complete in the first half of this year.
Shares in Cobham closed at 124.8 pence on Thursday, valuing the company at 3 billion pounds.
WASHINGTON The White House has granted the U.S. military broader authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants, the Pentagon said on Thursday.
Last Friday, the head of U.S. forces in Africa said that greater ability to fight the militants would lead to more flexibility and quicker targeting.
Al Shabaab has been able to carry out deadly bombings despite losing most of its territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government. The group's insurgency aims to drive out the peacekeepers, topple Somalia's western-backed government and impose its strict version of Islam on the Horn of Africa state.
The United States has a small presence in Somalia and is allowed to carry out strikes in defense of partnered forces.
Two U.S. defense officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said parts of Somalia had been declared an "area of active hostilities" for at least 180 days by the White House on Wednesday night. The capital of Mogadishu was not included.
This broader authority would allow the United States to carry out offensive strikes against al Shabaab militants even if the militants were not attacking partnered forces, the officials said.
In a statement, the Pentagon said President Donald Trump had approved a request for "additional precision fired in support of African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) and Somali security forces."
"The additional support provided by this authority will help deny al-Shabaab safe havens from which it could attack U.S. citizens or U.S. interests in the region," Pentagon spokesperson Captain Jeff Davis said in the statement.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; editing by Grant McCool)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 S&P
* S&P says Germany 'AAA/A-1+' ratings affirmed; outlook stable
* S&P says Germany's diversified and competitive economy will sustain current growth momentum, predominantly supported by strong domestic demand
* S&P says stable outlook reflects view that over next 2 years, Germany's public finances, balance sheet to continue to withstand potential economic shocks
* S&P on Germany says still view another grand coalition as most likely parliamentary election outcome
* S&P says Germany's surpluses on external and fiscal balance sheet will enable the country to weather external shocks
* S&P says despite potential tax reductions, other pre-election promises, expect Germany's fiscal performance will remain a ratings strength in medium term Source text: bit.ly/2qfjymm
April 6 Nedbank Ltd:
* Credit ratings actions by Standard and Poor's and Moody's
* We have strong capital and liquidity levels and our plans for 2017 are in place and include robust stress testing
* Have strategies, people and balance sheet strength to work our way through difficult environment in South Africa - CEO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
April 12 Karnataka Bank Ltd:
* Says appointed P. Jayarama Bhat as part time (non executive) chairperson and Mahabaleshwara M.S. as MD and CEO of bank Source text: bit.ly/2oWQouX Further company coverage:
April 28 Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to invest 2.55 million yuan to set up a bio-tech JV in Shandong with partner, and to own 51 percent stake in JV
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Gd2MgD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Provident Financial Services Inc
* Provident financial services, inc. Announces first quarter earnings and declares quarterly cash dividend
* Q1 earnings per share $0.37
* Provident financial services inc - for three months ended March 31, 2017, net interest income increased $4.0 million to $67.0 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.36 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI German engineering group Siemens AG (SIEGn.DE), will set up its global headquarters for airports, cargo and ports logistics in Dubai, the company said on Wednesday.
Siemens, one of the largest manufacturing and electronic firms in the world, will use buildings at the Expo 2020 Dubai, a $7 billion exhibition centre project, as the new home for its future global logistics headquarters from April 2021.
The arrival of Siemens at the Expo project provides more evidence that Dubai is back in expansion mode after running into trouble during the 2009 global financial crisis.
The expo is a major part of Dubai's plans to expand its infrastructure and boost its credentials as a tourist destination.
The new global HQ will include bases for Siemens' airports, cargo infrastructure and ports teams, said the statement.
"All levels of value addition will be represented in Dubai including global management and strategy, research and development, innovation, software development, sales, assembly, and production."
The Munich-based group has operations in around 190 countries and its projects in the Middle East include sustainable power generation, industrial automation and smart building technologies.
In October the company signed a contract to upgrade Iran's railway network , one of several deals agreed by German firms.
(Reporting by Dubai Newsroom, Editing by William Maclean)
March 28 Zhejiang Shibao Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 15 new shares for every 10 shares, as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/0zdyoh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Den Bosch Open men's singles round 2 results
June 14 (Gracenote) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Men's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Julien Benneteau (France) beat 7-Nicolas Mahut (France) 3-6 6-2 6-2 4-Gilles Muller (Luxembourg) beat Andreas Seppi (Italy) 7-6(5) 6-4 2-Alexander Zverev (Germany) beat Adrian Mannarino (France) 6-2 6-3 8-Aljaz Bedene (Britain) beat Ernesto Escobedo (U.S.) 6-3 6-4
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Argentina is out with a loss. A draw might get the Albicelestes into the playoffs, but that scenario is iffy.
In the event of a draw, Argentina makes the playoffs if Peru loses its final match with Colombia, and Paraguay fails to beat Venezuela.
"The situation is not comfortable," Sampaoli said. "But qualifying still depends on us. I remain hopeful that if we play like today (Thursday), we are going to qualify."
Argentina's problem? Goals.
In the last four matches it's scored just one. Sampaoli, whose teams are known for their attacking, has been in charge for three of those games.
To make matters worse, the lone goal was an own-goal against lowly Venezuela; this from the World Cup runners-up in Brazil three years ago who lost to Germany 1-0 in the final.
Argentina has only 16 goals in 17 qualifiers. Only Bolivia is worse with 14.
"We are a very strong team in knowing what to look for in each match," said Sampaoli, the third coach for Argentina in this World Cup cycle. "I'm at peace. These are strong players by nature."
But will that be enough?
By Ricardo Zuniga, The Associated Press
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Ligue 1 matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Amiens SC 0 Angers SCO 2 Nantes 0 Olympique Marseille 1 Girondins Bordeaux 2 Metz 0 Caen 0 St Etienne 1 Toulouse 1 Montpellier HSC 0 Friday, August 11 Nice 1 ESTAC Troyes 2 Stade Rennes 1 Olympique Lyon 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Olympique Lyon 2 2 0 0 6 1 6 2 Olympique Marseille 2 2 0 0 4 0 6 ------------------------- 3 St Etienne 2 2 0 0 2 0 6 ------------------------- 4 Angers SCO 2 1 1 0 4 2 4 4 Girondins Bordeaux 2 1 1 0 4 2 4 ------------------------- 6 ESTAC Troyes 2 1 1 0 3 2 4 ------------------------- 7 Lille 1 1 0 0 3 0 3 8 En Avant de Guingamp 1 1 0 0 3 1 3 9 Paris St Germain 1 1 0 0 2 0 3 10 Monaco 1 1 0 0 3 2 3 11 Toulouse 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 12 Montpellier HSC 2 1 0 1 1 1 3 13 Stade Rennes 2 0 1 1 2 3 1 14 Nice 2 0 0 2 1 3 0 15 Caen 2 0 0 2 0 2 0 16 Dijon FCO 1 0 0 1 0 3 0 17 Racing Strasbourg 1 0 0 1 0 4 0 ------------------------- 18 Metz 2 0 0 2 1 5 0 ------------------------- 19 Amiens SC 2 0 0 2 0 4 0 19 Nantes 2 0 0 2 0 4 0 1-2: Champions League / EC I 3: Champions League preliminary round 4-5: Europa League 6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 18: Relegation play-off 19-20: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Racing Strasbourg v Lille (1300) Dijon FCO v Monaco (1500) En Avant de Guingamp v Paris St Germain (1900)
A new car is displayed on the forecourt of a Ford dealership at Portslade near Brighton in southern England January 7, 2014. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
LONDON Carmakers and airlines easyJet and Ryanair demanded Britain secure a Brexit deal which preserves their access to Europe, warning any barriers to trade could risk the future of car plants and ground flights between the UK and the continent.
No-deal in Brexit talks is not an option, Britain's car industry body said on Wednesday after Theresa May formally launched divorce proceedings from the European Union, saying tariffs would raise costs and hit consumers.
Ford (F.N), Britain's biggest automotive engine-maker and Rolls-Royce and Mini-maker BMW (BMWG.DE) both warned that unfettered access to the European Union remained crucial.
"Any deal must include securing tariff-free trade with the wider Customs Union and not just the EU27, whilst retaining access to the best talent and resources," Ford of Europe president Jim Farley said.
"It also is critical that a transitional period is put in place to ensure that customers are not penalized and to maintain free trade."
Ford builds vans in Turkey, which is not part of the EU but is in the EU customs union, whilst BMW builds its Mini cars at a central English plant in Oxford and is due to decide by the end of the year where to build its electric models.
Irish airline Ryanair (RYA.I) said flights between Britain and the European Union risk being suspended in 2019 if Britain does not prioritize a new aviation deal whilst rival easyJet (EZJ.L) said it wanted a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement.
"There is a distinct possibility that there may be no flights between the UK and Europe for a period of time after March 2019," Ryanair's chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs said on Wednesday.
Most international firms which publicly expressed an opinion ahead of last June's referendum backed Britain remaining in the European Union, fearful of extra costs, trade barriers and unpredictable currency swings.
May has said they will take Britain out of the European single market but will seek the best possible access to the European markets and establish better trade ties with other nations.
Since the Brexit vote, some firms have announced major investments in Britain with Facebook (FB.O) saying it would hire more staff and Google announcing a new flagship building in London.
But airlines are among those concerned that trading conditions vital to their operations could be lost.
Britain will have to renegotiate access to the single aviation market, whereby airlines based in the EU have the right to fly to and from any country in the bloc or even within other member states.
German media conglomerate Bertelsmann (BTGGg.F) said on Tuesday it may have to reconsider London as the base for its intellectual property operations.
"We have made an impact analysis," Chief Executive Thomas Rabe said.
"In about a year's time we will have to come to a decision, when the impact of the Brexit will become more clear."
(Additional reporting by Conor Humphries in Dublin, Harro Ten Wolde and Jörn Poltz in Berlin and Paul Sandle in London; editing by Stephen Addison)
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, Aug 12 (Reuters) - China on Saturday freed one of the last remaining Crown Resorts Ltd executives jailed for illegally promoting gambling, as a protracted saga that forced the Australian casino operator to cancel global expansion plans and hurt profits nears an end.
Jason O'Connor, head of international VIP gambling with the casino giant, was released before 7 a.m., an official told media outside the detention centre in Shanghai.
The Australian was the most senior of 16 staff detained in October and jailed by a Shanghai court in June. Their 10-month sentence ran from the time of their first detention on Oct. 14 last year.
Reuters was not able to confirm their release with their family or the Australian government.
O'Connor was taken immediately to the airport and left the country, the Australian Financial Review newspaper said, without citing sources.
The authorities released ten employees, including Australian nationals Jerry Xuan and Jane Pan Dan, in July.
Crown, half-owned by billionaire James Packer, had been trying to attract wealthy Chinese to its casinos located outside China, where gambling is illegal, except for Macao.
But the case prompted Crown, the world's biggest listed casino company outside China, to retreat from global expansion plans and sell off its Macao assets, and instead shift its focus back home. (Reporting by Xihao Jiang in SHANGHAI, Shu Zhang and Josephine Mason in BEIJING; additional reporting by Ben Cooper in SYDNEY; writing by Josephine Mason)
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – The Queensland government has released the Abandoned Mines discussion paper, calling on public input on how to manage old mine sites.
Mines Minister Dr Anthony Lynham noted that from the gold rush of the late 1800s to the earliest days of coal, zinc, copper and lead, Queensland has had a rich mining history, which remains a major economic contributor.
Advertisement
“But with this rich history comes a legacy of old mine sites, which we are currently managing from a safety and environmental perspective.
“With mining technology evolving over the past century these old mines can also offer us opportunities to recommercialise them using contemporary practices and techniques to get them restarted,” Lynham said.
Advertisement
“Queensland is leading from the front in repurposing old mine sites, as demonstrated by the Kidston solar project as just one shining example.
"What was once the focal point of gold mining in Queensland is now a A$126-million solar farm, a gold mine for jobs and renewable energy in North Queensland.
“Similarly, after the disclaiming of the Texas silver mine, the government improved the site's water management infrastructure to prevent any spillage into the surrounding environment and then facilitated the mine's recommercialisation, with it being handed to a new mining company in October 2017.”
Lynham noted that Mount Chalmers, which has been managed by the government since November 2017, is another that could be re-purposed or re-used.
“Two discussion papers will be released for feedback on a range of reform ideas. One paper is for feedback on how we manage the state's abandoned mine sites.
“The other paper is for feedback on how to monitor and manage risks with current mining operations that enter our care and maintenance, are disclaimed or change ownership.
“We're seeking feedback from the community, all industries and traditional owners on how to continue to nurture the best possible rehabilitation and economic outcomes for Queenslanders.
“Whether it be re-purposing, recommercialising or re-mediating, this feedback will be vital in determining the path we take,” Lynham said.
Public submissions for the reports will close on July 16.
NOUAKCHOTT France backs efforts by West African states to boost security in their Sahel region, including a plan for a 5,000-strong multinational force to combat Islamist fighters, its foreign minister said on Thursday.
Jean-Marc Ayrault said the G5 Sahel states - Mali, Mauritania, Chad, Burkina Faso and Niger - must improve their counter-terrorism capacity.
"The countries of the G5 have decided to enter a new phase ... with the creation of a common force to protect their borders," Ayrault said after meeting Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz.
"The second phase consists of training specialised troops, not to replace Barkhane, but to strengthen it in the fight against terrorist groups, but also all sorts of trafficking that is wreaking havoc on the region," they told Reuters.
Former colonial power France intervened in 2013 to drive out al Qaeda-linked militants who seized northern Mali the year before. It has since deployed some 4,000 soldiers, known as the Barkhane force, across the region to hunt down Islamists.
U.N. peacekeepers have also been deployed to Mali.
The Sahel region, whose desert expanses stretch from Mauritania to Sudan, is home to several jihadist groups.
Mali-based groups have continued to launch attacks across the region in the past 18 months. A spike of violence in central Mali has spilt over its southern border into Burkina Faso.
A French soldier died in a clash with militants in Mali on Wednesday near the border with Burkina Faso in the latest example of risks faced by security forces.
Ayrault, on a two-day trip to the region with their German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel, will travel to Gao in Mali on Friday to pay tribute to the soldier.
Paris was already providing training and equipment and undertaking mixed patrols along border areas, Ayrault said, adding: "It will be a long-term project."
A French diplomatic source said the aim was to create a 5,000-troop strong reaction force similar to the multinational contingent fighting Nigeria's Boko Haram insurgency.
"The mission would cost several hundred million dollars as it would need to be properly equipped. It first needs to be rubber-stamped by the African Union and then the EU would be asked for financial aid," the source said.
(Editing by Joe Bavier, Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Toom Heneghan)
(Adds senator's reaction)
By James Oliphant
BEDMINSTER, N.J., Aug 11 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday threatened military intervention in Venezuela, a surprise escalation of Washington's response to Venezuela's political crisis that Caracas disparaged as "craziness."
Venezuela has appeared to slide toward a more volatile stage of unrest in recent days, with anti-government forces looting weapons from a military base after a new legislative body usurped the authority of the opposition-controlled congress.
"The people are suffering and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela including a possible military option if necessary," Trump told reporters in an impromptu question and answer session.
The comments appeared to shock Caracas, with Venezuela's Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino calling the threat "an act of craziness."
The White House said Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro requested a phone call with Trump on Friday, which the White House appeared to spurn, saying in a statement that Trump would gladly speak to Venezuela's leader when democracy was restored in that country.
Venezuelan authorities have long said U.S. officials were planning an invasion. A former military general told Reuters earlier this year that some anti-aircraft missiles had been placed along the country's coast for precisely that eventuality.
In Washington, the Pentagon said the U.S. military was ready to support efforts to protect U.S. citizens and America's national interests, but that insinuations by Caracas of a planned U.S. invasion were "baseless."
Trump's suggestion of possible military action came in a week when they have repeatedly threatened a military response if North Korea threatens the United States or its allies.
Asked if U.S. forces would lead an operation in Venezuela, Trump declined to provide details. "We don't talk about it but a military operation - a military option - is certainly something that we could pursue," they said.
Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, criticized Trump's new stance.
"Congress obviously isn't authorizing war in Venezuela," they said in a statement. "Nicolas Maduro is a horrible human being, but Congress doesn't vote to spill Nebraskans' blood based on whom the Executive lashes out at today."
'MADURO MUST BE THRILLED'
The president's comments conjured up memories of gunboat diplomacy in Latin America during the 20th century, when the United States regarded its "backyard" neighbors to the south as underlings who it could easily intimidate through conspicuous displays of military power.
The U.S. military has not directly intervened in the region since a 1994-1995 operation that aimed to remove from Haiti a military government installed after a 1991 coup.
Trump's more aggressive discourse could be an asset to Maduro by boosting their credibility as a national defender.
"Maduro must be thrilled right now," said Mark Feierstein, who was a senior aide on Venezuela matters to former U.S. president Barack Obama. "It's hard to imagine a more damaging thing for Trump to say."
The United States sanctioned Maduro and other Venezuelan officials in July after Maduro established a constituent assembly run by their Socialist Party loyalists and cracked down on opposition figures. The assembly's election drew international condemnation and critics have said it removed any remaining checks on Maduro's power.
Maduro says only continuing the socialist movement started by their predecessor, Hugo Chavez, can bring peace and prosperity to Venezuela, which is suffering from an economic collapse and widespread hunger.
Washington has not placed sanctions on the OPEC member's oil industry, which supplies America with about 740,000 barrels per day of oil.
Venezuela possesses a stockpile of 5,000 Russian-made MANPADS surface-to-air weapons, according to military documents reviewed by Reuters. It has the largest known cache of the weapons in Latin America, posing a concern for U.S. officials during the country's mounting turmoil.
The United Nations Security Council was briefed behind closed doors on Venezuela in May at the request of the United States. At the time, U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said Washington was just trying to raise awareness of the situation and was not seeking any action by the 15-member Security Council. (Reporting by James Oliphant; Additional reporting by Hugh Bronstein and Girish Gupta in Caracas; Writing by Jason Lange in Washington; Editing by Andrew Hay and Mary Milliken)
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
The reports say the firm exploited private social media activity to help allow the Trump campaign to better target voters by profiling their behaviour and personalities ahead of the U.S. election.
On Saturday, Trump's campaign denied using the firm's data, saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its information.
In a statement Monday, Cambridge Analytica "strongly denied" the allegations that it had improperly obtained Facebook data. It also denied that the Facebook data was used by the Trump campaign and says it didn't work on the Brexit referendum.
The company insisted Wylie was a contractor, not a founder.
For Facebook, the controversy appears to be taking a toll. On Monday, Facebook shares fell US$12.53 or 6.77 per cent to US$172.56 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Facebook has denied the data collection was a breach because people knowingly provided their information. The company has said University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan accessed the information after they requested it from users who gave their consent when they chose to sign up for their test via their Facebook app.
Facebook has also said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded Kogan's app. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
On Monday, Facebook said it hired a digital forensics firm to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica to determine if the Facebook data the company collected still exists or if it's been destroyed. Cambridge Analytica agreed to give the auditor complete access to its servers and systems, Facebook said.
The social-media giant said it's also asked Wylie and Kogan to submit to an audit as well. It said Kogan has given their verbal agreement to do so and Wylie has declined.
The Facebook data breach exposed by Wylie in recent days has caused a commotion on both sides of the Atlantic and has caught the attention of Canada's privacy watchdog.
"Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns," Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien said in the statement.
"Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps."
Therrien also said their office has offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office. They said their ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Asked Monday about the possible Facebook breach, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said the government will take every step to protect the integrity of the Canadian democratic system.
"When an issue like that emerges, we all need to take it very, very seriously, make sure we get the facts and respond accordingly," Goodale said in Ottawa.
"This is a rapidly moving, rapidly evolving situation because of technology. What we know or think we know today is likely to be radically different six months from now. And we have to be alert to every twist and turn along the way."
On Monday, Wylie told NBC's "Today" in an interview that Cambridge Analytica used data to create profiling algorithms that enabled the company to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people." It enabled the firm to inject information into different forms of online content, so that people saw things that may not have been true, they said.
"This is a company that really took fake news to the next level," Wylie said.
They also said they had left Cambridge Analytica before it joined the Trump campaign. But they added they knew the company met with Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in 2015, before Trump had announced their candidacy.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
LONDON Regulatory uncertainty in the wake of Brexit could leave Britain's multi-billion-pound medical technology industry out in the cold, with separate regulatory systems threatening exports and jobs.
That is the warning from the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IME), which on Wednesday became the latest group to highlight the problem of regulatory uncertainty once Britain leaves the European Union.
As Reuters reported last month, industries from aerospace to pharmaceuticals and chemicals fear Brexit may create a regulatory vacuum.
In a new report, the IME called on the British government to harmonize its post-Brexit rules with EU regulations on medical devices - a category covering everything from heart stents to walking aids - or risk losing billions of pounds in exports.
"Leaving the EU without the UK medical technology industry suffering considerable long-term damage, particularly for small businesses, will be a huge challenge," said Helen Meese, IME's head of healthcare.
"As part of the UK's Brexit deal, it is vital that the UK is able to maintain continuity with the EU CE certification processes, and enable UK manufacturers to export medical devices into the 100 billion euros European med tech market."
The EU's system of CE marks offers a single validation for medical devices across the 28-nation bloc, in a similar way that the European Medicines Agency gives an EU-wide license for drugs.
British firms would be excluded from this after Brexit unless there was a UK-EU deal for some kind of mutual recognition.
Britain's medical technology sector has annual turnover of 17 billion pounds ($22 billion), with 3,000 firms supporting 90,000 jobs, according to the IME.
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
KINSHASA In June 2015, the Belgian company Semlex signed a deal to supply biometric passports to the Democratic Republic of Congo, according to documents reviewed by Reuters. A few weeks later two companies based in the United Arab Emirates made payments totalling $700,000 to private bank accounts held in the name of Emmanuel Adrupiako, a Kabila adviser who helped handle the passport deal, according to bank documents and emails reviewed by Reuters.
The two UAE-based companies have connections to Semlex, but it isn't clear whether the payments were related to the passport deal. Adrupiako did not respond to requests for comment.
One of the UAE-based companies was named Berea International and the other Cedovane, both registered in Ras Al Khaimah. Officials at the emirate's corporate regulator, RAK Investment Authority, would not comment on either of the companies, citing confidentiality rules.
However, Reuters reviewed an "incumbency certificate" for Berea – an official document issued by the RAK Investment Authority that gives basic information about a business. It states that Semlex CEO Albert Karaziwan is a director, secretary and sole shareholder of Berea. Another director of Berea is Karaziwan's associate Cedric Fevre. Fevre is also a director of Cedovane, a Cedovane document shows.
The payments to Adriupiako went through United Arab Bank (UAB). A copy of UAB documentation seen by Reuters shows that on July 29, 2015, Cedovane paid $300,000 to an account Adrupiako holds in Quebec with the Royal Bank of Canada. The reason given for the $300,000 payment was "loan agreement," according to the document.
Royal Bank of Canada declined to comment. Fevre did not respond to requests for comment about Cedovane.
A few weeks later, on Aug. 25, Berea paid $400,000 to an account Adrupiako has with Jyske Bank in Denmark. That payment triggered concern in Copenhagen. When Jyske Bank asked for further information, Adrupiako told the bank the money was to pay for a four-storey building Berea was renting off them as it set up shop in Kinshasa, according to bank emails and a Berea contract reviewed by Reuters.
Jyske Bank said it could not comment, citing client confidentiality. UAB said in a statement to Reuters that it had followed the requirements set by its regulator in handling payments.
A Reuters reporter visited the address in Kinshasa where the rented building was said to be located. The reporter found a four-storey building still under construction and there was no sign that Berea had any presence there.
(Additional reporting by Noah Browning and Tom Arnold in Dubai, Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi, Teis Jensen in Copenhagen, Robert-Jan Bartunek in Brussels and Matt Scuffham in Toronto; Editing By Richard Woods and Michael Williams)
VANCOUVER — Crews battled a stubborn fire Wednesday that was burning under a century-old railway trestle bridge near Hope, B.C.
Jeanne Larsen of the B.C. Wildfire Service said the fire began Sunday and had charred less than a hectare of bush near the Ladner Creek trestle, a metal span that was part of the decommissioned Kettle Valley Railway.
They said the thickly timbered, steep walls of the creek canyon was preventing a three-person crew from easily battling the flames.
The wildfire service lists the fire as suspected to be human caused on its website.
Although the trestle is still standing, a witness who could not be reached for comment said in a Facebook post on Sunday that the crumbling wooden ties on the old bridge deck had burned.
Larsen could not confirm that the ties were destroyed, but they say embers from them continued to spark fires that were difficult to reach in areas around the bridge.
"Just little pieces of falling, burning debris are landing on the ground and igniting little spot fires and that's what they're dealing with," they said.
Cooler weather has eased wildfire conditions across B.C. The wildfire service says progress had been made on several major fires including the Allie Lake fire northwest of Kamloops.
Cache Creek has prohibited all campfires because of the fire risk, although propane or briquette fires are allowed. The entire village was evacuated for 11 days last summer because of wildfires that prompted the province to call a state of emergency.
The fires charred nearly 2,000 square kilometres of timber and destroyed 211 homes or properties before they were declared to be out in early October.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks rebounded on Friday in volatile trade but still suffered their worst week in over a year, following a sell-off in small-caps unleashed by a perfect storm of events including an executive's suicide, huge corporate losses and a shadow banking squeeze.
After a four-day losing streak, selling pressure on small stocks was stemmed after more than 40 companies suspended trading on Friday to avoid margin calls, while an increasing number of firms announced share purchase schemes by major shareholders.
A surge in resources shares also helped after a broad-based slide that stirred memories of market turmoil two years ago, when Chinese shares plummeted on fears of an economic slowdown and capital outflows.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index recouped early losses and ended up 0.5 percent, at 3,462.94 points.
But it still lost 2.7 percent on the week, its biggest weekly percentage loss since December 2016.
The blue-chip index CSI300 ended up 0.6 percent, but shed 2.5 percent on the week.
At the epicenter was ChiNext, China's notoriously speculative, start-up board. The Nasdaq-style gauge clawed its way into the black on Friday but lost 6.3 percent for the week, its worst performance in 21 months.
Investor faith in small caps has been shaken following a wave of profit warnings and an eye-popping $1.8 billion annual loss flagged this week by struggling Leshi Internet, formerly seen as a ChiNext bellwether.
David Dai, general manager of Shanghai Wisdom Investment Co Ltd, said they no longer dares buy small caps amid increasing signs of “bloodbath accounting”, where companies unexpectedly conduct massive write-offs during bad years to wash the books.
“There's a real danger of stepping on the landmines, as companies seem to be able to change their accounting treatment at will,” Dai said.
“Many growth companies nowadays cannot even outgrow blue chips such as Moutai,” they said, referring to the Chinese premium liquor maker that predicted a 58 percent profit surge in 2017.
According to an estimate by GF Securities, combined profit of ChiNext companies dropped 5.5 percent in 2017, compared with 7.8 percent growth at Chinese banks.
Dai also expressed concern over a possible wave of margin calls if share prices fall further, which could tighten liquidity conditions even as regulators expand their campaign to reduce risks in the financial system.
Highlighting the rippling effect, the death of Zhejiang Jindun Fans Co's Chairman Zhou Jiancan this week triggered rumors of a failed investment in Leshi, whose shares have been in free-fall.
The company said on Thursday that Zhou's death was not related to the alleged Leshi investment.
But it disclosed that nearly all of Zhou's holdings in the company - roughly 26 percent of total shares - are pledged against loans, and that their son will be responsible for dealing with margin calls if they're triggered by further price falls.
In an apparent effort to avoid forced selling, roughly 40 companies, including Shenwu Energy Saving Co and Tainguang Zhongmao Co suspended trading on Friday following share price tumbles.
The growing list of share suspensions echoed those which were seen during the 2015 market crash, which drew criticism from global investors as to whether China was truly committed to free market reforms.
U.S. stock index compiler MSCI has complained that China is an “outlier” in having too many, and too frequent trading halts. It will include China's “A-shares” into its emerging market benchmark starting in June.
According to an estimate by Sinolink Securities, as of Jan 31, 1,066 cases of margin calls had been triggered, involving shares in 608 listed firms.
Adding to the selling pressure is Beijing's stepped-up campaign against shadow banking, which is forcing the closure of many wealth management schemes.
And, after sharp gains in recent weeks, many investors may be simply taking profits ahead of the long Lunar New Year holidays beginning in mid-February.
“The sell-off in Shenzhen is testing the grit and patience of investors, many of whom will collapse before dawn,” Zhang Mingyu, fund manager of Shanghai JY Investment, wrote in a note to clients.
“But if you manage to wade through the swamp ahead, you can stand up on land.” (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SEOUL, March 30 Shares of tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd opened up 0.2 percent at 2,094,000 won ($1,885.87) on Thursday following the launch of its Galaxy S8 flagship smartphone.
The long-awaited S8 is the company's first new premium phone since its September withdrawal of all Galaxy Note 7 devices due to fire-prone batteries. ($1 = 1,110.3600 won) (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Stephen Coates)
* Europe, U.S. natural fits, but elsewhere not ruled out
* Says mining a bad fit with smelting
* Seeking to add value through process improvements
By Barbara Lewis
SANTIAGO, April 5 Aurubis AG, the world's biggest copper recycler, is likely to start its search for acquisitions in Europe and the United States as it looks to expand into other metals, but will not get into mining, its chief executive told Reuters.
Juergen Schachler, who took over as CEO in July 2016 after two decades in steel, said in March they aimed to turn Aurubis into a multi-metals company by expanding into non-ferrous metals, but has given few details ahead of a strategy update planned for October.
"We're very strong in Europe. We have a footprint in the U.S. so there's some logic we will look at these areas first, but this doesn't exclude that we're looking further," they said in an interview in Santiago, Chile, where they are attending the CRU World Copper Conference.
"One focus - it has to be a good fit for the core business that we have at the moment," they added
That business is producing copper from concentrated ore or scrap and recycling materials.
Alongside major copper smelters in Hamburg and Luenen in Germany, Aurubis has copper and copper product activities in countries including Bulgaria, Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands, Finland, and the United States.
For Schachler, one business they do not see fitting with those activities is mining.
"If you have combined activities, smelters and mines, it's very tricky to love both kinds of business in the same way because every dollar you spend in investment in the mine is a much higher payback versus a smelter," they said.
"It makes a lot of good logic for the miners to concentrate on the mines," they added, saying the performance of integrated smelters often showed "room for improvement".
Internally, their focus is on maximising value through improvements - saving energy, for instance, by recycling heat.
Aurubis reported a higher-than-expected operating profit for the first quarter.
Schachler said the company was adapted to the current challenge of poorer ore grades and that, unlike the mining sector, it was not at the mercy of the copper price, which is stronger than a year ago, but faces uncertainties.
"We will be growing. Copper concentrates are getting more complex, that's where we're strong," Schachler said.
"Our business model is quite independent of the copper price. We buy and we sell probably at the same moment, so we're hedging most of the material that we have."
($1 = 0.9366 euros) (Editing by Mark Potter)
CONVERSE, Tex. – On a loaded Judson roster, running back Sincere McCormick seems poised for a breakout senior season. Without 2018 three-star athlete Julon Williams taking the snaps and often improvising big plays, McCormick is going to be the focal point in what looks like a more traditional run-first approach on offense in the fall. After a steady stream of college coaches made their way to Judson this spring, they certainly saw an uptick in the amount of interest in them heading into the summer. “Spring has been a building process, preparing for next year,” they said. “Recruiting has been crazy – it's been like another job. Keeping in contact with all these coaches to try and find out where you want to go an what's a good fit for you for the next four years is tough.”
One program that has seemed to step forward as the leader in their recruitment is Colorado. McCormick also said that they are hoping to set up a visit with Memphis in the near future, but has plans to take an official to Boulder on June 22.
IN Their WORDS
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Winner Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Red Bull Racing driver Max Verstappen of the Netherlands after the Chinese Grand... REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Max Verstappen made certain of leaving a lasting impression on Lewis Hamilton by putting in a storming drive to go from near the back of the grid to the podium in Sunday's Formula One Chinese Grand Prix.
The triple world champion and the teenaged Red Bull driver engaged in some light-hearted banter on the podium, withHamilton, while summing up the race, hesitating mid-sentence and seemingly forgetting Verstappen's name before calling them “this young guy here".
“You always call me ‘this guy',” responded a smiling Verstappen, who was sharing the podium with Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel together for the first time.
“I do? Okay, this dude, this dude,” Hamilton said, putting their arm around the 19-year-old Dutchman's shoulder.
Verstappen started Sunday's race 16th after a misfiring engine hobbled them in qualifying.
They made rapid progress up the field, overtaking nine cars in the damp and treacherous conditions on the first lap alone.
They ran as high as second behind Hamilton and fended off late-race pressure from teammate Daniel Ricciardo to finish third and give Red Bull their 100th podium place.
Asked if passing all those cars on the opening lap felt like playing a video game, Verstappen said: “More or less. It felt a bit like that.
“I gained one or two positions and then...trying to go round the outside in turn one, I got another car,” they added later, taking journalists through their first-lap heroics that won them the fans' vote as driver of the day.
“Then inside turn two, another car, outside turn three...always trying to go around the outside or inside and it worked. Yeah, nine cars is quite a lot on one lap.”
Verstappen, son of former racer Jos, has taken Formula One by storm since they made their debut two years ago as a 17-year-old.
Their racecraft and uncompromising approach to overtaking have also won them a legion of fans.
Some of their drives — such as their thrilling display of bravery and skill at a drenched Interlagos last year — have even drawn comparisons with greats Ayrton Senna and Michael Schumacher.
They have, though, also ruffled some feathers, clashing most notably with Ferrari drivers Kimi Raikkonen and Vettel.
Hamilton, though, has been among their staunchest supporters and was again full of admiration for their young rival on Sunday.
“I quite like them up here next to us,” they said. “I think he's been a real breath of fresh air for everyone.”
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
WASHINGTON, April 20 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission voted 2-1 on Thursday to reverse a 2016 decision that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy.
The decision could lead to a possible acquisition by Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc of Tribune Media Co , some Democrats in Congress said. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said they plan to take a new look at the current overall limit on companies owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
March 28 Fairpoint Group Plc:
* Says 2016 performance broadly in line with revised expectations
* Says 2016 revenue expected to be 52.9 mln pounds versus 54.1 mln pounds in 2015
* Says 2016 adjusted PBT expected to be 4.9 mln pounds versus 10.5 mln pounds in 2015
* Says 2017 will be year of transition as group completes its restructuring programme and rebases near term expectations for legal services Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
LONDON British businesses have endured a roller coaster ride since the vote to leave the European Union, with some ramping up their investment in the country and others pulling market flotations and ditching takeover deals.
Britain avoided a full collapse in mergers and acquisitions when some foreign companies took advantage of sterling's sudden devaluation to snap up British names such as tech company ARM and pay-TV group Sky.
Other multi-national firms from Amazon to Nissan and top tech groups Google and Facebook have also increased their presence in Britain, while Qatar has vowed to invest 5 billion pounds.
But in total, inbound British corporate takeover deals are down 58 percent since the start of the year, according to Thomson Reuters data, adding to the 48 percent drop recorded in the six months after the June vote.
Demand for initial public offerings has also dropped, with the volumes raised so far in 2017 down 28 percent on last year, while business investment fell 0.9 percent year on year in the final quarter of 2016.
In terms of British government bonds, overseas investors such as central banks and sovereign wealth funds bought record amounts of gilts in the three months to the end of November, but there has since been a partial sell off.
Below are the major corporate announcements since Britain voted to leave the European Union on June 23 last year.
MAJOR BRITISH M&A DEALS
July 18 - Japan's SoftBank agrees a deal to buy Britain's most valuable technology company ARM for $32 billion in cash after winning the backing of Prime Minister Theresa May who said it showed that the country was open for business after Brexit.
Dec 15 - Rupert Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox strikes a $14.6 billion deal to take control of European pay-TV firm Sky, pouncing after the Brexit vote sparked a plunge in the pound. The deal is still being examined by regulators.
Jan 27 - Britain's biggest retailer Tesco agrees a surprise $4.6 billion takeover of food supplier Booker to increase its exposure to a faster growing sector.
Feb 17 - Kraft Heinz Co launches an audacious $143 billion bid for Unilever, but abandons the plan just two days later, with sources saying it had been taken aback by the vehemence of the response and fears of a political backlash.
Feb 27 - The London Stock Exchange all but ends a 29 billion euro planned merger with Deutsche Boerse to create Europe's biggest exchange after facing growing opposition since the Brexit vote. The deal was vetoed by EU antitrust regulators on Wednesday.
March 6 - Standard Life reaches agreement to buy Aberdeen Asset Management in a $13.5 billion merger that could generate deep cost cuts.
MAJOR INVESTMENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
July 27 - GlaxoSmithKline plans $361 million of new investments at three drugs manufacturing sites in Britain.
Sept 28 - Tech giant Apple announces plan to move its London headquarters to the landmark Battersea Power Station, occupying around 11.5 acres across six floors.
Oct 27 - Japanese carmaker Nissan agrees to build two new models in Britain after what a source said was a government promise of extra support to counter any loss of competitiveness caused by Britain leaving the EU. Nissan has not fully detailed how much it will spend on the new models.
Nov 15 - Google announces plans for a new flagship building in London that will have room to house 3,000 extra engineers.
Nov 21 - Facebook said it would expand its presence in Britain by 50 percent in 2017, hiring 500 new staff to add to the 1,000 people it already employs in the country.
Dec 8 - McDonald's Corp said it would move its international tax base to Britain from Luxembourg, creating a new international holding company that will receive the majority of royalties from licensing deals outside the U.S.
Jan 10 - Messaging app Snapchat said it would make London the home of its international operations, booking sales in countries where it has no local entity in Britain rather than routing them through lower tax jurisdictions as some other U.S. tech companies do.
Jan 30 - Novo Nordisk, the world's top maker of diabetes drugs, is investing 115 million pounds over 10 years in a new research centre in Britain, and will employ 100 scientists hunting for new ways to treat type 2 diabetes.
Feb 20 - Online retailer Amazon says it plans to create more than 5,000 jobs in Britain in 2017, taking the number of jobs it has announced in the country since the Brexit vote to 6,000.
March 6 - France's Peugeot acquires two Vauxhall plants in Britain as part of its deal to buy the European business of General Motors. It has said it will honour existing job commitments but unions have raised concerns about the long-term future of the plants.
March 16 - Japanese carmaker Toyota said it plans to invest 240 million pounds to upgrade its car plant in central England for future output, but warned that retaining tariff-free access to EU markets after Brexit remained crucial.
March 24 - South Africa's Brait SE, which has majority stakes in clothing retailer New Look, grocer Iceland Foods and gym chain Virgin Active, suspends plans to list on the London Stock Exchange due to the uncertainty around Brexit.
March 27 - Qatar, which has invested 40 billion pounds in Britain to buy such high-profile London landmarks as the Shard skyscraper and Harrods department store, pledges to invest another 5 billion pounds over the next five years.
(Additional reporting by Costas Pitas and David Milliken; editing by Anna Willard)
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
March 29 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order Tuesday aimed at boosting coal-fired electricity and unraveling key elements of their predecessor's climate-change policies – a move that will increase political pressure on Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's own climate agenda. tgam.ca/2o6hoY6
** The Ontario government is taking steps to boost consumer confidence in the industry for newly-built homes in the province. A new standalone regulator will provide better oversight of home builders, Minister of Government and Consumer Services Tracy MacCharles said. tgam.ca/2o6at0U
** Canada is bracing for an intense global technology race as Ottawa, the provinces and corporations pump hundreds of millions of dollars into the burgeoning artificial intelligence sector in a bid to keep the country competitive as it faces technological changes in the year ahead. tgam.ca/2o676aa
NATIONAL POST
** Two Canadian gold giants, Barrick Gold Corp and Goldcorp Inc, will form a partnership in Chile's gold belt in a multi-faceted deal that will see Goldcorp commit nearly $1 billion as miners look for creative solutions to find and fund new sources of growth. bit.ly/2o6aeD3
** The Federal Court of Canada has ruled that cabinet ministers are not entitled to wait "as many years as they see fit" before responding to valid requests from the public. bit.ly/2o6lE9P
** Boston Pizza is banking on a tech-forward urban restaurant concept as casual dining chains across the country are struggling to hold on to customer traffic. bit.ly/2o6asdn (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
With their acrobatic swivel and overhead shot, Emre Can not only score one the Premier League's goals of the season to secure Liverpool's 1-0 win at Watford on Monday but may have settled the long-standing argument about their best position.
Ever since signing for the Merseyside club in a 10 million pounds ($12.91 million) deal from Bayer Leverkusen in 2014, Liverpool have used the ever amenable Can like a handy spare part to fill whatever slot became free.
Previous manager Brendan Rodgers played them as a makeshift right back and centre back in a three-man defence, with varying success, while Juergen Klopp has shifted them about in midfield as injuries to Jordan Henderson, Philippe Coutinho and Adam Lallana kept Can move around the team as well as the pitch.
Can's failure to secure a definite role partly explains the speculation of a possible move away from Anfield at the end of the season when their contract enters its final year.
Several months of negotiation have yet to lead to a new deal with British media reporting they want 100,000 pounds a week.
Can's future is as much about position as money.
The 23-year-old favours a holding midfield role normally occupied by Henderson, but the German international has faced criticism this season from Liverpool fans unimpressed by their attempts to deputise when the England midfielder was injured.
Despite their strapping 6ft 1in (184cm) physique, Can have been accused of squandering possession too easily and often choosing the wrong passing option.
But on Monday Can get it spectacularly right, responding to a more forward role with a piece of individual brilliance that might just secure Liverpool Champions League qualification.
A WORLDIE
What made their 45th-minute strike even more impressive was their run into the box to encourage Lucas to flight the cross.
When the ball arrived, Can, who said they thought about heading it, readjusted their body before throwing their left foot high in the air to allow them to meet the ball with their right.
Watford keeper Heurelho Gomes did not move as it fizzed past them into the net. Lallana, standing just behind Can, described it as a "worldie" while television programmes and the newspapers debated whether to call it the goal of the season, or decade.
On scoring, Can rush to the touchline to celebrate with compatriot Klopp, who revealed the midfielder has played this season despite not always been fully fit after suffering a persistent calf injury, caused in part by the amount of sprinting they do in a more advanced role.
"He is a good boy. They deserve this," said Klopp. "I know how this world works. They had the problem with their calf but it wasn't possible for us to leave them out.
"We had a lot of talks about this, and people were thinking 'What's wrong with him?'. "But we needed them in those moments and they said 'Okay, I'll try as good as I can' and sometimes it wasn't as good as they could have been.
"But these problems are now sorted and they can build on performances.  They are a physical, strong boy and important for us."
Can have managed just eight goals during 126 Liverpool appearances, but five of those have come this season.
Former Liverpool striker and radio pundit Stan Collymore immediately posted on Twitter their belief that Can has found a position to call their own. "Play Emre further forward, let the shackles off and a new player is born?" they said.
Liverpool could certainly do with one as injuries continue to disrupt their season, with Brazilian Coutinho the latest to need time on the treatment table after a dead leg on Monday.
($1 = 0.7745 pounds)
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Ken Ferris)
DUBAI May 2 Shares in petrochemicals giant Saudi Basic Industries (SABIC) fell in early trade on Tuesday after the company reported first- quarter results, while most equities in the Gulf were sluggish as oil prices traded near five-week lows.
SABIC posted a first-quarter net profit of 5.24 billion riyals ($1.40 billion), up 80 percent from the same period last year and broadly in line with analysts' average forecast of 5.35 billion riyals, but its shares were down 0.8 percent after an hour of trade.
The Saudi stock index edged up by 0.2 percent but Emaar the Economic City (EEC) jumped by 4 percent in active trade ahead of a Saudi television interview with Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman that television executives said would be broadcast later in the day.
Prince Mohammed is expected to discuss government plans to expand housing and industrial projects in the kingdom as part of economic reforms that could benefit EEC, which is developing a huge industrial zone including residential space.
Elsewhere, large-cap companies carried the Dubai index 0.1 percent higher, with Emaar Properties up 1.1 percent and Dubai Investments adding 2.4 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, however, blue chips weighed on the index , which fell 0.3 percent. Telecoms operator Etisalat was down 0.3 percent and Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank dropped by 1.1 percent.
Commodities-related shares were the main drag on the Qatar index, which was down by 0.2 percent. Petrochemicals maker Industries Qatar fell 1.2 percent and oil shipper Qatar Gas Transport lost 1.4 percent. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia and David Goodman)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Scientific Digital Imaging Plc:
* SAYS ‍ACQUIRED CERTAIN FIXED ASSETS, STOCK, DESIGNS AND TRADEMARKS FROM QUANTUM SCIENTIFIC IMAGING INC​
* SAYS ‍SDI IS PAYING A TOTAL CASH CONSIDERATION OF $350,000 (C. £246,000)​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN May 3 German new car sales fell about 8 percent in April to around 290,000 autos on three fewer selling days, an industry source said on Wednesday.
Four-month registrations in Europe's biggest auto market were still up about 2.5 percent at around 1.13 million vehicles, the source said, declining to be named because official data has not yet been published.
Germany's VDA auto industry association is expected to publish official deliveries data later on Wednesday. (Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
PARIS Far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen softened their stance on Saturday on a timetable for ditching the euro, a week before they face off in the decisive second round of voting with pro-EU rival and favourite Emmanuel Macron.
Earlier this year, Le Pen repeatedly said that, if elected, they would seek a radical loosening of the EU's structure and, within six months, call a referendum on the outcome recommending a 'Frexit' divorce from the bloc if they did not get partner countries to agree to them terms.
Those include replacing the euro used in 19 EU member states with national currencies.
But in a statement outlining a new alliance with a small nationalist party on Saturday, they said there was no rush to dump the single currency, and that other policy changes might take precedence.
In an interview with newspaper Sud Ouest, Le Pen confirmed the more leisurely approach. "If everyone is agreed we could take a year or a year and a half to organise a coordinated return to national currencies," they said.
Quitting the euro has been among the anti-globalisation, anti-immigrant Le Pen's least popular policies, and in recent days, they and other officials of the National Front (FN) party have played down that part of their programme.
The alliance statement, part of an electoral pact with Nicolas Dupont-Aignan's 'Stand up France' party, put the softer stance in writing.
It did not mention a referendum plan, but outlined a transition from the euro to a much more loosely aligned 'European common currency' regime that Le Pen has talked about before.
"The transition from the single currency to the European common currency is not a pre-requisite of all economic policy, the timetable will adapt to the immediate priorities and challenges facing the French government," the statement said.
"Everything will be done to ensure an orderly transition ...and the coordinated construction of the right for each country to control its own currency and its central bank."
Although Le Pen has closed the gap with Macron in recent days, polls still show them winning the May 7 runoff with about 60 percent of the vote.
Le Pen's electoral pact with Dupont-Aignan makes them their chosen prime minister and could win them some of the 4.7 percent of voters who picked them in the first round of the presidential election along with some other right-leaning voters.
(This version of the story corrects runoff date in penultimate paragraph to May 7.)
(Additional reporting by Ingrid Melander, Writing by Andrew Callus; editing by John Stonestreet)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
LONDON, March 29 The euro, the bloc's government bond yields and banking stocks fell on Wednesday after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April.
Small tweaks at the ECB's meeting earlier this month appears to have upset investors and raised the spectre of a surge in borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery.
The euro sank to a week's low against the dollar on the report, down 0.7 percent to $1.0743. It also hit its lowest in a month at 119.05 yen.
Europe's government bond yields fell broadly, with benchmark German 10-year yields at a three-week low of 0.34 percent, down 4 basis points on the day.
Euro zone banking stocks hit a session low, down 0.8 percent, on reduced expectations of higher interest rates which boost banks' margins. (Reporting by London markets team; Writing by John Geddie; Editing by Dhara Ranasinghe)
• U.S. diplomat
• The Oldest member of the Constitutional Convention
• First postmaster general of the United States
• Writer of "Poor Richard's Almanac"
• Started the first free libraries
Franklin was a charismatic figure, but they were not really pivotal in U.S. history. Still, knowledge of Franklin is probably more basic than the authorship of the Federalist Papers. There are no questions about the authorship of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution or the Bill of Rights.
Publius and Ben Franklin are downright crucial compared to some other questions on the test, such as: "Name one of the two longest rivers in the United States" or "Name two national U.S. holidays."
More troubling than the trivial questions, are the USCIS-approved answers that are incomplete, misleading or incorrect, especially given the official instruction that "applicants are encouraged to respond to the civics questions using the answers provided below."
With that in mind, here is Question 51:
What are two rights of everyone living in the United States?
• Freedom of expression
• Freedom of speech
• Freedom of assembly
• Freedom to petition the government
• Freedom of religion
• The right to bear arms
Missing are freedom from unreasonable search and seizure, the privilege against self-incrimination, the right to counsel and reasonable bail, protection against cruel and unusual punishment, and the rights to due process and equal protection of the law. Anyone studying from the approved answers will miss learning about most of the Constitution, and may get marked wrong for mentioning anything after the Second Amendment.
And here is Question 83:
During the Cold War, what was the main concern of the United States?
• Communism
The single approved answer would give 20th-century historians fits. Yes, the U.S. was concerned about communism, but there was also a good bit of geopolitical rivalry unrelated to ideology. And the greatest concern during the Cold War was keeping it from turning into a hot war with nuclear weapons, say by achieving disarmament. But that answer would be considered incorrect by USCIS examiners.
If the Cold War had only one "main concern," according to USCIS, the Civil War was more ambiguous.
Here is Question 74:
Name one problem that led to the Civil War.
• Slavery
• Economic reasons
•States' rights
Well, you could say that the insistence on states' rights to slavery led to the Civil War, or that the economics of slavery expansion played a role, but the multiple answers enshrine historical revisionism at its worst.
Some answers are simply wrong. Question 87 asks for the name of "one American Indian tribe in the United States," followed by a list of "federally recognized" tribes. The last entry is "Inuit," thus making three mistakes at once. Although they are a native people, the Inuit don't consider themselves Indians, they are not a tribe and they live in Canada (their Alaskan counterparts, the Yupik and Inupiat, are not among the USCIS answers).
Other answers are equally incomplete or misleading, including one that might make Prince Harry balk.
Here is Question 53:
What is one promise you make when you become a United States citizen?
• Give up loyalty to other countries.
• Defend the Constitution and laws of the United States.
• Obey the laws of the United States.
• Serve in the U.S. military (if needed).
• Serve (do important work for) the nation (if needed).
• Be loyal to the United States.
It is true that the required oath reads: "I hereby declare, on oath, that I absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince, potentate, state, or sovereignty, of whom or which I have heretofore been a subject or citizen."
In fact, the U.S. recognizes dual citizenship, and allows naturalized Americans to retain citizenship in their homelands. Prince Harry, however, is fifth in line for the British crown, and they are unlikely to forswear allegiance to themselves as "potentate" (even potentially). But just in case, they should note that our two longest rivers are the Mississippi and the Missouri, and we celebrate Independence Day on the Fourth of July.
Boston College guard Ky Bowman will return to school for their junior year after deciding to withdraw from the NBA draft.
Bowman is the Atlantic Coast Conference's top returning scorer, averaging 17.6 points per game last year, when they were an honourable mention for the all-ACC team.
The 6-foot-1 North Carolina native says it was a good experience to go through the evaluation process and still dreams of playing in the NBA.
By The Associated Press
March 31 DIGIA OYJ:
* REG-THE NASDAQ HELSINKI DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE ISSUES DIGIA PLC WITH A WARNING AND FINE FOR VIOLATING THE RULES OF THE EXCHANGE
* NASDAQ HELSINKI DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE ISSUED DIGIA WITH WARNING AND FINE OF EUR 40,000 FOR VIOLATING RULES OF EXCHANGE
* SAYS HAS ALREADY BEGUN TAKING MEASURES REQUIRED TO AVOID OCCURRENCE OF SIMILAR SITUATIONS IN FUTURE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
March 28 Yext Inc:
* Anticipate that IPO price of common stock will be between $8.00 and $10.00 per share - SEC filing
* Yext Inc - Yext Inc is offering 10.5 million shares of its common stock
* Yext Inc - proposed IPO price is an estimate solely for purpose of calculating SEC registration fee Source text: (bit.ly/2nqiZFb)
SEOUL North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast on Wednesday, South Korea's military said, ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders who are set to discuss Pyongyang's increasingly defiant arms programme.
The missile flew about 60 km (40 miles) from its launch site at Sinpo, a port city on North Korea's east coast, the South Korean Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement. Sinpo is home to a North Korean submarine base.
The launch comes just a day before the start of a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, where talks about adding pressure on the North to drop its arms development will take centre stage.
"The launch took place possibly in consideration of the U.S. -China summit, while at the same time it was to check its missile capability," a South Korean official told Reuters about the military's initial assessment of the launch.
The missile was fired at a high angle and reached an altitude of 189 km (117 miles), the official said.
U.S. officials said on Wednesday that the missile appeared to be a liquid-fuelled, extended-range Scud missile which only travelled a fraction of its range.
Initially, U.S. and South Korean militaries said assessments indicated the latest launch was of a KN-15 medium-range ballistic missile, which would have been the same kind North Korea test-launched in February.
"We are now certain it was a liquid-fuelled Scud," said a senior White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
"It spun out of control after going only a fraction of its range," the official said.
Any launch of objects using ballistic missile technology is a violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. The North has defied the ban, saying it infringes on its sovereign rights to self-defence and the pursuit of space exploration.
The launch drew swift condemnation from Japan, with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe saying further provocative action was possible.
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga described the launch as "extremely problematic" and said Tokyo had lodged a strong protest.
South Korea's foreign ministry also condemned the launch as a blunt challenge to a series of U.N. Security Council resolutions targeting North Korea's nuclear and missile programme. Seoul called a National Security Council meeting and vowed to respond strongly in case of further provocations.
In a terse statement, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said: "The United States has spoken enough about North Korea. We have no further comment."
Trump wants China to do more to exert its economic influence over unpredictable Pyongyang to restrain its nuclear and missile programmes.
China has denied it has any outsized influence on Pyongyang and Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying ruled out the chance of a link between the launch and the summit, saying, "I can't see any certain connection between these two things."
Ahead of the U.S.-China summit in Florida, Trump had threatened to use crucial trade ties with China to pressure Beijing into more action on North Korea.
A senior U.S. White House official said Trump wanted to work with China and described the discussions over North Korea as a test for the U.S.-Chinese relationship.
ICBM THREAT
North Korea could choose to continue with missile-related activities through next week, when the isolated and impoverished country celebrates the 105th anniversary of the birth of the state's founder, Kim Il Sung.
It has used the anniversary in previous years to test-fire the intermediate-range Musudan ballistic missile and to launch long-range rockets to try to put satellites into orbit.
An expert on the North's political strategy warned against reading too much political significance into the timing of the tests ahead of the U.S-China summit.
"They may have taken the summit into account to pick a day but, to me, it is more likely to catch up with its own missile development roadmap for their technical needs," said Kim Dong-yub, a military expert at Kyungnam University's Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul.
North Korea failed in an attempt to launch a ballistic missile from its east coast two weeks ago. Earlier in March, it fired four missiles towards Japan, some of which came as close as 300 km (190 miles) to the Japanese coast.
It has also conducted two nuclear weapons tests since January 2016, all in defiance of U.N. sanctions.
Pyongyang tested a new type of medium-to-long-range ballistic missile in February, which it later said was an upgraded, extended-range version of its submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM).
North Korea has carried out several SLBM tests near Sinpo.
The North is believed to be developing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that could hit the United States, and its leader, Kim Jong-un, has vowed to test-launch one at any time.
Experts and officials in the South and the United States believe Pyongyang is still some time away from mastering all the technology needed for an operational ICBM system, such as re-entry into the atmosphere and subsequent missile guidance.
(Additional reporting by James Pearson in Seoul, Kaori Kaneko in Tokyo and Idrees Ali and Steve Holland in Washington; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Owl eyes are round, but not spherical. These immobile, tubular structures sit on the front of an owl's face like a pair of built-in binoculars. They allow the birds to focus in on prey and see in three dimensions, kind of like humans — except we don't have to turn our whole heads to spot a slice of pizza beside us.
Although owls and humans both have binocular vision, it has been unclear whether these birds of prey process information they collect from their environments like humans, because their brains aren't as complex. But in a study published in the Journal of Neuroscience on Monday, scientists tested the ability of barn owls to find a moving target among various shifting backgrounds, a visual processing task earlier tested only in primates.
The research suggests that barn owls, with far simpler brains than humans and other primates, also group together different elements as they move in the same direction, to make sense of the world around them.
"Humans are not so different from birds as you may think," said Yoram Gutfreund, a neuroscientist at Technion Israel Institute of Technology, who led the study with colleagues from their university and RWTH Aachen University in Germany.
A critical part of perception is being able to distinguish an object from its background. One way humans do this is by grouping elements of a scene together to perceive each part as a whole. In some cases, that means combining objects that move similarly, like birds flying in a flock or the single bird that breaks away from it.
Scientists have generally considered this type of visual processing as a higher level task that requires complex brain structures. As such, they've only studied it in humans and primates.
But Gutfreund and their team believed this ability was more basic — like seeing past camouflage. A barn owl, for example, might have evolved a similar mechanism to detect a mouse moving in a meadow as wind blows the grass in the same direction.
To test visual detection tactics in their feathered subjects, they showed barn owls screens of black, moving dots on a grey background and attached cameras to their heads to track their gazes. Then the team measured how long it took the birds to turn their heads toward a target dot, moving in a different direction than numerous other shifting dots.
The owls were able to spot the target. They were better at finding it when the contrasting dot direction was uniform rather than scattered. Even though the elements were all black dots, the direction they were moving made a big difference in the owl's perception of the world — and how its brain responded.
The researchers also recorded activity from the ocular tectum, a brain area involved in basic visual processing in owls and many other vertebrates. They found that it activated more or less depending on the movement of the dots, suggesting it was responsible for performing this seemingly complex task.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
Others find you easy to talk to. The biggest problem you might face is having enough time to socialize. You want what you want, and you'll settle for nothing less. Vital discussions and intense feelings mark your day. You can deal with only so much.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Indulging others happens naturally. Gifts you buy for someone are likely to make quite an impression. You also are likely to indulge yourself with a new gift! Be careful when making any money agreements, as plans might backfire.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Back away from an ongoing issue, and you'll be much happier as a result. A loved one could be even more unpredictable than usual. Refuse to take this person's critique personally. Your level-headedness keeps your days more stable.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Instead of starting a fight to relieve some of the tension, face facts. You are known as the Scrooge within your group of friends, at least for now. Take good care of yourself and get some extra sleep, and you will see your mood change in a few days.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Others might wonder why you are constantly doing your happy dance. Whether you sense that a major change is about to head your way or you simply are happy to see Saturn leave your sign in a few weeks, you feel great.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Step up to the plate. You might not see a situation as clearly as you think you do. Be open to listening more and speaking less. You will catch more details about a key matter close to your heart. Know that you might need to stop to gather more information.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You might like a better friendship to evolve with someone who is quite different from you. Understanding and acceptance will be key. Expect the unexpected today. Others might be getting uptight with the holiday season in full force.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
One-on-one relating takes you down a new path. Stay mellow, even in the face of an unanticipated event. You will need to ground the situation. What seems difficult to grasp now will become easier once you get out of your own head.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Russian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 FC Krasnodar 1 Amkar Perm 1 Zenit St Petersburg 4 Akhmat Groznyi 0 Lokomotiv Moscow 0 FC Tosno 2 SKA-Khabarovsk 1 Rubin Kazan 1 Saturday, August 12 Anzhi Makhachkala 1 Dynamo Moscow 3 CSKA Moscow 2 Spartak Moscow 1 FC Ufa 1 Rostov 4 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Zenit St Petersburg 6 5 1 0 15 3 16 2 Rostov 6 4 1 1 8 3 13 ------------------------- 3 Lokomotiv Moscow 6 4 1 1 7 4 13 ------------------------- 4 CSKA Moscow 6 4 0 2 11 8 12 5 FC Krasnodar 6 3 2 1 9 7 11 ------------------------- 6 Akhmat Groznyi 6 3 0 3 8 10 9 ------------------------- 7 FC Ufa 6 2 3 1 6 7 9 8 Rubin Kazan 6 2 2 2 8 8 8 9 Spartak Moscow 6 2 2 2 8 9 8 10 Dynamo Moscow 6 2 1 3 8 7 7 11 FC Ural 5 1 4 0 5 4 7 12 FC Tosno 6 2 0 4 5 7 6 ------------------------- 13 SKA-Khabarovsk 6 1 1 4 3 7 4 14 Arsenal Tula 5 1 0 4 3 7 3 ------------------------- 15 Anzhi Makhachkala 6 1 0 5 3 10 3 16 Amkar Perm 6 0 2 4 1 7 2 1-2: Champions League / EC I 3: Champions League preliminary round 4-5: Europa League preliminary round 6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 13-14: Relegation play-off 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 Arsenal Tula v FC Ural (1630)
April 28 Uhr.De AG:
* Current sole director and founder of uhr.de AG, Thomas Gaebe, will retire from the management board of uhr.de AG as of 30 April 2017
* Norman Mudring will be appointed as sole director with effect from 01.05.2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
JAKARTA, April 20 U.S. President Donald Trump will attend three summits in Asia in November, Vice President Mike Pence said in Jakarta during a visit to the headquarters of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on Thursday.
Pence said in a statement after meeting the secretary general of ASEAN that Trump would attend the U.S.-ASEAN summit and the East Asia summit in the Philippines, as well as the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam.
They said the Trump administration would work with ASEAN on security issues and trade and freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. China claims most of the South China Sea, but has overlapping claims with a number of Southeast Asian countries. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ntegrator International Ltd:
* NTEGRATOR INTERNATIONAL LTD CLINCHES FOUR CONTRACTS WORTH S$17.2 MILLION IN SINGAPORE AND MYANMAR
* ‍PROJECT IN MYANMAR INVOLVES SUPPLY OF SPARE PARTS AND ECI EQUIPMENT TO MINISTRY OF DEFENCE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
São Paulo, April 20 Higher domestic steel prices in Brazil are unsustainable in the medium and long term, and could entice imports of the commodity that could impact margins for local mills, executives at Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais SA said on Thursday.
In a conference call to discuss first-quarter results, the executives said Usiminas, as Brazil's No. 1 listed producer of flat steel products is known, said that international steel prices are expected to rise in coming months. The so-called premium, or the difference between steel prices practiced in Brazil and abroad, is currently between 20 percent and 30 percent, they said. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Alberto Alerigi Jr)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dongxu Optoelectronic Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER PLANS TO BUY COMPANY SHARES BY 500 MILLION YUAN TO 1.5 BILLION YUAN ($238.21 million) WITHIN SIX MONTHS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2BLCCwZ Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2969 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
FILE PHOTO - A TMX Group sign, the company that runs the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), is seen in Toronto, June 23, 2014. REUTERS/Mark Blinch/File Photo
TORONTO Canada's main stock index will post modest gains but still reach a fresh all-time high by the end of 2017, a Reuters poll found, but some investors worry the index is overvalued and vulnerable to a correction.
Median forecasts from the poll of more than 20 portfolio managers and strategists were for the Toronto S&P/TSX composite index .GSPTSE to rise 3 percent to 16,000 by the end of 2017 from Tuesday's close of 15,598.57, eclipsing the record high of 15,943.09 set in February.
It rose 17.5 percent in 2016 and has more than doubled from a trough in March 2009, set during the global financial crisis, and is expected to climb by mid-2018 to 16,470.
"The equity rally is eight years old but rallies don't die because of old age, they end because of recessions," said Ben Jang, portfolio manager at Nicola Wealth Management.
A recent pick-up in the global economy could help support Canada's commodity-linked stock market, while domestic growth has also strengthened. Also, last week the government held off from raising taxes on investors in its budget.
Investors had worried increased taxes on capital gains and dividends would reduce the competitiveness of Canada's businesses, just as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump focuses on trade deals and tax reform.
Trump's administration last week approved TransCanada Corp's (TRP.TO) Keystone XL pipeline, which would bring more than 800,000 barrels of heavy crude per day from Canada's oil sands to U.S. refineries and ports along the Gulf of Mexico.
But Canada, which sends about 75 percent of its exports to the United States, could suffer badly if the North American Free Trade Agreement is renegotiated or the United States implements a border adjustment tax.
Asked about the TSX's valuation, 10 of the 15 analysts that responded in the past week said the index is overvalued, while nine of the 15 said it is likely to suffer a 10 percent correction by the end of 2017.
Some analysts are cautious after U.S. crude oil prices pulled back recently below $50 a barrel, pressured by record high U.S. inventories and uncertainty over whether a production cut led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will be extended beyond June.
The energy group accounts for more than 20 percent of the TSX's weighting, while financials have an even heavier weighting at more than one-third.
Earlier in March, the country's major banks attracted increased scrutiny of their sales practices, which the banks have defended.
"Banks are looking toppy ... failing to respond to positive earnings and with attitudes toward banks souring as Canadians realize that big earnings and dividend growth have been built on aggressive sales tactics," said Colin Cieszynski, senior market analyst at CMC Markets Canada.
Other investors worry geopolitical risks or weakening of China's economy could weigh on the TSX.
"Our housing market is partially dependent on Chinese capital and if it flees because of problems on the mainland it would probably coincide with a significant downdraft in commodity prices, hurt by lack of demand in China," said Matt Skipp, president of SW8 Asset Management.
They expect the index to fall around 10 percent from current levels by mid-2017 before recovering all of its losses by mid-2018 as the economic policies of Trump "start to gain traction."
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll)
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BRASILIA The Brazilian government's on Tuesday delayed again the announcement of budget cuts and other measures to meet its fiscal target, and politicians and officials said this reflected growing pressure from lawmakers to avoid or limit tax hikes.
This was the second delay in less than a week. Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles on Thursday postponed the disclosure of budget cuts needed to meet a primary budget deficit goal of 139 billion reais ($44.25 billion).
Meirelles has now pushed the decision until Wednesday as their team scrambles to find extra revenues to help limit tax hikes and budget cuts needed to cover a gap of 52 billion reais.
President Michel Temer's options are limited as they try to balance market demands for austerity with fears among lawmakers in Congress that tax hikes could undermine an economy struggling with its worst recession on record.
"We are trying to avoid tax hikes altogether or implement hikes that will not have a big impact on the economy and inflation," said a close aide to Temer. "We are carefully looking at all extra revenues we can collect to make the decision."
Newspaper Estado de S.Paulo reported on Wednesday that the government was considering doing away with a need for tax hikes by increasing estimated income from a program for Brazilians to receive amnesty by paying taxes and penalties on undeclared assets held abroad.
Still, members of Temer's economic team told Reuters tax increases seem almost inevitable because a painfully slow recovery has reduced tax collection.
Temer's allies in Congress warn that tax hikes would face resistance among their alliance of more than a dozen parties.
"Congress will have difficulties approving tax hikes, so I believe the government needs to look for better options," Efraim Filho, the lower house head of the Democrats Party, an ally party known as DEM, told Reuters.
Other lawmakers said rolling back tax exemptions, which cost the government 18 billion reais a year, would also face resistance in Congress.
The government is searching for tax hikes that would not require legislative approval such as an increase in the Pis/Cofins federal taxes on gasoline and fuel, a government official told Reuters.
There are about 20 billion reais worth of Pis/Cofins tax exemptions across sectors such as food and beverages, healthcare and ethanol that the government could reverse by decree, economists with BNP Paribas said in a report last week.
Meirelles has ruled out hiking the financial transaction tax, known as IOF, on exchange and overall credit operations but left the door open for small tweaks to the levy on other types of credit.
Court decisions allowing the government to auction hydroelectric plants as well a potential change in the way the government calculates its debts could add nearly 19 billion reais in revenues this year, the government has said.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
(Adds production and price details throughout; changes title)
SANTIAGO, April 13 State copper commission Cochilco forecast on Thursday that Chile would produce slightly less than 5.6 million tonnes of copper in 2017, down from a previous forecast of 5.79 million, due largely to a strike at BHP Billiton's Escondida mine.
The walkoff at Escondida, where workers downed tools for 43 days in the first quarter, chopped 180,000 tonnes off the commission's previous estimate in January, Cochilco said in its quarterly report.
Cochilco's estimate for 2017 production represents a 0.8 percent increase over 2016.
"An important part of that increase can be attributed to the low base of comparison of 2016 when Chilean production registered a decrease of 3.8 percent," Cochilco executive vice-president Sergio Hernandez said in a statement.
The commission estimated copper prices would average $2.60 in 2017, up from a previous forecast of $2.40, due to tighter supply. In particular, the body cited stoppages at Escondida, the world's largest copper mine, as well as at Freeport-McMoran Inc's Grasberg mine in Indonesia and Cerro Verde mine in Peru.
For 2018, Cochilco estimated that global copper prices would level out at $2.60 per pound.
"This combination of disruptions generated expectations that during 2017, the refined copper market would present a deficit, bringing about an upward turn in the price," Chile's mining minister Aurora Williams said in a statement.
Worldwide copper production would likely grow 0.7 percent, down from Cochilco's previous forecast of 2.9 percent, they said. (Reporting by Felipe Iturrieta; Writing by Gram Slattery; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
MOSCOW, April 13 If new sanctions are imposed on Russia, then the central bank will try to mitigate the risks, the bank's First Deputy Governor Ksenia Yudayeva said on Thursday.
Yudayeva added that the central bank did not rule out moving its key rate by more than 25 basis points when it meets on monetary policy later this month, repeating what Governor Elvira Nabiullina has said.
Yudayeva also told journalists that the central bank was taking measures to ensure that inflation stayed near the central bank's target of 4 percent in 2018-2019. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Alexander Winning; Editing by Christian Lowe)
The UC Davis student senate has made it optional to display the American flag at its meetings, stirring up controversy on campus and conservative blogs.
Senate Bill 76 passed Thursday, said Michael Gofman, a student senator who opposed the change.
The bill amends bylaws that required the United States flag to be on display at every senate meeting of the Associated Students, University of California, Davis. The revised bylaws give senate members the option to petition for the display of the flag 24 hours before each meeting. The ASUCD senate pro tem ultimately has authority to decide whether the U.S. flag will be displayed, according to the revision.
The resolution says that since “the concept of the United States of America and patriotism is different for every individual, it should not be compulsory that the flag is in view at all times during Senate meetings.”
Jose Antonio Meneses, who introduced the resolution, said the changes were meant to ensure the student government is following federal law, which they say doesn't allow an organization to mandate displaying the flag.
“It wasn't political in any way,” Meneses said. “But because it is the United States flag ... it's a touchy subject to talk about. We want to make sure we are not sued.”
Gofman disagreed, saying all governing bodies within the U.S. – including a student senate – should display the flag.
“It was a purely political issue from the start,” Gofman said.
The student government decision drew attention from internet blogs, many conservative – including Fox News Insider, the Daily Caller and The Blaze. Some stories say the flag has been “banned,” “banished” or “dropped.”
Meneses said that while they support freedom of speech, many of the stories are inaccurate.
“It's not a ban on the flag,” they said.
They cited a 1943 U.S. Supreme Court decision that found West Virginia could not compel students to salute the flag or recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
“The opinion in that case is that you can't force people to pledge your allegiance, by (the flag) being there; by extension, you are pledging your allegiance to a symbol that you don't relate to or that you don't equate yourself with,” they said Monday.
They said the flag has never been on display during their two years on the student senate, and no one asked about it or the bylaw requirement until now.
A Facebook post by Gofman the day before the meeting prompted offers of flag donations from veterans groups and fraternities. Gofman plans to introduce a resolution that would allow any member of the senate to bring and display an American flag at any meeting.
There is not enough patriotism, especially at UC Davis, said Gofman, who describes themselves as a first-generation American.
“I have a much closer connection to places outside of America,” they said. “I understand what the alternative looks like. I don't think members of the senate know what it is like to live in a totalitarian country.”
Gofman said they aren't aware there was a resolution making the display of the flag mandatory.
“Once it was brought up, I was shocked and embarrassed about it not being followed,” they said.
The controversy over the resolution has generated a lot of negative email to the student senate.
Gofman said that much of the email is from alumni saying they are upset with the decision and don't plan to donate to the school again.
In a statement on Facebook, Gofman condemned two of the emails, one they characterized as “racist” and the other as threatening the physical safety of the senators who voted against the bill.
“This is unacceptable behavior,” they said.
Meneses said much of the hate mail is based on incorrect facts.
“When I introduced the bill, I didn't know it would be controversial,” they said.
* Philippines marks first losing week in nine * Vietnam posts first losing week in seven * Malaysia comes off 3-yr high, closes slightly firmer By Karthika Suresh Namboothiri Feb 2 (Reuters) - Philippine stock market rose on Friday, after three consecutive sessions of steep losses, while Singapore fell to its lowest close in two weeks. Broader Asia stumbled, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan down more than 0.5 percent. Most Southeast Asian stock markets posted weekly declines, led by a 2.6 percent drop in Philippine shares. The Philippine index marked its first losing week in nine, although it firmed 0.8 percent in the session. Conglomerate JG Summit Holdings gained 1.8 percent in the session, while property developer SM Prime Holdings climbed 1.2 percent. The Indonesian index firmed 0.5 percent, boosted by financials, with Bank Central Asia hitting a record close. An index of the country's most liquid stocks ended 0.6 percent higher. Vietnam erased earlier losses to end 0.5 percent higher, with financials leading the charge. However, the market posted a 1 percent decline on the week, its first in seven. Meanwhile, Singapore shares fell 0.5 percent, bringing the weekly drop to 1 percent. Real estate and industrial stocks took a beating, with CapitaLand Ltd falling over 2 percent to a more than three-week low and Hutchison Port Holdings hitting its lowest close in nearly a year. Thai shares slipped as much as 0.3 percent as a boost from energy stocks was outweighed by losses in consumer staples and real estate. Malaysian index ended marginally stronger in lacklustre trade, after touching its highest in more than three years, as it resumed trade after two days of public holidays. The only market in Southeast Asia to record a weekly gain ended the week 0.9 percent firmer. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Change on the day Market Current Previous close Pct Move Singapore 3529.82 3547.23 -0.49 Bangkok 1827.35 1833.6 -0.34 Manila 8810.75 8738.72 0.82 Jakarta 6628.82 6598.459 0.46 Kuala Lumpur 1870.48 1868.58 0.10 Ho Chi Minh 1105.04 1099.67 0.49 Change on year Market Current End 2017 Pct Move Singapore 3529.82 3402.92 3.73 Bangkok 1827.35 1753.71 4.20 Manila 8810.75 8558.42 2.95 Jakarta 6628.82 6355.654 4.30 Kuala Lumpur 1870.48 1796.81 4.10 Ho Chi Minh 1105.04 984.24 12.27 (Reporting by Karthika Suresh Namboothiri; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Here are today's hot rumours from the football grapevine.
They include a suggestion that Manchester United are interested in signing £50m West Ham forward Marko Arnautovic.
ANKARA Turkey's justice minister said on Thursday that any opposition challenge to a referendum that expanded President Tayyip Erdoğan's powers would be rejected by the constitutional court, and Europe's human rights court had no jurisdiction on the matter.
The main opposition CHP party said on Wednesday it was considering taking its appeal for the referendum to be annulled to Turkey's Constitutional Court or the European Court of Human Rights after the country's electoral authority rejected challenges by the CHP and two other parties.
"If the opposition takes the appeal to the Constitutional Court, the court has no other option than to reject it," Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag told television news channel A Haber.
"It can also apply to the ECHR, but it cannot achieve a result there either, because the agreements Turkey signed do not give parties the right to apply."
Bozdag also reiterated government criticism of a report by European election observers who said the referendum, carried out under emergency law, took place on an "unlevel playing field".
The observers said a last-minute decision by election authorities to allow unstamped ballots to be counted "undermined an important safeguard and contradicted the law which explicitly states that such ballots should be considered invalid".
Bozdag said the report lacked fairness and objectivity. "Those who prepared this report are partial," they said.
Sunday's referendum narrowly backed the largest overhaul of Turkey's political system since the founding of the republic nearly a century ago, giving Erdoğan sweeping authority over the NATO member-state.
But the tight result of a highly charged campaign laid bare divisions and triggered challenges from the opposition over its legitimacy.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay; Editing by Dominic Evans and Mark Trevelyan)
(Repeats story from Saturday)
BEIJING, April 1 China's central bank injected 618.99 billion yuan ($89.93 billion) into the financial system via short- and medium-term liquidity tools in March, up nearly 50 percent from the previous month, even as financial markets feared a cash crunch.
The sharp increase followed a 35 percent drop in injections in February, which in turn fueled worries about tighter liquidity in March, sending some short-term money market rates higher and knocking China's stock markets in recent weeks.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) skipped open market operations for seven straight sessions through Saturday, repeatedly saying that liquidity levels in the banking system were "relatively high", despite typically stronger demand for funds at the end of the quarter.
Adding to tighter conditions, some banks were believed to be hoarding cash and curbing lending to each other ahead of a rigorous quarterly inspection of their books by the PBOC.
In recent months, the PBOC has adopted a modest tightening bias in a bid to cool explosive growth in debt and wring excess leverage out of the financial sector, though it is treading cautiously to avoid hurting economic growth.
Its modest short-term interest rate increases this year have often been accompanied by various forms of liquidity injections to keep financial markets from reacting too strongly.
On March 16, the PBOC raised interest rates on its reverse repurchase agreements, standing lending facility (SLF) and medium-term lending facility (MLF) loans, following a rise in rates on the reverse repos and SLF in early February.
The PBOC said on Saturday that outstanding MLF loans totalled 4.064 trillion yuan at end-March, compared with 3.761 trillion yuan at end-February, implying a net injection of 303 billion yuan.
Outstanding SLF loans were at 70 billion yuan at end-March, compared with 14.92 billion yuan the previous month, implying a net injection of 55.08 billion yuan.
Total March SLF injections were 121.99 billion yuan, with around two-thirds of that in loans for a period of seven days or less, suggesting there was strong demand from banks for short-term funds.
The PBOC uses the SLF and the medium-term lending facility as tools for managing liquidity in the banking system.
China's pledged supplementary lending (PSL) facility stood at 2.216 trillion yuan at end-March, up 5.2 percent from end- February, the central bank said.
China's banks made 1.17 trillion yuan in new local-currency loans in February, falling sharply from near-record levels in the previous month but more than analysts had expected, highlighting the difficulties authorities are facing as they struggle to get rising debt under control.
Even as officials warned about the dangers from a rapid build-up in debt, China's banks extended a record 12.65 trillion yuan of new loans in 2016.
The credit spree helped the economy to expand 6.7 percent, roughly in the middle of the government's target range. Beijing has set a slightly more moderate growth target of around 6.5 percent this year. ($1 = 6.8832 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Cheng Fang and David Stanway; Editing by Kim Coghill)
NIAMEY Niger security forces killed 57 members of Islamist militant group Boko Haram who attacked a village in the southeastern Diffa region overnight, the defence ministry said in a statement on Monday.
Fifteen soldiers and two civilians were wounded during the attack by heavily armed men in Gueskerou village, which is around 30 km (22 miles) northeast of Diffa town, it said.
"Among the enemy there were 57 terrorists killed, a Toyota pick-up recovered along with a 60 mm mortar, two RPG 7s (rocket propelled grenade launchers), five machine guns, 20 AK-47s and a lot of ammunition," the statement said. The report could not be independently confirmed.
Boko Haram has killed 15,000 people and displaced more than two million during a seven-year insurgency aimed at creating an Islamic state in Nigeria. A regional force that includes troops from Niger has retaken much of its territory in the last two years.
In recent years its attacks have spilled into neighbouring Niger, Cameroon and Chad.
(Reporting by Boureima Balima; Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Larry King)
April 13 Zhejiang Xinao Textiles Inc :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.20 yuan(before tax)/share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 19
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 20 and the dividend will be paid on April 20
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/QCTTde
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
A man walks past an electronic board showing Japan's Nikkei average (top L), the Dow Jones average (top R) and the stock averages of other countries' outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks at the National Republican Congressional Committee March Dinner in Washington, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Chinese magazine poster showing U.S. President Donald Trump is displayed at a newsstand in Shanghai, China, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
Traders work on the trading floor at the opening of the markets at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., February 27, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
NEW YORK Wall Street indexes fell along with U.S. Treasury yields on Thursday on safe-haven demand spurred by geopolitical worries, and the U.S. dollar rebounded after a sell-off following remarks by President Donald Trump on Wednesday was seen as an overreaction.
Financial stocks were the biggest drag on the S&P 500, hurt by moves in Treasuries and as bank quarterly results showed weak loan growth. [.N]
U.S. Treasury benchmark yields hit near five-month lows as Trump's comments saying they favoured low interest rates intensified a bond market rally, which was underpinned worries about potential U.S. military strikes against Syria and North Korea.
Early afternoon news that a massive U.S. bomb was dropped in eastern Afghanistan added to uncertainty.
Kate Warne, principal investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis, said the dip in bond yields put pressure on stocks ahead of a holiday weekend in the United States.
"What we've seen is investors from the rest of the world putting more money in U.S. Treasuries" due to geopolitical concerns, Warne said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 138.61 points, or 0.67 percent, to 20,453.25, the S&P 500 lost 15.97 points, or 0.68 percent, to 2,328.96, and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 31.01 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,805.15.
The S&P was down more than 1 percent for the week. The energy sector was the index's biggest percentage decliner, led by declines in Chevron Corp and Exxon Mobil Corp.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, was up 0.5 percent, following a 0.6 percent decline on Wednesday that was the biggest fall in three weeks. After hitting a five-month low against the yen, of 108.73 yen, in Asian trading, the dollar steadied at 109.10 yen.
The U.S. dollar tumbled on Wednesday after Trump told The Wall Street Journal that the greenback was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the U.S. economy.
"Clearly, I think (the dollar) was oversold yesterday," said Peter Ng, senior currency trader at Silicon Valley Bank in Santa Clara, California. "The market was very sensitive to headlines given how nervous it has become due to geopolitical risk."
The yield on 10-year Treasury notes fell 14 basis points, for the biggest weekly decline since January 2016, while the gap between two-year and 10-year yields contracted to under 103 basis points, the tightest since Nov. 9 after Trump's presidential win.
The MSCI all-world stock index was down 0.5 percent, well below its session high, ending a second week of declines.
In commodities, oil prices were little changed on modest trading volume in a week in which crude benchmarks recouped more of March's losses on increased hopes world supply and demand were nearing balance. U.S. crude ended up 0.13 percent at $53.18 a barrel, while global benchmark Brent settled up 0.05 percent at $55.89.
Gold was up 0.07 percent at $1,286.95 an ounce after hitting a five-month high earlier in the session.
(Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin in New York and Jamie McGeever, Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Leslie Adler)
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
BRIEF-Ninestar says stakes in three tech firms have been transferred to co
* Says 51 percent stake in three tech firms have been transferred to co respectively
LONDON, April 3 Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff has backed Sauber's German driver Pascal Wehrlein to "come back strong" after having to miss the opening race of the season in Australia due to fitness issues.
Wehrlein, a Mercedes-backed driver who raced for now-defunct Manor last year, was withdrawn by Sauber for the March 26 Melbourne race and replaced by Italian Antonio Giovinazzi.
The Swiss-based Formula One team have yet to say who will compete in China this weekend.
"I feel for Pascal, because they have had all the bad luck," Wolff said in a Mercedes team statement on Monday ahead of the second round of the season in Shanghai.
"I'm impressed with the maturity they have shown to inform Sauber that they wouldn't be able to perform at the level required in Melbourne. That took courage and selflessness, which I know earned them a lot of credit within the team.
"Now, they need to build up their fitness and come back strong. I have no doubt that when he's back in the car, he'll prove he's still the same Pascal."
Wehrlein injured their back in a crash at the Race of Champions in Miami in January, and took time off to recover.
They tested in Spain in March, and was cleared to drive at Albert Park before pulling out on the Saturday before final practice.
"My fitness level is not as it should be for a full race distance because of my training deficit," the 22-year-old said then in a team statement.
"Therefore, the Sauber F1 Team has decided not to take any risks. It is a pity, but the best decision for the team."
This year's cars are taking corners much faster due to fatter tyres and aerodynamic changes, subjecting the drivers to greater G-forces. Several drivers have worked hard over the winter to add upper body strength as a result. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
— The FBI had leaned heavily on Steele's tips to renew a warrant to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page. The warrant was renewed in October 2013. Federal officials had previously monitored Page as early as 2013, amid concern they were a Russian asset.
— Federal officials did not disclose the partisan payments to Steele when they sought the warrant in national-security court.
—Several senior officials signed off on the warrant request, with one key name on that list: Rod Rosenstein.  They are now the top Justice Department official in change of the Russia investigation. If they were fired and replaced with someone more hostile to the probe, their successor could either end the investigation or set new rules to constrain it.
Trump was asked whether they wanted to fire Rosenstein and replied: "You figure that one out."
But the document unveiled Friday fell short of the more hyperbolic previews offered by Trump's staunchest allies.
One memorable example was Fox News prime-time host Sean Hannity, who predicted it would be worse than Watergate and would end the Mueller investigation by proving that it rested on a faulty foundation.
"Your witch hunt is now over," Hannity declared on their show a few days ago.
There's a glaring weakness in the argument that the document fatally undermines the Russia probe.
It's pointed out in the document itself, in the final paragraph on the final page. The document confirms that the FBI counter-intelligence probe into the Trump campaign ties with Russia began in July — three months before the events described in the memo.
It says the FBI probe started in July 2016 as the result of a tip regarding another Trump aide, George Papadopoulos. Recent news reports have said the tip involved Papadopoulos disclosing over drinks with a European diplomat that the Russians had Hillary Clinton's emails.
Papadopoulos has since pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, and is now co-operating with the Mueller probe.
Democrats dismissed the document as a dud, at best. At worst, they cast it as a dishonest work of partisan origami that cuts around inconvenient facts that remain classified and are central to the case.
Their view was shared by the fired head of the FBI who originally launched the Russia probe.
"That's it?" James Comey tweeted.
"Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House (intelligence) committee, destroyed trust with (the) Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with (the national-security) court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen.
"For what? (Department of Justice) & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
There was also criticism from the Republican side.
Sen. John McCain blasted unnamed people from their own party attacking law enforcement, and undermining an important probe into Russian election-meddling: "The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only (Vladimir) Putin's," McCain said in a statement.
"If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
Other Republicans took a nuanced view.
They said it was important to see the memo, which they say raises troubling questions about civil liberties and whether espionage processes were properly followed. On the other hand, they remained committed to the Russia investigation.
"I ... remain 100 per cent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller," said Republican lawmaker Trey Gowdy.
A similarly balanced take came from Will Hurd — a Republican lawmaker who used to be an undercover CIA counter-terrorism agent. Hurd voted for the release of the document, but explained in a Washington Post opinion piece that they want the Mueller investigation to continue.
The Canadian Press
Charlie Puth has claimed dating Selena Gomez "really messed them up."
The 26-year-old singer worked with the brunette beauty on the hit track 'We Don't Talk Anymore' back in 2016 - during which time they struck up a relationship - but they have admitted it was hard to date them because they had someone else on their mind.
Speaking to Billboard magazine, Charlie said: "It's about a particular moment in my life, when someone very close to me wanted the attention of somebody else.
"When I found that out and we ended it, I might have done some shady things too, and they might have asked me, 'How long has this been going on?'
"I don't kiss and tell, but the only way a song like that can come across as real is if there's something else going on behind the scenes. And that's what was happening.
"It really messed me up. I'm trying to put this the best way possible: It wasn't like I was the only person on their mind. And I think I knew that going in -- what I was getting myself into.
"And they evoked such good emotion on that song, it was a pleasure working with them That's why I'm happy to sing it, even though it came from a dark point in my life."
Charlie has never spoken about their relationship with Selena, 25, before but fans started joining the dots when they unfollowed them on social media after a spat with their then-ex Justin Bieber, they never made it into the music video for 'We Don't Talk Anymore' and they used a portrait very similar to them in their 'How Long' video.
And Charlie had every right to be cautious of Justin as Selena has since got back together with the 23-year-old singer - who they dated on and off for four years - after they reached out to them around the time they were having an emergency kidney transplant in the summer of last year due to their battle with Lupus.
SASKATOON — Curtis Knight tied the game in the third quarter before winning it in the fourth as the Saskatchewan Rush beat the Vancouver Stealth 11-9 on Saturday night in National Lacrosse League play.
Robert Church, Ryan Keenan, Mark Matthews and Ben McIntosh all struck twice for the Rush (7-1). Mike Messenger also chipped in and Tyler Carlson stopped 39 shots.
Logan Schuss led Vancouver (1-7) with four goals and Joel McCready added a pair. Rhys Duch, Brandon Goodwin and Tony Malcom had the others.
Eric Penney kicked out 39-of-50 shots in defeat.
Spell-It-Out Photos is honored to announce that Let's Go On A Letter Hunt has earned the prestigious Mom's Choice Award®. Having been rigorously evaluated by a panel of MCA evaluators, our book is deemed to be among the best products for families.
Contact
Lynn Champagne
***@spellitoutphotos.com Lynn Champagne
End
-- The Mom's Choice Awards® has namedas among the best in family-friendly products. The MCA evaluation process uses a propriety methodology in which entries are scored on a number of elements including production quality, design, educational value, entertainment value, originality, appeal, and cost."We are honored to earn the Mom's Choice Awards Honoring Excellence Seal of Approval," says Lynn Champagne, co-author of the book. "We know all the great things the MCA does to connect consumers, educators, and caregivers with the best products and services available for families.To be considered for an award, each entrant submits five (5) identical samples for testing. Entries are matched to evaluators in the MCA database. Evaluators are bound by a strict code of ethics not only to ensure objectivity, but also to ensure that the evaluation is free from manufacturer influence. The five evaluations are submitted to the MCA Executive Committee for final review and approval."Our aim to introduce families and educators to best-in-class products and services," explains Dawn Matheson, Executive Director of the Mom's Choice Awards. "We have a passion to help families grow emotionally, physically and spiritually. Parents and educators know that products and services bearing our seal of approval are high-quality and also a great value. The MCA evaluation program is designed to incorporate the expertise of scientists, physicians and other specialists;but we also engage parents, children, educators, and caregivers because they are experts in knowing what is best for their families."With the evaluation now complete, the testing samples ofwill be donated to schools, libraries, hospitals and nonprofit organizations.is a Letter Art Photograpy. Co-authors Sue Tenerowicz and Lynn Champagne are longtime friends and the founders of Spell-It-Out Photos. Their talent to see letters in ordinary items has created an international business with their photography. The fun of seeing letters is the premise behind sharing their images and this great adventure book for children."After countless adventures together over the years, we still have so much fun letter hunting. Whether hunting on the beach, in the mountains, or even in our own backyards, it continues to feel like a treasure hunt every day." Says Sue Tenerowicz.Letter hunting is a wonderful exercise in looking past the obvious and seeing the environment from a different perspective. It's an activity that can be enjoyed by all ages and a wonderful lesson to teach young children."We are also parents. We know the value of reading to a child, not only for teaching concepts such as the alphabet, but also for fostering the wonder of using one's imagination. We understand the challenge in making learning fun. With Alphie, learning starts with making letters fun." Says Lynn Champagne.The company's web site http://www.spellitoutphotos.com contains additional information.For more information and to purchasevisit http://www.alphietheletterhunter.com About the Mom's Choice Awards® The Mom's Choice Awards® (MCA) evaluates products and services created for children, families and educators. The program is globally recognized for establishing the benchmark of excellence in family-friendly media, products and services. The organization is based in the United States and has reviewed thousands of entries from more than 55 countries.Around the world, parents, educators, retailers and members of the media look for the MCA mother-and-child Honoring Excellence seal of approval when selecting quality products and services for children and families.Learn more about the Mom's Choice Awards by visiting their website: http://www.MomsChoiceAwards.com.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
March 31 China Huishan Dairy Holdings Company Ltd
* Hong kong court rejects application to freeze company assets in Hong Kong
* Company requires additional time to verify its financial position before an update can be given to shareholders
* Song kungang, Gu Ruixia, Tsui Kei Pang and Kan Yu Leung Peter, has tendered their resignation as an independent non-executive director
* Ge Kun, one of company's executive directors remains uncontactable
* Noted press articles that report on a mainland asset management company having applied to court of first instance for orders to freeze assets in hong kong of co
* "absent any other material development, company intends to announce another update in week commencing 10 april 2017"
* Noted press articles on a mainland asset management co applying to court for orders to freeze assets in hong kong of yang kai, their wife and champ harvest ltd
* Company has also lodged a missing person's report with hong kong police as Ge Kun was last known to be in hong kong
* Gopher Asset Management alleged in their application, that it was a creditor of one of co's subsidiaries in Mainland China
* Trading in shares of company on stock exchange has been halted with effect from 24 March 2017
* "until such time as board has been able to ascertain an updated position of co's financial position, suspension will remain in place' Source text (bit.ly/2nDRSqu) Further company coverage:
FORT WORTH, Texas — Jarrett Culver scored 20 points with four 3-pointers, and No. 10 Texas Tech beat TCU 83-71 on Saturday for its fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead.
Culver, Tech's hometown first-year student guard, made all of their 3s in the first half. That included consecutive baskets from beyond the arc in an 18-0 run that put the Red Raiders (19-4, 7-3 Big 12) firmly in control — even without top scorer Keenan Evans taking a shot in that stretch.
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists , while Zhaire Smith had 12 points.
Desmond Bane's three-point play for TCU (16-7, 4-6) tied the game at 9 before the big run the next 4 minutes by Texas Tech, which started the second half of league play by matching Kansas atop the standings after the Jayhawks lost at home earlier Saturday against Oklahoma State.
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU with 18 points, while Bane had 13. Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds.
Evans entered the game as Tech's top scorer, and second in the Big 12 behind Oklahoma first-year student Trae Young, at 18.6 points per game. Their first shot against TCU didn't come until there were 6 1/2 minutes left in the first half, and their first make 2 minutes later was a 3-pointer for a 37-18 lead.
The Red Raiders led 48-24 at halftime after Evans made a buzzer-beating jumper, just three days after their winning shot against Texas at the end of overtime.
BIG PICTURE
Texas Tech: The Red Raiders have already surpassed last year's win total of 18 with a month left in the regular season. They already have a win at Kansas, and host both the Jayhawks and No. 12 Oklahoma in February.
TCU: The Horned Frogs have alternated wins and losses for three straight weeks since starting point guard Jaylen Fisher's season-ending left knee injury. But they hadn't been outplayed like this all season. Their first six losses had been by a combined 19 points, an average of 3.2 per game.
Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Ross McEwan speaks during an interview with Reuters at Canary Wharf in London, Britain July 7, 2015. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON Investor advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services has advised shareholders in Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) to vote against its remuneration policy next week because it is unclear how bonuses will be paid out to senior directors.
The group, which advises institutional investors, raised concerns about what will qualify Chief Executive Ross McEwan and Chief Financial Officer Ewen Stevenson to earn payouts even though the size of potential bonuses are being cut.
The firm said that the reduction in bonuses available to McEwan and Stevenson was not enough to offset "uncertainty around how performance will be assessed."
RBS will hold its annual general meeting in Edinburgh on May 11.
(Reporting By Andrew MacAskill, Editing by Lawrence White)
LONDON Sterling skidded on Monday after data showed British manufacturing lost momentum last month, the latest sign the economy may be running out of steam after its surprising resilience in the wake of last year's Brexit vote.
Sterling, whose 20 percent tumble since last June's vote to leave the EU had helped manufacturers post their fastest growth in three years in the last quarter of 2016, fell back below $1.25 after the data, which showed growth in the sector slowed in the first three months of the year.
By 1635 GMT it was trading down 0.8 percent on the day at $1.2466.
Major banks are split over sterling's direction in the coming months, with lenders such as Deutsche Bank calling for the pound to fall close to parity with the dollar, while others, like Barclays, suggest sterling will rebound to $1.38 in the coming months.
This split in opinion, said Mizuho's head of hedge fund FX sales Neil Jones, was driving volatility in the currency.
Some traders and analysts say that now that the formal process in which Britain will depart the EU has been triggered, focus is returning from politics to fundamentals.
One of the main concerns around the economic effect of Brexit had been Britain's huge current account deficit, which swelled to as high as 7 percent of GDP last year.
But data last week showed an almost halving of Britain's current account deficit as a percentage of output, and a rise in foreign direct investment to 110 billion pounds, offering hope that one of the economy's big vulnerabilities may be fading.
U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs, however, said that although the data showed foreign investors remained optimistic about Britain's medium-term prospects, they were also simply taking advantage of sterling's weakness, and that the pound was still likely to fall over the next 12 months.
Strategists at the bank wrote in a research note that the pound would remain sensitive to the economic outlook, the Bank of England's position on how to react to accelerating inflation, and the nature of exit negotiations between Britain and the EU.
"We continue to think that the currency will reflect more near-term considerations...than medium-term considerations of what a fair-value for sterling could be relative to its future current account position," they wrote.
The manufacturing survey showed growth at a four-month low, with a third straight month of falls.
"What we've seen building this year is that we have the currency behaving in a normal, rational way – data surprises to the downside result in weakness and to the upside result in strength. That makes it an easier currency to deal with," said Barclays currency strategist Hamish Pepper.
Data released on Friday from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed speculators trimmed their record-high bets against the pound in the week to last Tuesday.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
By Ndahi Marama
Maiduguri—Governor Kashim Shettima of Borno State, yesterday, insisted that there is no part of the state that is under Boko Haram occupation as being insinuated in some quarters.
Shettima said although there were pockets of attacks on soft targets by the insurgents, the military and other security agencies deserve unreserved commendation to enable total restoration of peace and order in the state and the North-East in general.
The governor stated this when the newly-appointed Acting General Officer Commanding 7 Division, Nigerian Army, Brigadier General Abdulmalik Biu, paid them a courtesy visit at the Government House, Maiduguri.
Their words: “In the last four years, our major highways that link us with other parts of the country and the entire state was under siege. But we are proud of President Muhammadu Buhari and the Army for bringing sanity and peace to our dear state.”
They told the new GOC that, being a son of the soil, troops under their watch will consolidate on the achievements recorded to end the lingering crisis.
Earlier, the GOC said they were at Government House to register their presence, alongside their lieutenants.
Manufacturing companies in Britain have started to fill permanent jobs put on hold after the Brexit vote, recruitment company Hays (HAYS.L) said on Thursday, forecasting improved trading in its home market.
Hays, Britain's largest recruitment company, also forecast operating profit for the year to the end of June would be at the top of a market consensus range of 199-209 million pounds.
Its shares were marginally down after having gained 6.6 percent in the past two days following strong quarterly updates from fellow recruiters Robert Walters (RWA.L) and PageGroup (PAGE.L).
While smaller recruiter Robert Walters (RWA.L) said on Tuesday that London banks were hiring more staff, Hays echoed rival PageGroup's sentiment that there had been no meaningful recovery as uncertainty lingers about trading arrangements once Britain leaves the European Union.
"The banking market is in a better place than it was in a year ago, but it is still pretty subdued," Finance Director Paul Venables told Reuters.
However, they said the hiring market for manufacturing jobs was healthier, with demand strong from large international companies in regions outside of London.
"That's a real positive for the next year or two... The market is in a much better place than it was 9 months ago," Venables said.
Better domestic performance, along with record growth in Germany and acceleration in hiring in Asia Pacific helped Hays to report a record group net fees increase of 10 percent at constant currency in three months to the end of March, ahead of market consensus of a 6 percent rise.
Hays' net fees for UK and Ireland, which represent just over a quarter of group net fees, were down 4 percent at constant currency in the quarter but that represented an improvement from a 10 percent fall noted in the preceding two quarters.
All three major British recruitment companies have now recaptured the ground lost in the immediate aftermath of the referendum vote last June.
"Now (the recruiters) trade at 12-month highs the bar of expectations is much higher and they will need to keep showing improved fee income growth abroad and in the UK to keep their shares on the march," said Russ Mould, investment director at AJ Bell.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely/Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany — The only two-run sprint downhill scheduled for the women's World Cup this season has been called off after training was cancelled for a second straight day.
The International Ski Federation replaced Saturday's event with a one-run downhill from a lowered start as the mandatory training session will now be held immediately before that race.
"It's a pity," said FIS women's race director Atle Skaardal on Friday, adding that the traditional downhill scheduled for Sunday remained unaffected. That race will be the last before the Pyeongchang Games open next week. The women's Olympic downhill is scheduled for Feb. 21.
Once used as an emergency solution when conditions made a proper downhill impossible, the federation is attempting to turn the two-run race on a shortened course into a regular format at the World Cup.
The 30-fastest racers from the opening leg get to start in reverse order in the final run, making sure the winner will only be known when the last racer has come down. The new format could possibly replace the unpopular combined event, which adds results of one downhill or super-G run with one slalom run.
The last downhill with two runs was held in Zauchensee, Austria, two years ago, also as a late replacement for a regular race. The event was won by 2010 Olympic downhill champion Lindsey Vonn.
Organizers first delayed Friday's training by 2 1/2 hours before calling it off, a day after bad weather cancelled the first session. Course workers needed more time as the slope had too many weak spots after Thursday's rain and snowfall.
"The hill transformed in some places during inspection" on Friday morning, Skaardal said. "I am confident we have a good race track ready for tomorrow."
On Saturday, the 44 racers will do a training run over the full Kandahar course, but it will be shortened by 750 metres (820 yards) for the race two hours later.
"Doing two runs from the top shortly after each other would be too much," Skaardal said.
March 29 IXONOS OYJ:
* INTERQUEST OY BECOMES PART OF THE IXONOS GROUP – IXONOS TAKES CUSTOMER CENTRIC SER-VICE DESIGN TO A NEW LEVEL
* HAS SIGNED AN AGREEMENT BY WHICH FINNISH COMPANY INTERQUEST OY ("INTERQUEST") BECOMES PART OF IXONOS GROUP
* SUBSCRIPTION PRICE OF CONSIDERATION SHARES IN SHARE ISSUE IS EUR 0,115 PER CONSIDERATION SHARE
* CONSIDERATION SHARES WILL REPRESENT 3.3 PER CENT OF IXONOS SHARES AND VOTES AFTER SHARE ISSUE
* AS CONSIDERATION, IXONOS WILL ISSUE A TOTAL OF 12 012 990 NEW IXONOS SHARES IN A DIRECTED SHARE ISSUETO BE SUBSCRIBED FOR BY CURRENT OWNERS OF INTERQUEST Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Tata Motors Ltd
* Tata motors says ban on euro iii compliant vehicles sales from april 1 will have a material impact on entire automotive industry
* Tata motors says co assessing impact of order on euro iii inventory that are lying unsold on april 1, at both company and dealerships
* Tata motors says co ready to supply euro iv compliant vehicles from april 1, 2017
Further company coverage:
(Adds comments by Quebec government officials, marketing executive)
By Allison Lampert and Leah Schnurr
MONTREAL/OTTAWA, April 3 Canadian plane and train maker Bombardier Inc tried to contain a public relations debacle on Monday after protests and a dressing down by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau over hefty executive pay hikes just weeks after its latest government loan.
Bombardier, which has received more than $1 billion in federal and provincial government aid since 2015, awarded its top five executives and board chairperson raises of up to 50 percent for 2016.
The pay hikes, disclosed in public filings last week, sparked protests outside Bombardier's Montreal headquarters on Sunday and calls by opposition leaders for a company freeze on executive compensation.
Bombardier retreated on Sunday, saying that more than 50 percent of the total planned compensation will be deferred until 2020 and will be payable only if the company achieves performance goals. Executive Chairman Pierre Beaudoin also renounced their raise on Friday.
"We didn't do a good job of communicating it," Chief Executive Alain Bellemare told a Quebec radio show on Monday. "If you look at it at face value, I can understand why people were so angry, so unhappy."
The compensation packages for the executives and the board chairperson included salary, bonuses and stock options. The company was able to defer part of the raises because the remuneration tied to options is forward dating, a spokesperson said on Monday.
Bellemare said the pay was needed to retain top talent.
But Quebec and Canadian government officials said they were not surprised by the public anger against Bombardier, which announced plans in 2016 to lay off more than 14,000 people in the province and globally over two years.
Bombardier, which was forced to consider bankruptcy in 2015 after facing a cash crunch while developing two new planes, received a $1 billion investment from Quebec in its CSeries 110-130 seat jet program. Last February, it received C$372.5 million in loans from Ottawa.
"They didn't realize what impact it would have on the population and on the elected officials as well," Quebec Economy Minister Dominique Anglade told reporters at a Montreal aviation conference.
A poll by French-language network Quebecor Media showed that 93 percent of Quebecers opposed the raises.
"This should have been managed by Bombardier internally," said a Quebec aviation industry executive, who requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the topic. "Quebecers financed a piece of the CSeries, they feel like Bombardier belongs to them. So they were shocked."
Speaking in Parliament on Monday, Trudeau criticized the company's planned compensation hikes for its senior executives.
"We're obviously not pleased with the decision that Bombardier made around its remuneration for its executives," Trudeau said in Parliament. "But we're happy to see them make decisions that are fixing that for Quebecers' and Canadians' confidence."
Trudeau had given a more muted response when pressed on the issue last Thursday, saying: "We respect the free market and choices companies will make, but we also have a responsibility to ensure the investments we make with taxpayers' dollars are leading to good jobs and growth."
While Bombardier's financial situation has improved since 2015, with the company setting a 2018 breakeven target, the company is still burning cash as it ramps up production of its flagship CSeries jet and works to bring a new business jet, the Global 7000, to market.
"Bombardier is doing a lot better, but they are not out of the woods yet, so they still need the government to be looking at them favorably," said one transportation analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to talk to the media. (Editing by Leslie Adler and Matthew Lewis)
PORTLAND, Ore. — D'Marques Tyson made six 3-pointers and scored 22 points, and Marcus Shaver Jr. sank the winning free throws with two seconds left as Portland edged Loyola Marymount 68-66 on Saturday.
LMU's Steven Haney tied the game with two free throws with 13 seconds left before Shaver was fouled at the rim. James Batemon got a decent look at a 3-point try but was too strong.
Tyson made five 3-pointers and scored 17 points in the first half when Portland took a 37-27 lead. LMU led 43-40 on a Haney 3-pointer with 14:34 left and neither team led by more than four thereafter.
Franklin Porter added 12 points for the Pilots (10-15, 4-8 West Coast Conference), winners of four of their last six, the two losses against nationally ranked Saint Mary's and Gonzaga.
March 31 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* BoE consults on alternatives to using animal fat in banknotes on.ft.com/2on51nN
* Ousted South Korean president Park Geun-hye arrested on.ft.com/2on6lH3
* NHS patients warned of longer waits for operations on.ft.com/2on26ez
* Hinkley Point construction gets under way on.ft.com/2on1J3L
Overview
- The Bank of England is consulting on which materials must be used to make notes after the discovery of small amounts of animal fat in plastic 5 pounds ($6.24) notes sparked outrage. BoE, in a public consultation, said it “respects those concerns and is treating them with the utmost seriousness”.
- Facing at least 13 charges, ousted South Korean president Park Geun-hye was arrested on Friday. Park is accused of letting a now-jailed confidante, Choi Soon-sil, meddle in state affairs and gain unauthorised access to classified documents, while colluding to extort about $70 million from businesses for two foundations under Choi's effective control
- Patients seeking non-urgent operations and treatment in accident and emergency departments will have to wait longer, according to an NHS report. Chief executive of NHS England Simon Stevens presented the report on Friday into progress on its five-year plan.
- EDF said it has begun construction of the first permanent structures at Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset. This is Britain's first new nuclear plant since the 1990s. Prime Minister Theresa May had given a go-ahead to the project last September. ($1 = 0.8016 pounds) (Compiled by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Cooney)
(Adds details, comments from economists)
By Teis Jensen
COPENHAGEN, March 31 The Danish economy picked up pace at the end of last year, prompting several economists to raise their forecasts for 2017 with the proviso that labour shortages risked putting a brake on expansion.
The national statistics office on Friday adjusted fourth-quarter economic growth upwards to 2.3 percent year-on-year from an earlier reading of 1.9 percent, primarily due to stronger than expected exports. Denmark primarily exports food, pharmaceuticals and machinery.
The latest figures took growth for 2016 overall to 1.3 percent and make it feasible that Denmark's gross domestic product could grow by two percent or more in the current year, Danske Bank's chief economist Las Olsen wrote.
Sydbank may also revisit its 1.6 percent growth forecast, economist Soren Kristensen said.
"It definitely can't be ruled out that we'll see two percent growth again in 2017, which would be the first time since the financial crisis, and the highest growth in 11 years," they said.
There is growing concern in Denmark however that the upswing could be dampened by a shortage of labour, particularly in the construction industry. The government has said it will address this issue with urgent reforms.
New unemployment figures on Friday indicated that a growing number of newly arrived immigrants had been deemed ready to join the workforce, which may help to ease the problem, Sydbank's Kristensen said.
"Unfortunately, though, it is far from certain that it will make the bottlenecks disappear as it is not certain the new members of the work force have the skills the companies are looking for," Kristensen added. (Reporting by Teis Jensen; Editing by Julie Astrid Thomsen/Keith Weir)
Justin Rose of England (L) watches their tee shot on the 12th with Sergio Garcia of Spain in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Sergio Garcia of Spain hits off the 12th tee in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Sergio Garcia of Spain embraces their fiance Angela Akins after they won the 2017 Masters golf tournament in a playoff against Justin Rose of England at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Justin Rose of England congratulates Sergio Garcia of Spain (R) after Garcia won the Masters in a final round playoff during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Sergio Garcia of Spain (R) hugs their caddie as Justin Rose of England greets their caddie after Garcia won the 2017 Masters golf tournament in a playoff at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Sergio Garcia of Spain celebrates winning the Masters with caddie Glenn Murray during a playoff against Justin Rose of England in the final round of the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Sergio Garcia of Spain is presented the Masters trophy by Augusta National chairperson Billy Payne after winning the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Sergio Garcia of Spain is presented the green jacket by last year's champion, Danny Willett of England, after Garcia won the 2017 Masters golf tournament in a playoff at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Sergio Garcia of Spain holds the Masters trophy after winning the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Spain's Sergio Garcia ended nearly two decades of major disappointment when they beat England's Justin Rose in a playoff to win the U.S. Masters on Sunday, donning the Green Jacket on what would have been the 60th birthday of their hero, the late Seve Ballesteros.
After 73 majors, four heartbreaking runner-up finishes and years of self doubt, Garcia finally delivered the long awaited title when their 12-foot birdie putt at the first extra hole dropped into the cup at the par-four 18th, triggering a massive cheer from a gallery that had been on the edge of their seats.
Deadlocked after nine holes, the two friends and rivals produced an enthralling back nine showdown worthy of any Masters champion in what became a head-to-head battle.
Garcia and Rose both carded 69 to finish tied on nine-under-par 279 at the end of regulation and send the year's first major to a playoff when both missed birdie putts and settled for pars at the 72nd hole.
It marked the first Masters playoff since Adam Scott beat Angel Cabrera to become the first Australian to wear the Green Jacket in 2013 at Augusta National.
All the omens had seemed in place for a Spanish victory with Garcia starting the day perched atop the leaderboard alongside Rose on Ballesteros's 60th birthday.
Ballesteros, the Spanish talisman who died of brain cancer in 2011, inspired a generation of golfers in their country, winning Green Jacket twice in 1980 and 1983.
Garcia becomes the third Spaniard to wear the Green Jacket, joining Jose Maria Olazabal, who also triumphed twice at Augusta, in 1994 and 1999.
"It is amazing. To do it on their (Ballesteros's) 60th birthday and to join them and Jose Maria Olazabal, my two idols in golf, it is something amazing," said Garcia before accepting the Green Jacket from last year's winner Danny Willett in Butler Cabin.
"Jose Maria texted on Thursday saying how much they believed in me and to believe in myself.
"Everybody has been great. My whole family, my fiancée."
Garcia, who has been plagued by self doubt when it came to majors, once said they did not have what it takes to be a major champion but demonstrated on Sunday during an enthralling rollercoaster battle with Rose that they do indeed possess the tools, demeanour and determination of a champion.
(Editing by Andrew Both)
ABUJA, April 12 THNigeria's lower house of parliament has set up a committee to investigate the circumstances surrounding the award of oil prospecting licence (OPL) 245, the committee chairperson said on Wednesday.
The House of Representatives mandated the committee to "conduct a thorough examination of the process and circumstances surrounding OPL 245 and identify culpability of any persons, groups or organisations," committee chairperson Razak Atunwa said in an emailed statement.
The statement said former President Goodluck Jonathan could be invited to give evidence. Courts in Nigeria and Italy are investigating the purchase of the offshore block which was initially awarded in 1998 to Malabu Oil and Gas, in a disputed deal, before Royal Dutch Shell and Eni were awarded the rights in 2011.
(Reporting by Camillus Eboh; writing by Alexis Akwagyiram, editing by David Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio — Cole Gentry scored 21 points and Mark Hughes added 15 points on 5-of-10 shooting from 3-point range to power Wright State to an 83-57 romp over Youngstown State on Saturday.
Gentry connected on 8 of 13 shots from the floor to help the Raiders (18-7, 10-2 Horizon League) finish 29 of 51 (57 per cent). Gentry hit 3 of 6 shots from distance as Wright State shot 41 per cent (9 of 22) from beyond the arc. The Raiders held the Penguins (6-19, 4-8) to 31-per cent shooting from the floor (20 of 65) and 18 per cent (3 of 17) from long range.
Braun Hartfield was the lone Penguin in double figures with 20 points. They added six rebounds and three steals. Naz Bohannon had 13 rebounds to go along with nine points.
Hartfield scored seven as the Penguins jumped out to a 9-2 lead, but Hughes hit two 3s in a 14-0 run and Wright State, which led 40-25 by halftime, never trailed again.
Built in 1946 in Bedford, New York, the 1450 sq. ft. Booth House was Philip Johnson's first constructed commission. In 1955, photographer Robert Damora and their wife, the architect Sirkka Damora, moved in, intending for it to serve as temporary housing until they could build a home of their own design. After falling in love with the spare design, they stayed—until now. At age 93, Sirkka Damora is unable to manage the home physically or support it financially. The Booth House has been put up for sale and Damora is on the hunt for a new owner respectful of the value of the design.
The Booth House is similar to the Glass House in many ways. It's built on a wide, grass-covered podium and features a large central fireplace as well as lots of glass. Unlike the Glass House, the Booth house has private rooms as well as generous storage. The Damora family were respectful of the original design even as their family grew. So they expanded by adding a subterranean lower level. They also built a separate 800 sq. ft. studio space.
There's no price listed but, apparently, Damora is more concerned with finding the right buyer (and soon) than financial return. Get in contact with the family by emailing r.damora@verizon.net or calling 718-230-8858.
FILE PICTURE: A police officer is reflected in a golf cart as people wait for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to land on the golf course at their Trump International Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland, June 25, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
LONDON A grandmother who had sued a luxury Scottish golf resort founded by U.S. President Donald Trump for breaching their privacy by photographing their urinating on the course, lost their case on Wednesday.
Rohan Beyts, a long-term opponent of the Trump International Golf Links (TIGL) on the northeastern coast of Scotland, had sought 3,000 pounds ($3,745) in damages at the Edinburgh Sheriff Court over the incident last year which they said had left them shocked and upset.
They claimed that by filming her, staff had breached data protection laws.
Beyts, 62, who said they had a bladder condition at the time, told the court they had tried to hide from sight after urgently needing to go to the toilet while walking on the course. Four days later they were visited by police who charged them for public urination, media reports said.
At the time, the club was not registered under UK data protection laws and staff had used photographs taken of Beyts on their mobile phones as part of a police complaint against them which was later dropped, British media reports said.
While Sheriff Donald Corke ruled they should not have been filmed, they said any distress was not a result of the company's failure to register under the data Protection Act.
TIGL said in a statement Beyts had come onto the course looking for trouble and the case was "nothing more than a poor attempt at self-publicity in an effort to garner support for their anti-Trump, anti-business propaganda".
"Rohan Beyts is a shameless activist with a history of antagonistic behaviour," it added.
"Members of our green-keeping staff were flabbergasted at what they witnessed and reported the incident to the police. It should have come as no surprise to them that they were charged for publicly urinating on golf course land."
Beyts told reporters after the ruling: "It was never about the compensation. I wasn't interested in money.
"I was only interested in clearing my name when the Trump Organisation representative spoke of me committing a deliberate and shameful act within a few feet of the clubhouse in full view of staff and guests. That was not the case."
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)
SUNRISE, Fla. — Jonathan Huberdeau wasn't quite sure they had scored the winning goal until the referees reviewed the play.
With the score tied at 2, and a lot of traffic in front of the crease, Huberdeau slid a rebound under Petr Mrazek's pad from the edge of the crease with 7.7 seconds left as the Detroit goalie fell down. The goal was challenged for goalie interference by the Red Wings but the call stood and the Florida Panthers secured a 3-2 victory Saturday night.
When asked if they thought the goal might be disallowed, Huberdeau admitted they were nervous.
"A little bit. I knew I was close to the goalie, but whenever they push you, it should be a good goal," they said. "You never know these days. I think goalie interference this year has been either way. I'm just glad we got a nice two points tonight."
The Red Wings certainly didn't see it that way.
"I just think it's frustrating because it appears it's changed in the last week," Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill said. "A week ago, for sure, that was no goal. This week it looks like everything's a goal. Over the All-Star break they had lots of conversations, and it's changed in a week."
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers, and Harri Sateri made 26 saves for their third straight NHL win. Keith Yandle had two assists to help the Panthers win their third straight.
"I was proud of the way we kept battling to the end. It was an up-and-down game," said Panthers coach Bob Boughner, who admitted they also aren't sure about that late goal. "There was some goalie contact, but it was more from incidental contact. That's what I was thinking. And crossing my fingers that's what they thought, too."
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Mrazek stopped 30 shots in their third straight start.
"I don't know what's going to be goalie interference," Mrazek said. "He came inside the crease and bumped me a little bit and I fell. Real disappointing and very upset. We fought hard and deserved that point tonight."
March 30 London Stock Exchange Group Plc
* London Stock Exchange Group announces that it is to commence a 200 million pound buyback programme to repurchase ordinary shares in capital
* Share buyback to be carried out in two tranches Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Rachel Armstrong)
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's Banking Association said on Friday that changing the finance minister and deputy finance minister raised "alarming concerns" for fiscal discipline issues.
President Jacob Zuma replaced Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan with Malusi Gigaba in a cabinet reshuffle late on Thursday and appointed Sfiso Buthelezi as deputy finance minister, replacing Mcebisi Jonas, along with various other changes of ministers and their deputies. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO, June 15 This week's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ($31.8 million), Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Phillips 66:
* REPORTS FOURTH-QUARTER EARNINGS OF $3.2 BILLION OR $6.25 PER SHARE
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $6.25
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.07
* MIDSTREAM‘S FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME WAS $139 MILLION, COMPARED WITH $117 MILLION IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2017
* REFINING‘S FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME WAS $371 MILLION, COMPARED WITH $550 MILLION IN Q3 OF 2017
* REFINING‘S ADJUSTED NET INCOME WAS $358 MILLION IN Q4 OF 2017, COMPARED WITH $548 MILLION IN Q3
* CHEMICALS' FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME WAS $27 MILLION, COMPARED WITH $121 MILLION IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2017
* “OUR STRATEGY FOR LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION REMAINS UNCHANGED”
* IN MIDSTREAM, AN ADDITIONAL 3.5 MILLION BARRELS OF CRUDE STORAGE IS EXPECTED TO BE IN SERVICE BY THE END OF 2018
* DCP MIDSTREAM'S EXPANSION OF THE SAND HILLS NGL PIPELINE CAPACITY FROM 280,000 BPD TO 365,000 BPD EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETE IN Q1 2018
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.86 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* CORPORATE AND OTHER FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME INCLUDED A $2.7 BILLION BENEFIT FROM U.S. TAX REFORM Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Follow @insidefutbol
Paris Saint-Germain have joined the chase for sought after Monaco striker Kylian Mbappe, according to French outlet Buzz Sport.
The 18-year-old, who has been in fine form this season, is also a target for Premier League outfits Manchester United, Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur.
And it has been claimed that PSG have also identified Mbappe as a possible summer recruit.
The French champions are on the lookout for a striker who could play alongside Edinson Cavani and also accept sitting on the bench at times as the Uruguay international will be the club's number one striker.
As a result, PSG have zeroed in on Mbappe, who has thus far scored 11 goals in 23 appearances in all competitions in the present campaign, in addition to providing eight assists.
It remains to be seen however whether Monaco would be willing to sell the hitman to Ligue 1 rivals, especially given Premier League interest.
The youngster, who it has been claimed is likely to cost around €50m, is contracted with Monaco until 2019.
 They are yet to earn a senior cap for France, but has represented the nation up to Under-19 level.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya's main domestic poll monitoring organisation, ELOG, said on Saturday it had found no evidence to suggest this week's election was manipulated or inaccurate, as the opposition have attested.
ELOG's parallel vote tally projected a victory for President Uhuru Kenyatta with 54 percent of ballots cast, compared to an official count of 54.3 percent. This was well within ELOG's 1.9 percent margin of error, the group said.
Related Coverage Kenyan girl shot dead by police in Nairobi slum - witness
March 28 British oilfield services company Petrofac Ltd said on Tuesday Kuwait Oil Co had awarded the company a $1.3 billion engineering, procurement and construction contract for the Burgan oil field in south-east Kuwait.
Petrofac's shares rose as much as 2.33 percent.
The company will develop a gathering centre to process crude oil and gas recovered from Arifjan, Marat, Minagish Oolite and Burgan Wara high hydrogen sulphide fields, with work scheduled to be completed by 2020.
Petrofac said in February that it saw an uptick in bidding activity in its core middle eastern markets.
A number of contracts that were deferred in 2016 were seen coming back in 2017, CFO Alastair Cochran had told Reuters then. (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
May 2 Jonah Energy, a natural gas company backed by investors including private equity firm TPG Capital, has agreed to acquire oil and gas-producing land in Wyoming from Linn Energy for around $580 million, the companies said on Tuesday.
The 27,000 net acres to be acquired from Linn complements Jonah's existing assets in Sublette County, with more than half of the 1,200 producing wells being bought from Linn already operated by Jonah, according to the companies' statement.
Linn Energy filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in May 2016, one of the largest casualties of the oil-price slump that began in mid-2014. The exploration and production-focused master limited partnership had around $10 billion of debt when it entered the bankruptcy process. It emerged following a debt reorganisation on Feb. 28.
"The deal was very much strategic, as we've been focused on trying to secure this adjacent acreage since 2014. However, the ultimate timing was opportunistic because Linn's emergence from bankruptcy served as a catalyst," Christopher Ortega, partner at TPG Capital, said in a telephone interview.
The acquisition will be funded by equity from Jonah's investor group, which also includes buyout firm EIG Global Energy Partners and management, as well as an existing debt facility belonging to the company that will be increased in size in light of the deal, the statement said.
Jonah's financial adviser was Evercore Partners, while its legal adviser was Vinson & Elkins LLP. (Reporting by David French in New York)
March 31Sichuan Chuanhuan Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 3.2 percent to 18.4 percent, or to be 18.3 million yuan to 21 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (17.7 million yuan)
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Efk9QG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA expects to amortize $8 billion in debt this year and next, a company executive said on Friday.
Bianca Nasser, Petrobras' finance manager, said the company is more focused on buying back debt than issuing new bonds, adding that it does not have an urgent need to extend debt. (Reporting by Marta Nogueira; Editing by Bill Trott)
GENEVA El Nino weather conditions associated with droughts and flooding have a 50-60 percent probability of returning this year, the U.N. World Meteorological Organization (WMO) said on Friday, revising its view from two months ago.
"Sea surface temperatures in the far eastern tropical Pacific Ocean increased to 2.0° Celsius or more above average during February and March, creating very heavy rainfall and a trade wind collapse from the Galapagos Islands to the coasts of Ecuador and Peru," WMO said in a statement.
The last El Nino was in 2015-2016. The phenomenon has been linked to exacerbating droughts in the Horn of Africa, coral bleaching the spread of the mosquito-borne Zika virus in South America two years ago, WMO said.
WMO spokesperson Clare Nullis said it was difficult to predict how severe the impact of an eventual El Nino this year would be.
The body said that forecasts made before May or June were typically less certain than those made later in the year.
(Reporting by Tom Miles, additional reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; editing by Richard Lough)
May 3 Secunet Security Networks AG:
* Secunet Security Networks during the first quarter of 2017: growth in revenue and earnings
* In Q1 revenue of 24.7 million euros ($26.98 million). When compared to revenue during same period of previous year (19.4 million euros), this represents an increase of 27% or 5.3 million euros
* Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) of 0.9 million euros in first three months of 2017 versus 0.2 million euros year ago
* As at 31 March 2017, order book according to IFRS totalled 70.5 million euros, up 65%
* Holds firm to forecast for 2017 financial year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9153 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
OTTAWA — The federal privacy commissioner said Monday it has opened a formal investigation into the large data breach that Uber announced in November.
The decision to launch the probe comes weeks after Uber disclosed that hackers stole the personal information from 57 million Uber accounts close to a year earlier.
News of the breach prompted authorities in the U.S. and U.K. to launch formal investigations immediately, while the commissioner in Canada initially asked that Uber file a report explaining how the breach happened and its impact on Canadians.
The privacy commissioner gave little detail in announcing the now formal investigation, noting confidentiality provisions under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Uber Canada spokesperson Jean-Christophe de le Rue said the company will co-operate with the investigation.
"The privacy of riders and drivers is of paramount importance at Uber and we will continue to work with the privacy commissioner on this matter."
Uber has started to provide details elsewhere on the number of potential users affected, including about 2.7 million people in the U.K., but has not disclosed how many of its roughly two million Canadian users may have been hit.
With little information forthcoming, Toronto city council voted last week to demand information from the company on the breach based on requirements in their license agreement with the city.
The company is also facing lawsuits, including one from Washington State, for failing to disclose the breach despite laws requiring it to do so.
Federally, Canada doesn't have laws requiring companies disclose data breaches, though Alberta does have requirements in place.
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
March 30 Fluor Corp:
* Fluor - currently party to 2 subcontracts with Westinghouse Electric Co to manage construction, construction workforce at nuclear power plant projects
* Nuclear Power Plant projects are in Georgia and south Carolina
* Fluor Corp - on March 29, 2017, Westinghouse filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in United States bankruptcy court, southern district of New York
* Fluor Corp - Fluor continues to work on projects at both sites at request of owners
* Expects that co will be compensated by owners of projects for previous and ongoing work at both projects Source text: (bit.ly/2oe4KXp) Further company coverage:
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Latin American markets retreated on Friday after data showing U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased, lifting expectations of faster U.S. interest rate hikes, which could dampen demand for risky assets. The robust employment report bolstered expectations of price pressures that could drive inflation back towards the official target. It underscored the strong momentum in the economy, raising the possibility that the Federal Reserve could be a bit more aggressive in raising interest rates this year. The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after raising borrowing costs three times in 2017. Higher U.S. rates could lessen demand for risky assets, which typically offer higher yields. That perception drove widespread profit-taking on emerging markets, which had undergone a sharp rally in the first month of the year. The currencies of Brazil, Mexico, Chile and Colombia fell between 0.9 percent and 1.6 percent. Also curbing demand for Brazilian assets were concerns over an unpopular bill cutting social security spending, which investors see as key to fueling long-term economic growth. The pension bill, which is scheduled for a key vote in the lower house in the week of Feb. 19, still does not have enough support for congressional approval, the cabinet minister in charge of political affairs said on Thursday. "Local caution adds to risk aversion worldwide, bumping the dollar up against the Brazilian real," Spinelli brokerage trader José Amado said. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index led the losses among Latin American stock markets, weighed down by blue-chips such as lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA and Banco Bradesco SA and miner Vale SA. Shares of Embraer SA, however, soared as much as 9.3 percent on reports that Boeing Co has sought the Brazilian government's approval of a partnership with the planemaker that would create a new company focused on commercial aviation. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1655 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 1229.90 -1.5 7.79 MSCI LatAm 3144.58 -2.56 14.1 Brazil Bovespa 84187.36 -1.53 10.19 Mexico IPC 50433.63 -0.31 2.19 Chile IPSA 5814.99 -0.81 4.50 Chile IGPA 29251.62 -0.72 4.54 Argentina MerVal 32884.85 -5.07 9.38 Colombia IGBC 12210.00 -0.92 7.38 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.2181 -1.55 2.96 Mexico peso 18.5400 -1.03 6.25 Chile peso 602.5 -0.85 2.02 Colombia peso 2840.28 -1.64 4.99 Peru sol 3.217 -0.19 0.62 Argentina peso (interbank) 19.4950 -0.59 -4.59 Argentina peso (parallel) 19.88 0.25 -3.27 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Susan Thomas)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 20 Obrascon Huarte Lain SA (OHL):
* Says acknowledges relevant event filed yesterday by OHL Mexico SAB de CV, a company of which OHL indirectly owns a 56 percent stake, in which it informs that maintains the asset rotation policy in place
* Says it is currently not aware of any divestment process involving assets held by OHL Mexico SAB de CV
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A view shows damage at the emergency's entrance of a medical point near a site hit by airstrikes on Tuesday in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Men ride a motorbike past a hazard sign at a site hit by an airstrike on Tuesday in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. The hazard sign reads, 'Danger, unexploded ammunition'. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A general view shows damage at a site hit by airstrikes on Tuesday in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Civil defense members inspect the damage at a site hit by airstrikes on Tuesday, in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Men salvage a motorbike amid the damage inside a medical point at a site hit by airstrikes on Tuesday, in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Men salvage a motorbike amid the damage from inside a medical point at a site hit by airstrikes on Tuesday, in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
BEIRUT The Syrian army jet that hit the town of Khan Sheikhoun at dawn dropped three conventional bombs and a fourth one that made little sound at impact but produced a cloud of white smoke, according to an activist observing from a nearby hilltop.
Hussam Salloum, a volunteer with an air raid warning service in rebel-held areas, said the Sukhoi-22 that attacked on Tuesday approached at low altitude, leaving behind three columns of dark smoke and the white cloud nearer to ground level.
"The smoke was white and thick," they told Reuters from Khan Sheikhoun. "The smoke began to spread out across the town, until there was a layer over the town," they said, sending a video filmed from an observation point that showed the plumes of smoke.
The Syrian government has strongly denied launching a chemical attack on the town. While Western states have accused Damascus, the Syrian government's Russian allies say the deaths were the result of a Syrian air strike on a rebel arms depot where chemical weapons were being produced. Rebels deny this.
At least 70 people, many of them children, were killed by what two U.S. government sources say was sarin gas, in the deadliest chemical attack in Syria since the same nerve agent killed hundreds of people in a rebel-held area near Damascus in 2013.
Medicins Sans Frontieres said eight people it treated had symptoms consistent with nerve agents like sarin. The medical charity said it had also been to hospitals where it had noted a strong smell of chlorine, another toxic agent.
The World Health Organization said victims appeared to show symptoms consistent with exposure to organophosphorus chemicals. Sarin is an organophosporus compound, while chlorine is not.
Some of the dead, including children, showed no visible injuries, indicating the gas had killed them in their beds, said Mouin Abed al-Menem, a doctor who treated several victims.
Rescue workers found the bodies of a woman and two children on Wednesday in a cave where they had been sheltering, according to the civil defence emergency service that operates in rebel-held areas.
"The pilot carried out the bombing in one go, four bombs together," said Salloum, who said they observed the raid from about 1.5 km (one mile) away and used walkie-talkies to alert rescue workers.
The service they work for includes a network of volunteers who track aircraft movements and radio traffic in order to warn of potential air strikes, Salloum said.
"We discovered it was toxic gas from a civil defence worker who went to the place quickly," they added. "He told us there was an unusual smell. Less than a minute later, they told us they were dizzy and fainting. We lost contact with him."
Twenty of the dead were children, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The explosions woke up civil defence worker Khaled al-Nasr just after 6:30 a.m. (0330 GMT). They arrived at the scene to find several of their colleagues suffering from the effects of the gas.
"I COULDN'T BREATHE"
"We saw everyone was on the ground. People were squirming. Some had foam coming out of their mouths. We started picking people up," Nasr said. Shortly after arriving, they too felt a burning sensation in their eyes but kept working until they were unable to continue. "I couldn't breathe," they said.
Rescue workers undressed victims and doused them with water. "Immediately, apply water, then get them out," they said.
The victims were sent to hospitals and facilities around Idlib, including a medical position next to a civil defence operating centre near the town. An air strike hit that medical position later in the morning, the civil defence and the Observatory said.
Some victims were also sent across the border to Turkey for treatment.
"There was a rocket, a rocket explosion that had a lot of smoke coming out of it," said one of the victims, speaking to Reuters TV at a hospital in Turkey.
"There was a lot of smoke and there was a smell, it was very difficult to breath," they said. A second victim said they fell to the ground as the gas took effect.
A crater that rescue workers identified as the site of the chemical strike was about 1 metre in diameter. The surrounding ground appeared scorched, a Reuters photo showed.
Khan Sheikhoun was largely deserted on Wednesday. The casualty toll continues to rise.
Menem, the doctor in Idlib, said the medical facility where they work received 68 of the victims, 21 of them dead.
"Almost two thirds were children. Some of them were alive at the site of strike, but died on the way," they told Reuters. "Most had foam around their mouths, agitation and constricted pupils."
"We treated them with available medicine, mostly with cortisone," they added.
"We are still getting patients. Today we also admitted around 18 people, from areas a bit further from the site of the strike, in addition to two rescue workers," Menem said. "They were impacted 24 hours later."
(Writing by Tom Perry; editing by Giles Elgood)
May 3 Exxon Mobil Corp:
* On Feb 1, DOJ issued notification about possible settlement to ExxonMobil Oil Corp for potential violations of Clean Air Act at Beaumont refinery
* DOJ, EPA contend EMOC failed to identify hazards, maintain safe facility, mitigate consequences of release related to flash fire on April 17, 2013
* DOJ, EPA claim EMOC failed to include all covered processes in risk management program, to inspect process equipment in timely fashion - SEC filing
* DOJ and EPA are seeking in excess of $100,000 in penalties and corrective actions to resolve matter
* Company is in settlement discussions with DOJ and EPA, and parties have entered into a tolling agreement to facilitate settlement discussions Source text - (bit.ly/2p9DmXn) Further company coverage:
HARARE, May 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In 2015, Hope Dzimunya began changing the lightbulbs in their house, replacing the old bulbs with energy-efficient ones.
For her, the reasons were both environmental and financial.
“There are at least nine bulbs in my house and they are all energy savers, they last long,” said the 39-year-old, who works as a waiter in the mining town of Bindura, 80km (50 miles) north of Zimbabwe's capital, Harare.
Dzimunya decided to switch over even though they had missed a handout of low-energy lightbulbs to households a few years previously.
In 2011, struggling with a 20 year power crisis, ZESA Holdings - the state power utility and Zimbabwe's only power supplier - rolled out a $12 million campaign to distribute millions of free energy-efficient bulbs.
The company hoped the campaign would encourage users to give up the more familiar but inefficient filament bulbs and fluorescent tubes, as part of measures to conserve energy.
Now the government is trying to push all consumers to switch to more efficient lighting – by banning the older kinds of bulbs.
CUTTING EMISSIONS
The switch could have a dramatic impact on Zimbabwe's climate change goals, preventing the equivalent of 1,300 gigatonnes of carbon dioxide emissions over the next 13 years, according to the government's plan drawn up under the Paris Agreement on climate.
Zimbabwe aims to cut emissions by 33 percent - or 17,300 gigatonnes - by 2030, mostly by increasing investment in hydro and solar power and by improving energy efficiency, the government plan said.
Nearly 40 percent of Zimbabwe's electricity supply comes from thermal power plants, 39 percent from hydro-power - which has been hampered by drought in recent years - and the remainder is imported, says ZESA Holdings.
POWER SHORTAGES
Banning energy-inefficient bulbs should help ease the country's power crisis, says the country's energy regulator, ZERA.
At their worst in 2015, the shortages left thousands of homes without electricity for 18 hours a day.
Power outages also cut production in the key industries of manufacturing and mining by over 55 percent between 2015 and 2016, according to a survey carried out by the Confederation of Zimbabwe Industries.
Overall, Zimbabwe needs about 2,200 megawatts of electricity at peak consumption.
“The banning of inefficient lighting systems will reduce the country's electricity demand by 30 to 40 megawatts,” Gloria Magombo, chief executive of ZERA, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The ban was introduced in January, and ZERA expects the switchover to more efficient bulbs to be completed by the end of the year.
The energy saved can be used by the mining, agriculture and manufacturing sectors, Magombo said.
Retailers and wholesalers who continue to stock the old-style bulbs, or consulting engineers that recommend inefficient lighting, are liable for a fine or face six months in jail.
HANGING ONTO OLD BULBS
Conventional lighting still accounts for up to 15 percent of lighting in Zimbabwean homes, schools and businesses. And there is some resistance to switching over.
In Bindura, Hope Dzimunya says the initial cost of purchasing the energy-saving lights may be off-putting to many consumers.
“The disadvantage is that they are expensive at first, but you don't have to replace them for up to two years if you buy the right one,” they said.
That is not always an easy choice, since consumers can be deceived by counterfeits. Dzimunya spent up to $5 each for their bulbs, but fakes that cost just $1.50 require replacement at least three times a month, they said.
Experts say the LED bulb's average price of $3.50 (compared to $0.50 for the obsolete filament bulbs) pales in significance when compared to its long-term energy and cost benefits.
LEDs can provide up to 50,000 hours of light – the equivalent of five-and-a-half years' continuous use, said Norbert Nziramasanga, an electronics engineer and former director of the Southern Centre for Energy and Environment in Harare.
By comparison, the filament bulb burns out within 1,000 hours of use, making it at least seven times as expensive to buy over the same period, they said.
Nziramasanga said the LED consumes just 15 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of energy per year when used for eight hours a day, costing $1.50 on average annually, while an incandescent bulb uses 130 kWh – making it nearly nine times as expensive to run.
The Confederation of Zimbabwe Industries would like to see government back up the ban with incentives such as tax breaks to promote manufacturing of energy efficient lighting, said Busisa Moyo, who heads the industrial lobby group.
But that is unlikely to happen, said ZERA's Magombo.
“No financial support will be provided to help either traders or consumers ... as incentives are already in place, which include scrapping of (import) duty on CFLs,” said Magombo.
With over 100 consumer action centres spread across the country, the Consumer Council of Zimbabwe, a semi-autonomous consumer representative body, has been working to promote efficient energy use in households since 2012, according to director Rosemary Siyachitema.
Combined with ZESA Holdings' distribution of bulbs, the council says its outreach is finding currency with users.
Marshal Chinyerere, a hotel chef in Bindura, replaced their old bulbs with the handouts three years ago.
“The new bulbs have helped reduce consumption of electricity in my home,” they said. (Reporting by Jeffrey Gogo; Editing by James Baer and Alex Whiting.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
May 2 Tredegar Corp
* Tredegar reports first-quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.18 from continuing operations excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.11
* Tredegar Corp - North American facility consolidation is expected to be completed in second half of 2017
* Tredegar - once North American facility consolidation is complete, annualized pretax cash cost savings are expected to be approximately $5-6 million
* Qtrly sales $221 million versus $207.3 million
* Tredegar Corp - total pretax cash expenditures for north american facility consolidation expected to be approximately $17 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The attorney representing former Delaware City Municipal Court Judge Michael C. Hoague filed an appeal with the Fifth District Court of Appeals Thursday and is appealing the conviction and sentence in the case.
Hoague was found guilty of one count of tampering with evidence, a third-degree felony, and one count of theft, a fifth-degree felony, after a jury trial in November. At a sentencing hearing on Dec. 21, 2017, visiting Judge James A. Brogan sentenced Hoague to five years of community control and ordered them to pay $5,000 in restitution to the State of Ohio.
According to court documents, local attorney Christopher J. Burchinal was assigned as appellate counsel for Hoague in January, and on Feb. 1, Burchinal filed a notice with the Delaware County Common Pleas Court indicating that they had filed with the court of appeals.
According to Burchinal's docketing statement, the issues that will be discussed during the appeal include sufficiency and weight of evidence that was presented during the case, denial of due process, inadmissible hearsay and prosecutorial misconduct.
The charges against Hoague stem from a 2012 case in which they were hired by a family to defend their son who was charged with gross sexual imposition and rape in Delaware County Common Pleas Court. Hoague was later appointed to the case as a public defender, and at the conclusion of the case, Hoague filed paperwork asking to be paid as a public defender for their work on the case. On this paperwork, Hoague stated that they had not been compensated for their work on the case.
Before issuing the sentence, Brogan, a retired Second Circuit Court of Appeals judge, overruled a motion for acquittal filed by Hoague's attorneys, but said the court of appeals may disagree with him.
At their sentencing hearing, Hoague said it was “the hardest day” of their life.
“My career, my life's passion, and my livelihood is finished,” Hoague said on Dec. 21. “I should have been more careful. … This unintentional oversight cost me everything. I'm responsible for my situation, and I'm sorry.”
There were no additional filings Friday.
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Glenn Battishill at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @BattishillDG.
Contact Glenn Battishill at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @BattishillDG.
If there's one show which can transport you to the sheer pizzazz of Broadway, it's a Funny Girl.
The story of Fanny Brice, whose mixture of vocal talent and comedy carried them from humble Brooklyn beginnings to super stardom brought global fame to Barbra Streisand on stage and screen 50 years ago and any portrayal is bound to be measured against that template.
So this stage revival, visiting Nottingham's Theatre Royal as part of a UK tour, has a hard act to follow.
But it succeeds and if you can't imagine anybody filling Streisand's shoes, well Natasha Barnes comes just about as close as possible in what, for her, is an absolute triumph.
One of the strengths of this show is that while some of the songs are familiar it is fresh for most audiences.
Fanny unveils their story from their dressing room at the New Amsterdam Theatre in New York in 1927, with flashbacks to their Brooklyn beginnings through vaudeville to headlining the legendary Ziegfeld Follies.
Brice was a natural talent, with their ungainliness, comic timing and an ability to sing serious and silly songswith equal commitment.
They were something of a pioneer in that they were one of the first really popular comedians – a total contrast to the leggy, attractive dancers in Ziegfeld's line-ups.
It's not an easy role but Barnes is quite superb.
Some of their best moments are when they are alone on stage, dovetailing perfectly with the big dance routines with the entire ensemble.
And the showstoppers, People and the first act-ender Don't Rain on My Parade, are handled with aplomb.
Them love interest is Nicky Arnstein, tall, handsome, debonair, a business person with a fondness for the cards, the dice and the horses.
Here we have Darius Campbell strolling through the part, using their height, elegance and deep voice to reprise their role in the West End opposite Sheridan Smith.
It is Arnstein, with their sophistication and contacts, who is the dominant figure in the early stages of the relationship: then, in the second act, as Fanny's star rises their wanes, along with their deteriorating relationship.
A show such as this needs strong support and this is provided by excellent performances from Joshua Lay as Eddie Ryan, a song and dance man who has been with Fanny since their Brooklyn days and suffers from a bad dose of unrequited love, and their mother (understudy Nova Skipp on the night I was there) with further strong showings from Nigel Barber as Florenz Ziegfeld, Jennifer Harding, Lloyd Davies, Myra Sands, Zoe Ann Brown and Martin Callaghan.
Set and costumes are superb and musical director Ben Van Tienan gives full rein to the superb Jule Styne and Bob Merrill chart in what is a lovely throwback to the golden age of Broadway.
March 31 Lenovo Group Ltd
* Estimated value of transactions between group and compal group under existing cct agreements will not exceed us$16,000 million
* Refers to announcements in relation to transactions contemplated under existing cct agreements entered into between lenovo singapore and compal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
March 28 Mccormick & Company Inc:
* Mccormick reports on first quarter results and latest financial outlook
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.76
* Q1 earnings per share $0.74
* Q1 sales rose 1 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.75 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share view $4.05 to $4.13 excluding items
* Sees Q2 2016 adjusted earnings per share $0.75 excluding items
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $3.98 to $4.06
* Sees Q2 2016 earnings per share $0.73
* For 2017 fiscal year, mccormick updated its financial outlook to reflect a higher impact of special charges
* FY2017 earnings per share view $4.08 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.82 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* In 2017, mccormick expects to grow sales 3pct to 5pct compared to 2016
* Mccormick & Company - on-track to achieve approximately $100 million in 2017 in cost savings led by comprehensive continuous improvement (CCI) program
* Mccormick & Company - FY sales are expected to be driven by pricing actions which are intended to offset exepcted mid-single digit increase in material costs
* Mccormick & Company Inc - has organization and streamlining actions underway ; increased its 2017 projection of related charges to about $11 million from $4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Scores from the PGA Championship at the par-71 course on Sunday in Charlotte, North Carolina -8 Justin Thomas (U.S.) 73 66 69 68 -6 Patrick Reed (U.S.) 69 73 69 67 Francesco Molinari (Italy) 73 64 74 67 Louis Oosthuizen (South Africa) 70 67 71 70 -5 Hideki Matsuyama (Japan) 70 64 73 72 Rickie Fowler (U.S.) 69 70 73 67 -4 Kevin Kisner (U.S.) 67 67 72 74 Graham DeLaet (Canada) 70 73 68 69 -1 Chris Stroud (U.S.) 68 68 71 76 Jordan Smith (Britain) 70 75 70 68 Matt Kuchar (U.S.) 71 74 70 68 Jason Day (Australia) 70 66 77 70 0 Dustin Johnson (U.S.) 70 74 73 67 Henrik Stenson (Sweden) 74 70 70 70 Scott Brown (U.S.) 73 68 70 73 James Hahn (U.S.) 73 70 71 70 Paul Casey (Britain) 69 70 74 71 Brooks Koepka (U.S.) 68 73 74 69 Marc Leishman (Australia) 75 71 71 67 Ryan Moore (U.S.) 71 71 73 69 Brian Harman (U.S.) 69 75 71 69 1 Chez Reavie (U.S.) 72 70 70 73 Grayson Murray (U.S.) 68 73 69 75 Rory McIlroy (Britain) 72 72 73 68 Robert Streb (U.S.) 74 70 70 71 Gary Woodland (U.S.) 68 74 69 74 Ian Poulter (Britain) 74 71 71 69 2 Jordan Spieth (U.S.) 72 73 71 70 Richard Sterne (South Africa) 73 72 70 71 J.B. Holmes (U.S.) 74 73 67 72 An Byeong Hun (Korea) 71 69 74 72 Pat Perez (U.S.) 70 76 69 71 3 Patrick Cantlay (U.S.) 72 71 72 72 Jason Kokrak (U.S.) 75 70 72 70 Webb Simpson (U.S.) 76 70 72 69 Kevin Chappell (U.S.) 72 75 69 71 Bryson DeChambeau (U.S.) 73 71 72 71 Jamie Lovemark (U.S.) 74 71 72 70 Sean O'Hair (U.S.) 71 75 70 71 Keegan Bradley (U.S.) 74 70 73 70 Chris Wood (Britain) 72 72 70 73 Lucas Glover (U.S.) 75 70 72 70 Bud Cauley (U.S.) 69 74 74 70 4 Jim Herman (U.S.) 69 75 72 72 Kang Sung-Hoon (Korea) 70 71 71 76 Tony Finau (U.S.) 69 74 71 74 Thorbjorn Olesen (Denmark) 67 78 71 72 5 Zach Johnson (U.S.) 71 73 71 74 Charley Hoffman (U.S.) 75 71 73 70 Charl Schwartzel (South Africa) 74 70 72 73 Shane Lowry (Ireland) 74 69 74 72 Billy Horschel (U.S.) 76 70 69 74 Satoshi Kodaira (Japan) 71 76 67 75 6 Steve Stricker (U.S.) 75 70 72 73 Ryan Fox (New Zealand) 75 66 71 78 Bill Haas (U.S.) 75 69 73 73 D.A. Points (U.S.) 68 73 74 75 7 Jason Dufner (U.S.) 74 72 72 73 Jon Rahm (Spain) 70 75 71 75 Kelly Kraft (U.S.) 73 73 71 74 8 Adam Scott (Australia) 71 76 74 71 Tommy Fleetwood (Britain) 70 75 73 74 9 Dylan Frittelli (South Africa) 73 71 77 72 Cody Gribble (U.S.) 72 75 74 72 David Lingmerth (Sweden) 72 73 71 77 10 Vijay Singh (Fiji) 75 70 79 70 11 Alexander Noren (Sweden) 74 69 75 77 Lee Westwood (Britain) 73 72 75 75 Kim Kyung-Tae (Korea) 73 72 75 75 Hideto Tanihara (Japan) 71 75 74 75 12 Daniel Summerhays (U.S.) 76 67 77 76 Russell Henley (U.S.) 75 71 77 73 13 Omar Uresti (U.S.) 74 70 80 73 Charles Howell III (U.S.) 78 69 78 72 15 Anirban Lahiri (India) 72 73 76 78
ERBIL, Iraq, April 6 Two Iraqi army pilots were killed on Thursday when their helicopter was shot down over the city of Mosul by Islamic State, according to a military statement.
The helicopter was providing air support to Federal Police forces battling Islamic State fighters on the western side of Mosul, the statement said.
It is the first aircraft downed by Islamic State over Mosul since the start of the U.S.-backed offensive on the northern Iraqi city, in October.
Mosul is Islamic State's last major city stronghold in Iraq. The hardline group seized the city nearly three years ago, declaring from one of its old mosques a "caliphate" that also spans parts of Syria. (Reporting by Maher Chmaytelli; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
WELLINGTON Tom Latham has been appointed New Zealand captain for one-day matches against Ireland and Bangladesh ahead of the Champions Trophy, New Zealand Cricket said on Thursday.
The 25-year-old opening batsman will step in for usual captain Kane Williamson, who has commitments in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
Vice-captain Tim Southee will also still be playing in the IPL when the triangular series starts in Ireland on May 12.
"Tom has been a leader within the side for a while now and this is a chance to continue their development in that area," selector Gavin Larsen said in a statement.
"It's a great learning opportunity for Tom and a chance for other squad members to take on a bigger leadership role too."
Fast bowler Seth Rance and all-rounder Scott Kuggeleijn, who was drafted into the test squad last month but did not play, could make their ODI debuts during the series.
Pace bowler Neil Wagner, who was named New Zealand's Test Player of the Year last week, could also make their ODI debut during the series.
"This is a fantastic opportunity to give new players a taste of international cricket, as well as reward guys who have pushed their way back into contention," said Larsen.
Pace bowler Hamish Bennett and batsman George Worker have also returned to the squad.
The Champions Trophy starts in England on June 1.
Squad: Tom Latham (captain), Hamish Bennett, Neil Broom, Scott Kuggeleijn, Colin Munro, James Neesham, Henry Nicholls, Jeetan Patel, Seth Rance, Luke Ronchi, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Ross Taylor, Neil Wagner, George Worker
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
In the aftermath of Ben Bernanke's announced timetable for ending Fed bond purchases, long-term interest rates have jumped up, while stock prices have cratered down. I think the Bernanke plan is premature — especially in a 2 percent economy with falling inflation and inflation expectations.
It's noteworthy that 10-year Treasury notes have moved up about 70 basis points year to date. Currently they're around 2.5 percent.
Most of that rate rise — more than 50 basis points — is coming from a jump in Treasury inflation-protected securities, known as TIPS. Now that could be a good thing, as rising real interest rates signify a stronger economy.
The trouble is, on balance, it's real hard to find strong evidence of a stronger economy. Instead, as economist David Goldman has noted, investors are bailing out of TIPS because they're not worried about inflation — which, by the way, is running about 1 percent.
So selling TIPS bonds has raised market interest rates. And that, in turn, has done considerable damage to the stock market and perhaps will pinch the economy.
But the story doesn't end there. So-called inflation break-even spreads have been narrowing significantly. This includes 10-year TIPS implied inflation, as well as five-year-forward inflation expectations. They've all dropped about 60 basis points, which is roughly equal to the rise in real interest rates.
So one could argue — as a warning to Bernanke — that rising rates is a deflationary event, not a growth event. And if the Fed is too hasty in tapering its bond purchases — and after all, tapering is really tightening — interest rates may continue to rise for the wrong reasons, namely deflation rather than faster economic growth.
There is no doubt that the Fed has got to end its bond purchases and eventually figure a way out of its oversized bond portfolio. In recent months I have commended Bernanke for producing low inflation, after many of us wrongly predicted higher inflation. But as St. Louis Fed head James Bullard said this morning, the low-inflation trend may be too much of a good thing. And bond-purchase tapering — excuse me, I mean tightening — could generate deflationary impulses that could damage the economy.
As an old gold-watching guy, I am obliged to note that the crash in the gold price is moving side by side with the decline in inflation expectations.
All this is why I believe the Fed should move extremely slowly in shifting policy in our still fragile economy.
— Larry Kudlow is economics editor at National Review Online, host of CNBC's The Kudlow Report, and author of the daily web blog Kudlow's Money Politic$. Click here to contact him, follow them on Twitter: @larry_kudlow, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
* Futures up: Dow 1 pt, S&P 0.75 pts, Nasdaq 0.5 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 10 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Monday as investors awaited earnings from big banks later in the week, kicking off the first-quarter earnings season.
* JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report quarterly earnings on Thursday and could give a glimpse into the U.S. banking industry after a strong finish in the fourth quarter.
* Investors are keenly watching the quarterly results to justify lofty market valuations following a post-election rally, sparked off by bets that President Donald Trump would introduce pro-growth policies.
* Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year, the most since the fourth-quarter of 2014. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
* Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak in Michigan after markets close. Investors will be looking to clues on the central bank's plans to trim its $4.5 trillion balance sheet after recent comments from Fed officials.
* Wall Street closed slightly lower on Friday after a disappointing job report hit already weakened sentiment following a U.S. missile strike on Syria.
* Early premarket movers included generic drugmaker Akorn , up 12 percent at $33.30 after confirming that it was in talks to be bought by German healthcare group Fresenius.
* Swift Transportation rose 11 percent to $22.20 after announcing a merger with Knight Transportation.
Futures snapshot at 7:04 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were up 1 point, or 0 percent, with 16,961 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were up 0.75 points, or 0.03 percent, with 107,808 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 0.5 points, or 0.01 percent, on volume of 17,005 contracts.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
São Paulo, April 13 China Merchants Group Ltd is in advanced talks to buy Advent International Corp's 50 percent stake in TCP Terminal de Contêineres de Paranaguá SA, Brazil's second-busiest container port, O Estado de S. Paulo newspaper said on Thursday.
According to Estado, which cited unnamed sources familiar with the transaction, talks with the Chinese state-run company known as CMG gained momentum after Advent's negotiations with Dubai-based DP World Ltd hit a snag.
Reuters reported in August that Advent had hired Morgan Stanley & Co and Grupo BTG Pactual SA to sell the TCP stake. Sources said at the time that Advent wanted to fetch a price for the stake that could set a minimum value of 3.5 billion reais ($1.1 billion) for TCP.
Currently, DP World is engaged in talks to buy out partner Odebrecht SA in the Embraport container terminal at Brazil's Santos port, Latin America's largest, Estado said. Odebrecht is selling assets and refinancing debt following its involvement in Brazil's biggest corruption scandal.
Two people involved in the transaction told Reuters recently that Advent partners flew to Hong Kong and Dubai in February to discuss preliminary terms for the TCP deal with CMG and DP World, respectively.
TCP and Advent declined to comment on the Estado report and the February trip. China Merchant, DP World and Odebrecht did not immediately have a comment.
($1 = 3.1203 reais) (Reporting by Brad Haynes, Tatiana Bautzer and Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
One of the oldest churches in Burlington is planning a celebration of its history through words and music.
Lowville United Church is hosting a public event on Sunday, Oct. 22 starting at 10 a.m.
The day will include a reading of Joseph Featherstone's 1846 letter to England describing life in the rural village of Lowville.
There will be displays of family trees of Lowville's pioneers and the founders of the first Methodist meeting house, historical photos and documents from the early 1900s, craft displays, music from the 1800s performed by a piper and fiddler, and a 1982 CBC video of Lowville's Thanksgiving service.
MILAN, April 9 AS Roma maintained their dogged pursuit of Serie A leaders Juventus with a 3-0 win at Bologna on Sunday while Inter Milan's European hopes suffered a setback as they slumped to a 2-1 defeat at lowly Crotone.
Crotone's win was only their fifth of the season and by far the most impressive scalp for the team from Calabria who are playing in the top flight for the first time.
Roma stayed six points behind Juventus who beat Chievo 2-0 on Saturday. Both teams have seven matches to play, including a meeting at the Stadio Olimpico on May 14.
Federico Fazio put Roma ahead from close range in the 26th minute and Mohamed Salah added another before halftime when they latched onto Edin Dzeko's pass and cleverly lobbed the ball over Antonio Mirante.
Dzeko completed the scoring in the 75th minute when they tapped in Diego Perotti's cross for their 24th goal of the season, making them the league's joint topscorer.
Crotone floored Inter with two goals from forward Diego Falcinelli in four minutes midway through the first half.
Falcinelli converted a penalty, awarded for handball by Gary Medel, in the 19th minute and then beat the offside trap to run onto Marcelo Trotta's pass and lob the ball over Samir Handanovic.
Danilo D'Ambrosio pulled one back for Inter in the second half but Crotone held out for an historic win which increased their hopes of pulling off a great escape.
They remain in the drop zone but are just three points adrift of Empoli and safety.
Inter, meanwhile, dropped to seventh and outside the Europa League places, increasing the pressure on coach Stefano Pioli.
AC Milan moved above their neighbours into sixth with a comfortable 4-0 win over Palermo, who are one off the bottom with 15 points and look almost certain to go down.
Fiorentina twice came from behind to draw 2-2 at Sampdoria and Torino's Andrea Belotti scored their 24th goal of the season in the 3-2 win at Cagliari to stay neck-and-neck with Dzeko at the top of the scoring charts. (Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
They'll be going nowhere fast but accomplishing a lot at the same time.
The second annual Ride to Provide, an indoor cycling event, takes place Friday, Oct. 20, from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., at World Tour Indoor Cycling, 845 Harrington Ct.
All proceeds will go toward fighting hunger in the community by benefiting the Burlington Food Bank and Food for Life.
“One in seven families in Burlington is battling hunger. There is an ongoing need to provide food 12 months a year to the hungry in the community,” states Food for Life press release.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PARIS Far-right National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, who is campaigning on a platform of economic nationalism, says France's GDP growth would accelerate to 2.5 percent towards the end of their first term if they win the upcoming election.
Le Pen wants to drop the euro currency, a move that would throw the future of the European single currency into doubt, and vows to re-negotiate France's relationship with the European Union, promising a referendum on EU membership if those talks fail.
In an interview with newspaper Ouest-France, Le Pen described their 2.5 percent growth forecast by 2021 as "extremely reasonable".
"From the moment I implement intelligent protectionism that will fight against unfair international competition, it will turn the economy around," Le Pen was quoted as saying, adding that growth will be accompanied by an increase in purchasing power.
France's economy, the second biggest in the euro zone, has not expanded at that rate since 2004. Hobbled by heavy regulation and high unemployment, French GDP growth in 2016 was an anaemic 1.1 percent and is predicted to reach 1.5 percent this year.
Le Pen portrays themselves as the champion of French workers, promising to protect them from what they have called "anarchic globalisation".
Among their policy pledges is a tax on French companies that hire foreign workers and a requirement that retailers stock a certain percentage of French products.
Le Pen also said in the interview that France would have the backing of member states including Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece when they re-negotiates EU treaties.
The leader of the anti-immigration, eurosceptic party said EU members were suffering under the weight of Brussels bureaucracy.
Opinion polls project Le Pen winning the first round of voting on April 23 but losing in the second round a fortnight later, most likely to independent challenger Emmanuel Macron, a former economy minister under outgoing President Francois Hollande.
(Reporting by Yann Le Guernigou; Writing by Bate Felix; Editing by Richard Lough)
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out.
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season.
"We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said.
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in their right index finger and Steven Matz left their start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in their left middle finger.
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next. Just in the last three days, New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster.
"I haven't slept in a week — well, at least," they said. "We're just trying to think of ways to get out. What can we do? What can we stress? How can we react today? What conversations can we have with which players? We have to try to continue to get out of what's going on."
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance. Balls have dropped between outfielders. Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning. Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect.
The roster keeps churning over, too.
"I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days," assistant general manager John Ricco said. "That's going to tax any team."
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
The Supreme Court has found Shell E & P Ireland was acting in civil contempt of court orders when, nine years ago, it entered on to commonage lands at Rossport located on the modified route for the Corrib gas onshore pipeline.
A three-judge Supreme Court on Wednesday overturned as “incorrect” a 2010 High Court finding that a November 2007 order of District Judge Mary Devins prohibiting Shell's entry onto the commonage, except in accordance with the Gas Act 1976, did not prevent Shell entering on to the commonage after acquiring a 1/62nd share of the land.
Shell acquired the interest in the commonage in May 2008 and went on to it in July and August 2008.
Rossport South resident Monica Muller, a co-owner of the commonage, then applied to have the company held in contempt of the November 2007 order. They claimed Shell should not have entered on to the lands for the purpose of carrying out tests without their consent and without having first applied to Judge Devins to vacate their order.
In September 2009, Judge Devins ruled Shell was in contempt but added they believed their November 2007 order was moot (pointless) given Shell's acquisition of a share of the commonage. They required Shell to apply to vacate the 2007 order, which was done, and Shell also paid a donation of €3,000 to An Taisce's planning unit and the legal costs of Ms Muller.
After Shell appealed, Judge Devins referred legal issues for determination by the High Court.
In 2010, the then High Court president, Mr Justice Nicholas Kearns, found the November 2007 order did not absolutely prohibit any entry whatsoever on to the commonage lands by Shell. The order, made under Section 26.4 of the Gas Act, could not prohibit entry by Shell on to the commonage after it acquired a share in the commonage, they also ruled.
The matter was not brought home to the requisite legal standard to justify a finding Shell was guilty of civil contempt, they ruled.
2007 prohibition order
Giving the Supreme Court judgment allowing Ms Muller's appeal against that decision, Ms Justice Mary Laffoy said, in the context of the factual and procedural background to this matter, Judge Devins was correct in finding Shell in contempt as a result of being in breach of their 2007 prohibition order. The High Court finding Shell was not in contempt was “incorrect”, they ruled.
The acts performed by Shell when it entered on to the lands were acts requiring consent of Ms Muller when the 2007 prohibition order was made, they said. As a result of Ms Muller having invoked the relevant provisions, those were acts prohibited by the 2007 order.
Shell did “much more than mere entry” onto the lands, the judge said. It “clearly entered” for the purpose of carrying out site investigations, works of a type in respect of which Shell clearly considered it required consent of occupiers or co-owners.
Notwithstanding what the High Court had said to the contrary, Judge Devins had held the acts of entry were proved beyond reasonable doubt and were in contempt of the 2007 order, they said.
Those “very clear and unambiguous” findings of Judge Devins were not diluted by the latter's additional statement, in their case stated to the High Court, that Shell's purchase of a share in the Rossport commonage rendered the 2007 prohibition order moot. That view of Judge Devins as to mootness was “incorrect”, Ms Justice Laffoy held.
NEW DELHI/MOSCOW, March 31 The acquisition of Indian refiner Essar Oil by a consortium led by Russian oil company Rosneft is expected to be completed in the next few weeks, Essar said in written comments to Reuters on Friday.
"The parties are working towards obtaining the requisite approvals to complete the transaction. We are hopeful that the deal will be completed in the upcoming few weeks," Essar said.
All the parties, which include Rosneft and commodities trader Trafigura along with Russian private investment group United Capital Partners, have previously said that the deal was expected to be completed within the first quarter.
A Rosneft spokesperson confirmed on Friday that the timing of the deal's completion had moved. UCP declined to comment. (Reporting by Nidhi Verma in New Delhi, Katya Golubkova and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
"It feels good. It's tough to explain. It is awesome. It's a good feeling."
The Jaguars have a lot to feel good about right now.
It starts with Bortles, who has been close to flawless the last two games.
Bortles completed 44 of 62 passes for 577 yards, with four touchdowns and no interceptions, in consecutive home wins against Indianapolis and Seattle. They were sacked just once in those games, too.
"He's doing their thing, and he's cool as a cat," Lewis said. "When we're not doing well or we take a bad loss, they get all the blame, so they deserve a lot of praise for what he's doing out there and how he's been leading. He's been leading from the front. They don't blame anybody when people drop the ball or a negative play happens. They don't blame anybody. They just goes out there and continues to work."
Bortles has a fully healthy offensive line for the first time since early October, has Fournette (ankle) back at full speed and is getting productivity from rookie receivers Dede Westbrook and Keelan Cole. Fellow receiver Allen Hurns (ankle) is expected back this week, so that could be a plus down the stretch, too.
Special teams have provided a spark in recent weeks, with Jaydon Mickens' 72-yard return that set up a touchdown against the Seahawks being the latest boost. Josh Lambo, signed off the street in mid-October, has made 16 of 17 field goals and 13 of 14 extra points.
And Jacksonville's defence continues making big plays. Even though Russell Wilson torched the vaunted secondary for touchdowns of 26, 61 and 74 yards Sunday, they also threw three interceptions that the Jaguars turned into 10 points.
All those performances have Jacksonville playing meaningful games in December for the first time in years.
Cornerback Jalen Ramsey said the Jaguars don't really care about what people think.
"It's our first winning season in a while," Ramsey said. "We're happy about that. We're going to keep grinding, trying to stack some wins. That's what it's about right now."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Mark Long, The Associated Press
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v Everton - Premier League - Old Trafford - 4/4/17 Everton manager Ronald Koeman walks off after the game Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Everton manager Ronald Koeman expects midfielder Ross Barkley to let the Merseyside club know whether they have decided to extend their contract beyond the end of next season before the current campaign finishes in May.
Koeman has already made it clear the club will sell Barkley during the next transfer window if the England international, who has been linked with a switch to Chelsea or Manchester City, decides against signing a new deal.
The 23-year-old Barkley, who came through the academy at Everton, has been in fine form this campaign, scoring four goals and providing eight assists in the Premier League so far.
"I know the board is talking to their agent. We need to know the answer at the end of the season," Koeman told reporters on Thursday.
"We will offer them the contract that is good for the player. Everton is the best place for him."
Everton have an outside chance of creeping into the top four and qualifying for next season's Champions League as they sit seventh in the table on 54 points, seven behind fourth-placed Manchester City, who have a game in hand.
"I spoke to Ross a few weeks ago and they mentioned their ambition, Champions League, and I told them I have the same ambition," Koeman added.
"It's normal. Every player would like to play Champions League. Our next step is Europe... Everybody has seen the difference between this season and last, the club is going in the right direction."
Everton will be looking for an eighth consecutive league victory at Goodison Park when they host 12th-placed Burnley on Saturday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
NEW YORK William Wyler lost their hearing, George Stevens never made another comedy, and John Huston suffered what is now known as Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after years of filming scenes of death and destruction.
The three directors, along with Frank Capra and John Ford, were not the only ones changed by their experiences documenting World War Two.
Hollywood itself was also changed, the documentary "Five Came Back" shows, bringing a new realism to way the war was depicted in the movies and its effects on those who served and those who stayed behind.
"The toll the war took on these men was profound," said Mark Harris, author of "Five Came Back" that was adapted for the documentary.
Their experiences making documentaries and short films "gave them an appetite for independence and autonomy and (made them) strive harder for realism and immediacy in their Hollywood features," Harris added.
"Five Came Back," released on Netflix on Friday, tells the stories of the war time directors and adds commentary by modern filmmakers Steven Spielberg, Francis Ford Coppola, Paul Greengrass, Guillermo Del Toro and Lawrence Kasdan.
Although none of the five signed up for combat, all left successful careers and saw action during their years filming many of World War Two's biggest turning points.
The decision to document the war "came from General George Marshall's belief that Hollywood filmmakers could grab people's hearts in a way that newsreel films couldn't," said Harris.
Before the United States entered the war, "audiences were very used to a sterilized Hollywood war, with bloodless combat," Spielberg reflects in the documentary.
Wyler, Capra, Huston, Ford and Stevens, however, captured the grim realities of battle in the North African campaign, at D-Day and the Battle of the Bulge, as well as the liberation of Paris and Rome and the horrors of Dachau.
Returning to Hollywood, the men's careers took different turns. Wyler's portrait of mentally and physically disabled veterans in "The Best Years of Our Lives" won seven Oscars in 1947.
Capra made the sentimental "It's a Wonderful Life" in 1946 which, while now regarded as a classic favorite, was a huge flop and crushed their spirit.
Stevens, a master of musical comedies in the 1930s, created film from the liberation of the Dachau extermination camp that was used at the Nuremberg war crimes trials. They were so shaken by what they had seen that they abandoned comedies and went on to make serious movies like "The Diary of Anne Frank."
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
By DJ Huppatz and Agustin Chevez
For centuries people have been getting up, joining a daily commute or retreating to a room, to work. The office has become inseparable from work.
Its history illustrates not only how our work has changed but also how work's physical spaces respond to cultural, technological and social forces.
The origins of the modern office lie with large-scale organisations such as governments, trading companies and religious orders that required written records or documentation. Medieval monks, for example, worked in quiet spaces designed specifically for sedentary activities such as copying and studying manuscripts. As depicted in Botticelli's St Augustine in Their Cell, these early "workstations" comprised a desk, chair and storage shelves.
Advertisement
Another of Botticelli's paintings of St Augustine at work is now in Florence's Uffizi Gallery. This building was originally constructed as the central administrative building of the Medici mercantile empire in 1560.
It was an early version of the modern corporate office. It was both a workplace and a visible statement of prestige and power.
But such spaces were rare in medieval times, as most people worked from home. In Home: The Short History of an Idea, Witold Rybczynski argues that the seventeenth century represented a turning point.
Lawyers, civil servants and other new professionals began to work from offices in Amsterdam, London and Paris. This led to a cultural distinction between the office, associated with work, and the home, associated with comfort, privacy and intimacy.
Despite these early offices, working from home continued. In the nineteenth century, banking dynasties such as the Rothschilds and Barings operated from luxurious homes so as to make clients feel at ease. And, even after the office was well established in the 1960s, Hugh Hefner famously ran their Playboy empire from a giant circular bed in a bedroom of their Chicago apartment.
But these were exceptions to the general rule. Over the course of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, increasingly specialised office designs - from the office towers of Chicago and New York to the post-war suburban corporate campuses - reinforced a distinction between work and home.
Managing the office
Various management theories also had a profound impact on the office. As Gideon Haigh put it in The Office: A Hardworking History, the office was "an activity long before it was a place".
Work was shaped by social and cultural expectations even before the modern office existed. Monasteries, for example, introduced timekeeping that imposed strict discipline on monks' daily routines.
Later, modern theorists understood the office as a factory-like environment. Inspired by Frank Gilbreth's time-motion studies of bricklayers and Fredrick Taylor's Principles of Scientific Management, William Henry Leffingwell's 1917 book, Scientific Office Management, depicted work as a series of tasks that could be rationalised, standardised and scientifically calculated into an efficient production regime. Even their concessions to the office environment, such as flowers, were intended to increase productivity.
Technology in the office
Changes in technology also influenced the office. In the nineteenth and early twentieth century, Morse's telegraph, Bell's telephone and Edison's dictating machine, revolutionised both concepts of work and office design. Telecommunications meant offices could be separate from factories and warehouses, separating white and blue collar workers. Ironically, while these new technologies suggested the possibility of a distributed workforce, in practice, American offices in particular became more centralised.
In 1964, when IBM introduced a magnetic-card recording device into a Selectric typewriter, the future of the office, and our expectations of it, changed forever. This early word processor could store information, it was the start of computer-based work and early fears of a jobless society due to automation.
Now digital maturity seems to be signalling the end of the office. With online connectivity, more people could potentially work from home.
But some of the same organisations that promoted and enabled the idea of work "anywhere, anytime" - Yahoo and IBM, for example - have cancelled work from home policies to bring employees back to bricks and mortar offices.
Why return to the office?
Anthropological research on how we interact with each other and how physical proximity increases interactions highlights the importance of being together in a physical space. The office is an important factor in communicating the necessary cues of leadership, not to mention enabling collaboration and communication.
Although employers might be calling their employees back to the physical space of the office again, its boundaries are changing. For example, recent "chip parties", celebrate employees getting a radio-frequency identification implant that enables employers to monitor their employees. In the future, the office may be embedded under our skin.
While this might seem strange to us, it's probably just as strange as the idea of making multiple people sit in cubicles to work would have seemed to a fifteenth-century craftsman. The office of the future may be as familiar as home, or even our neighbour's kitchen table, but only time will tell.
Documentary examines struggle of Holocaust survivors to move on
LONDON, June 14 A documentary opening in British cinemas this week examines the challenges faced by Holocaust survivors in rebuilding their lives after enduring the horrors of World War Two and the Nazi concentration camps.
BARCELONA Real Madrid's confidence is sky-high after their convincing win at Bayern Munich in the Champions League, and they can build on that momentum by taking another step towards the Spanish title when they visit relegation-fighting Sporting Gijon on Saturday.
Zinedine Zidane's side are three points clear of champions Barcelona with one game in hand and their 2-1 win in Munich on Wednesday, which leaves them ideally placed to reach the semi-finals, contrasts with the Catalans' haggard state.
Barça is on the brink of elimination from Europe's elite competition after their resounding 3-0 defeat at Juventus, and reports in the Catalan media on Thursday said tensions were high between the dressing room and Luis Enrique.
The coach was scathing of their side's display at the Juventus Stadium, calling their first half "a shipwreck". They said they found it difficult to believe they could stage another remarkable comeback in the second leg as they did against Paris St Germain in the previous round.
Clawing back Real's advantage in the league is also looking hard to imagine for Barça, after Neymar was hit with a three-game suspension for sarcastically applauding the assistant referee when sent off last Saturday in a surprise 2-0 defeat at Malaga.
The Brazilian forward is banned for Saturday's visit to Real Sociedad and the 'Clasico' showdown at Real Madrid the following week, plus the game against basement club Osasuna, with Paco Alcacer likely to take their place.
Real top the standings on 72 points from 30 games, while Barcelona have 69 from 31. Struggling Sporting have won five games all season and are 18th with 22 points, five adrift of safety.
Real's Gareth Bale will miss the trip to Sporting after being forced off against Bayern with muscle pain, although the out-of-form Wales international's absence proved a blessing in disguise.
Their replacement Marco Asensio had a fine game and provided the cross for Cristiano Ronaldo to score their second goal of the match and clinch the game.
Ronaldo had earlier ended their month-long goal drought for Real by volleying in the equaliser in the 47th minute.
The Portuguese, whose goal tally in the league this season is their lowest since 2010, said they had been following a special fitness programme to ensure they were in top shape in the crucial final stretch of the season, as they aim to fire Real to a first league title since 2012.
"I made radical changes to my training to get to this stage of the season in the best state possible," Ronaldo told reporters after becoming the first player to score 100 goals in UEFA competitions.
"In the last few years I got to the end of the season at the limit and with small injuries, but I have worked hard with our fitness coach to be in the right shape for the final two months. The team is playing well and so is Cristiano."
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
LONDON/FRANKFURT, March 29 The European Commission has decided against imposing duties on hot-rolled steel from Brazil, Iran, Russia, Serbia and Ukraine for now, but could still find they have breached rules on unfair competition, two industry sources said on Wednesday.
The European Commission had no immediate comment.
The EU executive has a deadline of April 7 to announce whether it is imposing provisional duties on the steel after complaints it is being sold into Europe at unfairly low prices that make it hard for EU manufacturers to compete.
The sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the Commission had decided against provisional duties, but that is only one step. (Reporting by Barbara Lewis and Georgina Prodhan; editing by Alexander Smith)
March 29 Capstone Turbine Corp-
* Capstone Turbine Corp - received an order for multiple microturbines for a repeat oil and gas customer operating in san juan basin
* Capstone Turbine- all 16 microturbines will provide prime power to oil production sites, production measurement operations and transportation pipelines
* Order for microturbines are expected to be commissioned early this summer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
* Supply of Australian wheat to make noodles tightens
* Farmers hold back stocks with prices at decade lows
* Wheat mills may seek U.S. cargoes if delays prolonged (Adds pictures advisory to slug, removes graphics advisory)
By Naveen Thukral
SINGAPORE, April 28 Asian flour millers are facing tight supplies of a variety of Australian wheat which is used for making mainly noodles as farmers hold back stocks amid near decade-low prices.
Buyers are having difficulty in getting shipments of Australian Standard White (ASW) wheat for the coming months, which could force millers to seek alternative supplies, traders and millers said.
Asia is the world's biggest and fastest growing wheat market, fuelled by rising consumption of noodles, flat breads and bakery products. China and India each consume roughly 100 million tonnes a year and Indonesia has emerged as the world's second largest wheat importer behind Egypt, buying more than 10 million tonnes in the year to June 2016, up 35 percent on a year earlier.
"Farmers are not willing to sell as they feel prices are really low," said one Singapore-based trader. "There is no shortage of ASW, there was bumper production."
ASW wheat was being sold at a 10-year low level of about $190 a tonne, free on board, in January and February. The market has since recovered to trade around $200 a tonne but prices are still below the $220-$240 a tonne average of recent years, traders said.
The world is awash with wheat, with the U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasting global inventories at a record 252.26 million tonnes at the end of the crop year in June.
Australia produced a record 35.13 million tonnes of wheat in the 2016/17 season - about 18 percent more than the previous record of 29.6 million tonnes set in 2011/12.
"I think it is just a temporary problem of farmers not selling," said a procurement manager at one Southeast Asia-based flour miller. "There is additional demand as well, India has been buying Australian wheat."
India has bought close to 5 million tonnes of wheat since June, the most in a decade, to meet a supply shortfall after two years of lower production.
Even for Australian farmers who want to sell, big volumes of wheat and other grains being sent by truck and rail across the country after a bumper season are creating backlogs.
"There is an issue of getting grains to the ports from farms," said Ole Houe, analyst with brokerage IKON Commodities in Sydney. "There's not much problem at the ports themselves."
Asian mills prefer using ASW for noodles, where texture and mouth-feel can be affected by factors like protein content.
Wheat importers also have the option to blend grains from other origins, traders said.
"They can replace ASW with other origins and also blend varieties of wheat from the Black Sea region," said Singapore trader. "But most millers will wait even if there is some temporary delay. They prefer Australian wheat."
(Reporting by Naveen Thukral; Editing by Richard Pullin)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - AstraZeneca expects to increase drug sales at a low single-digit percentage rate this year as new medicines win market share and the company puts patent losses behind it, although the need to invest in launches will weigh on profit.
Product sales fell 5 percent in 2017, the company said on Friday.
Fourth-quarter profits were boosted by one-off tax gains with core earnings per share (EPS), which exclude some items, up 7 percent to $1.30 cents on revenue of $5.78 billion.
Analysts, on average, had forecast earnings of 84 cents on revenue of $5.46 billion, Thomson Reuters data showed.
For 2018, AstraZeneca expects core EPS of $3.30 to $3.50. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; editing by Jason Neely)
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's parliament said on Wednesday a motion of no- confidence in President Jacob Zuma has been postponed until a court decides whether the vote should be taken by secret ballot.
Opposition parties have said that a no-confidence vote could have a chance of success if it is held by secret ballot, but the ruling African National Congress party, which has a majority in parliament, has said it will vote against it.
(Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
LONDON — Alexis Sanchez is off the mark for Manchester United.
On their Old Trafford debut, the recruit from Arsenal tapped in the rebound after their penalty was saved to seal United's 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Romelu Lukaku also netted for United, which seized the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to a still-vast 13 points after the leader was held by Burnley to 1-1.
City defender Danilo looked like proving an unlikely match-winner but after a glaring miss for a second by Raheem Sterling, Johann Berg Gudmundsson levelled late.
City has dropped points only four times, but three of those games were the most recent away trips.
It will still take a monumental collapse for City manager Pep Guardiola to miss out on their first English title.
The tussle to stay in the Premier League is far tighter.
Southampton escaped the relegation zone after winning at West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to end a 13-match winless run in the league. Swansea is out of the danger zone only on goal difference after drawing with Leicester 1-1.
But Stoke sunk back into the bottom three after Bournemouth followed up recent fine wins against Arsenal and Chelsea by beating the less illustrious opposition 2-1. Bournemouth climbed to ninth ahead of Everton, which was at Arsenal in the late game.
Brighton ended West Ham's six-match unbeaten run by winning 3-1 to move three points clear of the drop zone.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia's national police chief has ordered an investigation into the detention of 12 transgender women in the province of Aceh, officials said on Friday, after reports that they were stripped, beaten and forced to cut their hair before being released without charge.
Indonesia has the world's largest Muslim population but Aceh, on the northern tip of Sumatra, is the only province that enforces Islamic law and outlaws homosexuality.
Religious police and vigilantes in the ultra-conservative province often raid homes and places of work and detain people on suspicion of engaging in homosexual activity.
Police in North Aceh raided hair salons - where transgender people often work - last weekend and briefly detained 12 individuals. Rights activists and media reports said they were forced to cut their hair and were stripped and beaten.
“There were photos circulated that led us to suspect that there had been physical action taken against the suspects,” Misbahul Munauwar, a spokesperson for Aceh police, said. “The national police chief has instructed us to investigate those photos and to determine if there was any...procedural or ethical violation.”
A national police spokesperson confirmed that police chief Tito Karnavian had ordered the investigation.
Human Rights Watch and other rights groups welcomed the move, which comes amid a rising tide of hostility against the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community.
Police in Aceh and elsewhere have stepped up raids on what they call “gay spas” and “gay sex parties” in recent months, detaining people on charges of violating strict anti-pornography laws.
Dozens of protesters on Friday staged an anti-LGBT rally outside a mosque in the provincial capital Banda Aceh.
“We don't hate gay, bisexual or transgender people. What we hate is their actions, and if we can prove their actions, they will be punished,” Aceh governor Irwandi Yusuf told the small crowd.
Last year, the provincial and central governments drew international condemnation after authorities in Aceh tried two young men on charges of engaging in gay sex and then publicly caned them - the first such case in the country.
Indonesia's parliament is also drafting revisions to the national criminal code that could ban all consensual sex outside marriage.
The parliamentary commission drawing up recommendations has still to finalise its proposals, but a draft seen by Reuters includes measures to criminalise extramarital sex, same-sex relations and co-habitation, all of which were previously unregulated. [nL4N1PO3OW]
Football Soccer - Panama v USA - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Rommel Fernandez stadium, Panama city, 28/3/17. Omar Gonzalez of the U.S. and Luis Tejeda of Panama in action. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate
Football Soccer - Panama v USA - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Rommel Fernandez stadium, Panama city, 28/3/17.Alberto Quintero of Panama and Christian Pulisic of the U.S. in action. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate
Football Soccer - Panama v USA - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Rommel Fernandez stadium, Panama city, 28/3/17. Jermaine Jones of the U.S. and Roman Torres of Panama in action. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate
Football Soccer - Panama v USA - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Rommel Fernandez stadium, Panama city, 28/3/17.Luis Tejeda of Panama and Omar Gonzales (C) and Tim Ream of the U.S. in action. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate
Football Soccer - Panama v USA - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Rommel Fernandez stadium, Panama city, 28/3/17. Clint Dempsey of the U.S. celebrates after scoring against Panama. REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate
The United States remain in contention for a spot at next year's World Cup after Bruce Arena's side battled to a scrappy 1-1 away draw against Panama in CONCACAF qualifying on Tuesday.
A loss would have left the U.S. anchored equal bottom in the six-team group known as the Hexagonal, but the draw sends them home relieved and still in contention for one of the three automatic spots to Russia 2018.
Mexico extended their lead to three points atop the group with a 1-0 away win over Trinidad and Tobago, a second-half goal by Diego Reyes in Port of Spain lifting El Tri to 10 points from four games.
Costa Rica are second on seven points after a 1-1 away draw at Honduras, followed by Panama on five points, the U.S. and the Hondurans on four, while Trinidad have three points.
In Panama City, teenager Christian Pulisic set up striker Clint Dempsey for their 56th international goal as the U.S. took the lead in the 39th minute.
But Panama were on equal terms four minutes later when the American defence failed to deal with a long throw-in, the ball bobbling to Gabriel Gomez, who fired home from close range.
After the match, U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard considered the result as one point gained rather than two points lost.
"We didn't tie the game, we won a dogfight," they said in a pitch-side interview. "It's tough away from home in qualifying. We had to get a point."
As for the physical nature of the contest, Howard did not mince their words.
"If you watch the game you would shake your head. It's what we've come to expect away from home with all the elements. We're always swimming upstream away from home.
"They're a physical team. This is probably the most athletic team in CONCACAF so it's hard to match them but I thought we did a good job."
Arena, who took over after the Americans lost the first two games of their qualifying campaign under Jurgen Klinsmann, was happy with the result, if not the officiating.
"The referee didn't blow their whistle too much," they said wryly, while conceding Mexico were now likely to win the group.
Mexico rode their luck against Trinidad, who felt aggrieved after a slick first half effort by Joevin Jones was disallowed for offside, though replays appeared to show they had timed their run to perfection.
The visitors had the best of the second half, with Hector Herrera hitting the post with a curling 20-yard shot, before defender Reyes powered home a header from a corner in the 58th minute.
"We knew it would be difficult... but in the second half we found the spaces and I think we deserved the victory in the end," defender Hector Moreno said.
In San Pedro Sula, Honduras bounced back from a 6-0 drubbing against the U.S. last week by sharing the spoils with Costa Rica.
Anthony Lozano bundled the ball home to give Honduras a first-half lead, before Costa Rica equalised in the second half with a Kendall Watson header.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
April 6 France's PSA Group, the maker of Peugeot, Citroen and DS cars, said on Thursday it had begun offering a car-sharing service in Los Angeles, marking its return to the United States.
PSA also said it had created a new division - PSA North America - that will be led by Larry Dominique, a U.S. auto industry veteran who has worked at General Motors, Chrysler and Nissan Motor.
The automaker is offering the car-sharing service via its Free2Move brand and its partner Travelcar, a French car rental startup that PSA helped break into the U.S. market this year.
The service is currently being offered to travelers from Los Angeles airport, ahead of a wider U.S. rollout, PSA said in a statement. bit.ly/2oIKLji
PSA last month agreed to buy European rival Opel from General Motors. (Reporting by Shashwat Awasthi in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
ISTANBUL, April 20 A decline in Turkey's automotive sales are likely to deepen in the second quarter from a 10 percent fall in the first, due to the foreign exchange impact on prices, the secretay-general of the ODD industry association told Reuters on Thursday.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
March 31 Boc Hong Kong Holdings Ltd
* Fy net operating income before impairment allowances hk$ 41,754 million versus hk$40,181 million a year ago
* Fy net profit hk$55,503 million versus hk$ 26,982 million a year ago
* Board has recommended a final dividend of hk$0.625 per share
* Heading into 2017, the overall operating environment for banks in Hong Kong will remain challenging
* In Hong Kong, the subdued global environment will probably maintain growth at a low level
* "Growth trends are expected to be divergent in asean member countries"
* "Heading into 2017, overall operating environment for banks in Hong Kong will remain challenging" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
By Sindhu Chandrasekaran March 31 Southeast Asian stock markets fell in line with broader Asia on Friday, with Indonesia retreating after hitting a record high for the second time this week. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.6 percent as investors balanced positions on the last day of the quarter. "At this point, the end of the quarter, most of the markets are simply moving sideways as they prepare for the second quarter," said Manny Cruz, an analyst with Manila-based Asiasec Equities Inc. Indonesian stocks closed 0.4 percent lower but posted their fifth quarterly gain in six, adding 5.1 percent. "The next big catalyst for Indonesia would be the fourth-quarter earnings and S&P's potential rating upgrade by May or June," said Taye Shim, head of research at Jakarta-based Mirae Asset Sekuritas. Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's has a "BB plus" rating on Indonesia - one notch below the investment grade. "S&P is still very much in a wait-and-see mode as they have said that they need to be convinced in terms of the fiscal condition in Indonesia and that they are also quite concerned about the low GDP," said Harry Su, an analyst with Bahana Securities in Indonesia, adding that it was not clear whether the rating agency would upgrade rating. Singapore stocks posted a gain of 10.2 percent for the quarter, their biggest since March 2012. Financials accounted for nearly half the gains on Friday, with DBS Group Holdings Ltd closing 0.5 percent higher. Vietnam shares fell 0.2 percent after hitting a more than nine-year high earlier in the session. Malaysian shares fell 0.5 percent, with losses in financial stocks weighing on the index. AMMB Holdings Berhad shed 2.9 percent. The Malaysian stock index posted its first quarterly gain in four. Thai shares were down 0.3 percent, but extended gains into a fifth straight quarter, adding 2.1 percent in the last three months. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Change on day Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3175.11 3173.24 0.06 Bangkok 1575.11 1579.88 -0.30 Manila 7311.72 7332.59 -0.28 Jakarta 5568.106 5592.952 -0.44 Kuala Lumpur 1740.09 1749.25 -0.52 Ho Chi Minh 722.31 723.86 -0.21 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3175.11 2880.76 10.22 Bangkok 1575.11 1542.94 2.08 Manila 7311.72 6840.64 6.9 Jakarta 5568.106 5296.711 5.12 Kuala Lumpur 1740.09 1641.73 5.99 Ho Chi Minh 722.31 664.87 8.6 (Reporting by Sindhu Chandrasekaran; Additional reporting by Urvashi Goenka; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Many old Albanian Orthodox churches and the art they contain lie in ruins due to decades of neglect but experts believe they could attract tourists if they are...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tonight's Euromillions draw is for a huge multiple-rollover jackpot of an estimated £94 million.
The Euromillions draw on Friday, February 2, has now taken place so it's time to find out if you're sitting on that winning ticket.
Always wanted to buy that house of your dreams and a couple of cars to put in the garage? Well maybe now you can.
It's time to check those numbers.
The National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers on Friday, February 2, are 14, 34, 36, 39 and 48 and the Lucky Stars are 2 and 3.
The Millionaire Maker codes are: VDQW29418 and JDQQ05088.
And Friday is also a Thunderball day so here are the winning numbers in today's draw: 11, 20, 24, 25 and 32. The Thunderball is 5.
* Markets still react to Trump remarks on dollar, rates
* Wall Street equity indexes little changed
* Oil futures mixed, treasury yields pull off lows (Updates to U.S. open, adds commentary, changes byline, previous dateline LONDON)
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 13 The U.S. dollar rebounded on Thursday after sliding a day earlier following remarks by President Donald Trump on the currency and interest rates, while a consumer sentiment survey helped lift U.S. Treasury yields off five-month lows.
The benchmark S&P 500 stock index was modestly higher than strength in U.S. technology and financial stocks offset declines in sectors like energy and consumer staples.
The U.S. dollar had tumbled Wednesday after Trump told the Wall Street Journal the greenback "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the U.S. economy. Treasury yields fell after Trump said they would like to see interest rates stay low.
"Clearly, I think (the dollar) was oversold yesterday," said Peter Ng, senior currency trader at Silicon Valley Bank in Santa Clara, California. "The market was very sensitive to headlines given how nervous it has become due to geopolitical risk."
Trading was thinner than usual during an abbreviated week, with the impending holiday for Good Friday in the United States and Europe, Ng said.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, was up 0.4 percent, after a 0.6 percent decline on Wednesday marked its biggest one-day fall in three weeks.
The dollar was up 0.2 percent at $109.22 against the Japanese yen, having hit a five-month low of 108.73 yen in early Asian trading.
YIELDS OFF LOWS
U.S. Treasury yields hit session highs, pulling away from five-month lows earlier in the day, after a University of Michigan survey showed U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly improved in early April.
Before the data, Trump's favorable view of low interest rates had intensified this week's bond market rally that was underpinned by geopolitical worries.
The yield on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes was 2.264 percent, down 3 basis points from late on Wednesday. It touched 2.218 percent earlier in the day, the lowest since Nov. 17.
The MSCI all-world stock index was little changed with a 0.01 percent increase.
U.S. stocks were little changed as investors assessed the first rush of bank earnings and Trump's remarks on the dollar's strength and interest rates.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 9.12 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,600.98, the S&P 500 gained 2.26 points, or 0.10 percent, to 2,347.19 and the Nasdaq Composite added 17.86 points, or 0.31 percent, to 5,854.02.
The S&P 500 bank subsector was boosted by stronger than expected earnings at JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup . However, Wells Fargo & Co was a drag with a 1.5 percent decline after it reported a big drop in mortgage banking revenue.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of large companies was down 0.4 percent, putting it on track for a loss for the holiday-shortened week.
In commodities, oil prices were mixed after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said the market was nearing balance, but U.S. data showed higher production. U.S. crude was down 0.2 percent to $53.04 a barrel, while global benchmark Brent was up 0.3 percent at $56.02.
Gold fell 0.09 percent to $1,284.90 an ounce after hitting a five-month high earlier in the session.
(Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin in New York, Jamie McGeever, Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
April 6 Sakae Holdings Ltd
* High court refused company's leave application and also ordered company to pay costs of $8000 to ERC Unicampus
* Amount that has been restrained by court remains as $9.71 million.
* Updates on matters concerning co's associate companies - Griffin Real Estate Investment Holdings and Gryphon Capital Management Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain's Prince Philip, in their role as Captain General, Royal Marines, attends a Parade to mark the finale of the 1664 Global Challenge, on the Buckingham Palace Forecourt, in central London, Britain August 2, 2017. The 96-year-old husband of...more
Britain's Prince Philip, in their role as Captain General, Royal Marines, attends a Parade to mark the finale of the 1664 Global Challenge, on the Buckingham Palace Forecourt, in central London, Britain August 2, 2017. The 96-year-old husband of Britain's Queen Elizabeth, made their final solo appearance at the official engagement on Wednesday, before retiring from active public life. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Close
MILAN Gonzalo Higuain scored two first-half goals to give Juventus a 2-0 win at bottom club Pescara which took them eight points clear at the top of Serie A on Saturday and closer to a sixth successive title.
Juventus were given a helping hand by Atalanta who held second-placed AS Roma to a 1-1 draw at the Stadio Olimpico, adding to an unhappy spell for the hosts who have recently been knocked out of the Europa League and Italian Cup.
Third-placed Napoli edged to within two points of Roma with a 3-0 win at home to Udinese.
Cristian Zapata scored with the last kick of the game as AC Milan hit back from two goals behind to draw 2-2 with Inter in the derby, although only Europa League places were at stake for the two struggling giants.
Palermo drew 0-0 at home to Bologna, ending a run of five successive defeats, as Diego Bortoluzzi began their reign as their fifth coach of the season. The visitors played for more than an hour with 10 men after Erick Pulgar was sent off.
Juventus have 80 points with Roma on 72 and Napoli 70.Milan stayed sixth, the last of the Europa League spots, and two points clear of seventh-placed Inter.
Higuain turned in Juan Cuadrado's cross to give Juventus a 23rd-minute lead at Pescara and they slid in the second just before halftime after Mario Mandzukic knocked the ball into their path.
Atalanta took a first-half lead at Roma with Jasmin Kurtic's volley before Mohamed Salah laid the ball off for Edin Dzeko to level soon after the interval with their 25th goal of the season.
Daniele De Rossi, with a bicycle kick, and Radja Nainggolan both hit the woodwork as Roma pressed desperately for a winner.
"It's not the time to throw the toys out of the pram, nor is it a great situation because we've gone out of two cups," said Roma coach Luciano Spalletti. "If you have the quality, ultimately someone has to take responsibility."
"Every now and again, we go into our shells and become overwhelmed by doubt, which is what happened in the first half."
Napoli, the league's top scorers with 75 goals, broke through against Udinese three minutes into the second half when Dries Mertens ran onto Jorginho's through ball and comfortably beat Orestis Karnezis.
Midfielder Allan bullied Ali Adnan off the ball before rifling in the second in the 63rd minute, just after Duvan Zapata hit the post for Udinese, and Jose Callejon added the third.
In the first Milan derby with both teams under Chinese ownership, Inter raced to a 2-0 halftime lead thanks to goals from Antonio Candreva and Mauro Icardi.
Alessio Romagnoli reduced the arrears after 83 minutes as Milan complained about Inter time-wasting and Zapata levelled seven minutes into stoppage time.
Torino forward Andrea Belotti won and converted a controversial penalty against Crotone to take their season's tally to 25 and stay level with Dzeko as Serie A's joint top-scorer, but Simy earned the relegation-threatened visitors a 1-1 draw.
Empoli boosted their survival hopes by beating Fiorentina 2-1 away with another controversial penalty awarded for an alleged trip by Borja Valero on Manuel Pucciarelli.
Manuel Pasqual ignored the Fiorentina protests to convert and put Empoli, who are 17th, five points clear of the relegation zone which features Crotone, Palermo and Pescara.
Fourth-placed Lazio twice came from behind to draw 2-2 at Genoa where Ivan Juric was back on the bench, less than three months after previously being fired.
(Writing by Brian Homewood, editing by Ed Osmond and Toby Davis)
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
April 3 Singapore Edevelopment Ltd
* Board is of view that group will be able to continue as a going concern by raising additional funds
* Has obtained confirmation from HBD that, inter alia, HBD will provide financial and other support for next 12 months to group
* Ability of group to continue as a going concern is dependent on continued financial support from Hengfai Business Development Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRAGUE, April 5 Czech new car registrations rose 14.2 percent year-on-year in the first quarter to 68,059 vehicles, the country's Car Importers' Association said on Wednesday.
Domestic maker Skoda Auto, a unit of Germany's Volkswagen , led the sales with a 29.7 percent market share, followed by the parent VW brand with 11.9 percent and Hyundai with 7.3 percent.
Last year, the Czech economy expanded by 2.3 percent and a similar pace is expected this year. (Reporting by Petra Vodstrcilova; Writing by Robert Muller; Editing by Mark Potter)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
(Adds details on Liquid Alliance prototype, clients)
By Solarina Ho
TORONTO, April 6 The Toronto Stock Exchange operator, TMX Group Ltd, said on Thursday it has developed a blockchain-based prototype for electronic shareholder voting, the latest effort by an exchange operator to leverage the technology to try to solve an industry problem.
The secure electronic voting prototype, which was developed in consultation with Accenture Plc, would make voting during annual shareholder meetings significantly more efficient and accurate, and help boost shareholder involvement in corporate governance without the need to vote in person, said TMX.
Thousands of clients could potentially benefit from the technology, according to TMX, including more than 3,000 issuers listed on its exchanges, more than 200 sell-side broker/dealers and several intermediaries, or transfer agents, involved in the process.
"This (industry problem) is something that's been plaguing us for quite some time," John Lee, vice president of TMX's Innovation and Enterprise Delivery, said in an interview.
"The technology to try and address this problem wasn't really something we could use until you looked at something like blockchain."
Distributed ledger technology (DLT), more commonly known as blockchain and popularly associated with the virtual currency bitcoin, is a decentralized, distributed record of data or transactions. The database characteristics and immutable nature of the technology make information transparent and easy to track, and large-scale hacking extremely difficult.
Banks and other large financial institutions have been ramping up efforts to develop practical applications using blockchain. Proponents say it will help make some of their most burdensome back-office processes, such as the clearing and settlement of securities, simpler, cheaper and more transparent.
Nasdaq Inc, one of the world's largest providers of technology for exchanges and clearing houses, uses blockchain to power its U.S. market for shares of private companies and has been testing it to run proxy voting for companies listed on its exchange in Estonia.
Lee said the technical components of another prototype in partnership with certain members of the Liquidity Alliance are also nearing completion. Participating alliance members include Deutsche Borse, Clearstream, Strate and VPS. That blockchain project addresses how a collateral business can operate in a multi-jurisdictional environment.
TMX's new proxy voting system prototype still needs regulatory approval before it can be tested live, the company said.
"There's always constant dialogue taking place. As you can imagine, the TMX group is a heavily governed organization," Lee said, noting that talks would involve a number of federal and provincial regulators. (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
April 20 Trematon Capital Investments Ltd :
* Interim results for 6 months ended Feb. 28 2017
* HY net profit after tax amounted to 104.5 mln rand(2016: 27.8 mln rand) mainly as a result of sale of shares in mykonos casino.
* HY headline earnings per share increased to 1.8 cents (2016: loss of 2.3 cents)
* Intrinsic net asset value per share at period end declined to 361 cents from 368 cents at year-end.
* Cash reserves increased to 203.7 mln rand compared to 32.6 mln rand at year-end Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
MILAN May 2 Managers at Italian motorway group Atlantia and Spanish peer Abertis will meet this week in Italy to discuss plans for a tie up, two sources close to the matter said on Tuesday.
One of the sources said the meeting could be as early as Wednesday, with a view to announcing a deal before the end of May.
Atlantia and Abertis declined to comment.
Atlantia, controlled by the Benetton family, confirmed last week it was considering a deal with Abertis providing it was friendly and created shareholder value.
A merger would create one of the biggest infrastructure groups in Europe, with a market value of more than 35 billion euros ($38 billion).
Sources have told Reuters Atlantia has tapped banks to finance a cash-and-share bid for its rival.
The Atlantia offer could value Abertis at around 16 billion euros, according to some analyst estimates, with the Italian company paying about 11 billion euros in cash for a majority stake.
Atlantia, which is looking to expand its foreign business, agreed last week to sell 10 percent of its domestic motorway unit for 1.48 billion euros. ($1 = 0.9169 euros) (Reporting by Paola Arosio and Stefano Bernabei, writing by Stephen Jewkes)
April 10 Repros Therapeutics Inc :
* Company holds meeting with FDA to discuss oral Proellex® in the treatment of uterine fibroids
* Before meeting, was notified meeting would be Type C/guidance meeting, rather than Type B/end of Phase 2 meeting as previously expected
* Company intends to announce further information following receipt of additional guidance from FDA on oral Proellex
* Company expects to submit additional information and a proposed clinical protocol within a month on oral Proellex
* FDA confirmed Proellex to continue on current partial clinical hold
* Proellex to continue on partial clinical hold while FDA consult's with its liver experts regarding previously disclosed effects on liver
* FDA agreed to accept additional information from co, its panel of liver experts for consideration by FDA's internal advisory liver team Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON British lender Wonga has warned customers in Britain and Poland that their personal data may have been stolen in the latest major corporate security breach.
Cyberattacks have recently affected other British banks, businesses and institutions, including Tesco Bank, Lloyds, Talk-Talk, and the National Health Service
"Wonga is urgently investigating illegal and unauthorised access to the personal data of some of its customers in the UK and Poland," the firm, which offers short-term unsecured consumer loans, said in a statement on Sunday.
A source close to Wonga said the data could include the addresses and bank account numbers of up to 270,000 past and present customers, including 245,000 in Britain.
"We are working closely with authorities and we are in the process of informing affected customers. We sincerely apologise for the inconvenience caused," Wonga said.
The source said a hack was detected on Tuesday, but that the firm was not aware personal data had been compromised until Friday and it began notifying customers on Saturday.
The so-called "payday lending" industry has been heavily criticised by those who say its interest rates and marketing tactics prey on vulnerable borrowers.
Wonga agreed to pay compensation of more than 2.6 million pounds to 45,000 customers in 2014.
(Reporting by William James; editing by Alexander Smith)
PARIS, April 6 Below are company-related news and stories from French and Benelux media which could have an impact on the region's markets or individual stocks.
ACCORHOTELS
The French hotel chain said it had acquired digital booking specialist Availpro. Financial details of the deal were not disclosed.
BNP PARIBAS:
BNP Paribas SA said Wednesday it has sold its $120 million share of the loan for the Dakota Access Pipeline, becoming the second bank to divest from the project that faced opposition from Native Americans and environmentalists.
EDF:
French Energy Minister Segolene Royal warned EDF board members on Wednesday against maneuvers that would prevent the closure of the Fessenheim nuclear plant, France's oldest.
FRENCH POLITICS:
Centrist Emmanuel Macron's lead in France's presidential election has narrowed though they are still on course to win, two polls casting light on voter intentions following a televised debate between candidates showed.
VIVENDI:
French media group Vivendi has told the European Commission it could "de facto" control Telecom Italia after a shareholder meeting next month appoints a new board of directors, three sources close to the matter said.
Pan-European market data: European Equities speed guide................... FTSE Eurotop 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurotop 300 sectors..................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt items......... CAC-40................. Paris items............ World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a glance: Top News............. Equities.............. Main oil report........... Main currency report.....
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Prithviraj, the young talent of Mollywood is all set to make their directorial debut, with the upcoming Mohanlal starrer Lucifer. In a recent interview given to a popular YouTube channel, Prithviraj opened up about Lucifer.
The actor revealed that they are not much tensed about their directorial debut, to the much surprise of their fans and audiences. According to Prithviraj, Lucifer would be pretty much an actor's film, which will give importance to the performances.
Interestingly, Prithviraj is not sure how prepared they are, for their directorial debut. The actor feels that they will get to know such things, once they start working for the project. However, Prithviraj clarified that Lucifer is not all about technical excellence.
The actor ensured that it will be an intense film, like all most of the films of the scriptwriter Murali Gopy. Prithviraj also revealed that they would like to have some great performances in the film, and confirmed that they have no plans to act in it.
Lucifer, which marks the first collaboration of Mohanlal with writer Murali Gopy, is expected to go on floors by the beginning of 2018. The movie, which is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas, has been slated to release for Onam 2018.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, March 29 Britain's easyJet said it wanted a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement between the UK and the European Union as a minimum in a Brexit deal.
The low-cost airline also said it was close to announcing its licence application for a EU Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) that will ensure it can maintain its flying rights within the EU once Britain leaves.
Britain formally triggered the process of leaving the EU on Wednesday, and many airlines fear disruption if a aviation deal is not sorted quickly.
"When the UK leaves the EU, easyJet's minimum requirement will be a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement between the UK and the EU which will allow UK airlines to fly to Europe and European airlines to fly to the UK," easyJet said in a statement.
Irish airline Ryanair said flights between Britain and the EU risked being suspended in 2019 if Britain does not prioritise a new aviation deal in Brexit negotiations.
EasyJet said it would have three AOCs - UK, Swiss and EU - in the future, which will protect all its current network of flights.
However headquarters would remain in Luton, just north of London, the statement said, and it would remain listed on the London Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout, Editing by Paul Sandle)
Aug 11, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland reacts after defeating Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Roger Federer reached the Rogers Cup semi-finals on Friday after coming to the net early and often in a straight sets victory over Roberto Bautista Agut on a windy day in Montreal.
World number three Federer, who faces Dutchman Robin Haase in the last four, was never seriously pushed by Spain's Bautista Agut, who is winless in seven matches against the Swiss maestro.
"I think it pays off playing aggressive here in Montreal," Federer said in a courtside interview after their 6-4 6-4 win over the 12th seed.
"Plus I feel comfortable at the net so why not spend some time up there instead of slugging it out from the baseline?"
Federer opened the second set with a break and cruised through the rest of the match, which lasted just over an hour.
Aug 11, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland hits a smash against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
With world number two Rafael Nadal eliminated on Thursday by 18-year-old Canadian Denis Shapovalov and world number one Andy Murray sidelined by a rib injury, Federer has an opportunity to regain their world number one ranking.
Slideshow (3 Images)
They would need to win the Rogers Cup and have an equal or better finish than Nadal at the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati next week to become the world number one on Aug. 21.
"Now that Rafa is out I know I can make big strides, especially if I was to go further than the semis here. But it's all connected to great play," said the Australian Open and Wimbledon champion.
In the other quarter-finals, Shapovalov came from a set down to beat Adrian Mannarino of France 2-6 6-3 6-4, and Germany's Alexander Zverev dismissed South Africa's Kevin Anderson in straight sets, 7-5 6-4.
Earlier, Haase recovered to defeat Argentine Diego Schwartzman 4-6 6-3 6-3 in their quarter-final.
Everton winger Aaron Lennon is receiving treatment for a "stress-related illness", the Premier League club said after local media reported the player was detained by police over concerns for their welfare.
The 30-year-old England international, who joined Everton from Tottenham Hotspur in 2015, has not featured for the Merseyside club since the goalless draw at Middlesbrough in February.
Earlier last month, Everton manager Ronald Koeman said Lennon was "not in a physical way to be part of the team".
"Aaron Lennon is receiving care and treatment for a stress-related illness," the club said in a statement.
"The club is supporting them through this and their family has appealed for privacy at this time."
Responding to a call in nearby Salford, the Greater Manchester Police said a man taken to hospital for "assessment" on Sunday.
"Police were called at around 4:35 p.m. to reports of a concern for the welfare of a man on Eccles Old Road," a police statement said.
"Officers attended and a 30-year-old man was detained under Section 136 of the Mental Health Act and was taken to hospital for assessment."
Base Soccer Agency, which represents Lennon, tweeted: "Everyone at Base Soccer sends their support to @AaronLennon12 -- get well soon and stay strong."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Chelsea star Diego Costa is set to commit their long-term future to the West London club, according to the latest report from the Sun.
The Brazil-born player was a subject of a huge January offer from a Chinese club Tianjin Quanjin which led to differences between them and manager Antonio Conte.
The 28-year-old ended up staying at the West London club, but multiple sources subsequently claimed that they could still depart to China in the summer.
However, now it appears that the Blues have managed to convince their star player to commit their future to the club by offering a lucrative new deal.
The league leaders have reportedly offered a new five-year deal, worth £57million, to the Spain international. As part of the new deal, Costa will stand to earn £220,000 a week wage plus bonuses. The report also claims that Costa and their representatives have accepted the deal in principle.
Costa has been an integral player in Antonio Conte's team this season and has scored 15 goals and provided five assists in 23 league starts.
Get upto £200 in free matched bets with bet365 - Click here to find out more
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Five people were wounded, including a student shot in the head, when a gun went off in a Los Angeles middle school classroom on Thursday, and a 12-year-old girl was taken into custody, police said.
The girl, whose name was not released, was booked at a juvenile detention facility on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm, said Officer Tony Im of the Los Angeles Police Department.
Im declined to say if investigators believed the girl deliberately opened fire at Sal Castro Middle School near the city's downtown district. Mayor Eric Garcetti told local KABC-TV at the scene that it was unclear if the shooting was accidental.
“We're unclear whether a gun went off or if it was an intentional shooting,” Garcetti said. “Luckily there are no fatalities or serious injuries.”
Two students were hit directly by gunfire and three other victims were hit by shrapnel, police said.
A 15-year-old boy was hit by gunfire in the left temple and was rushed to hospital, where they were alert and talking when they arrived, said Dr. Carl Chudnofsky, head of emergency medicine at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center.
They had no damage to “vital structures,” doctors said at a news conference, adding they were cautiously optimistic they would survive.
A 15-year-old girl was hit in the wrist and was in stable condition, Los Angeles Police Department spokesperson Wendy Reyes said.
The three people with slight injuries from shrapnel ranged in age from 11 to 30 years old, Los Angeles Fire Department spokesperson Erik Scott said.
Authorities said they were trying to determine how the gun was brought on campus. The incident triggered a lockdown of the campus and a neighboring high school. Parents swarmed the area seeking to be re-united with their children.
“As a parent, this is everyone's worst-case nightmare,” Los Angeles Police Department deputy chief Robert Arcos said at a news conference.
The shooting, which took place in an elective class with children of different ages, was the latest outbreak of gun violence at a U.S. school.
Between 2000 and 2013, nearly 17 percent of so-called 160 active shooter incidents in the United States were in elementary, middle or high schools, according to a Federal Bureau of Investigation report. An active shooter is defined as a person trying shoot to death people in a confined area.
Department spokesperson Tony Im said in a telephone call.
A newly erected security fence is shown across the street from the Eau Palm Beach Resort and Spa where President of China Xi Jinping will stay is shown in Manalapan, Florida U.S., April 5, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Xi Jinping on April 6 and 7 at their nearby Mar-a-Lago estate. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
The Eau Palm Beach Resort and Spa where President of China Xi Jinping will stay is shown in Manalapan, Florida U.S., April 5, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Xi Jinping on April 6 and 7 at their nearby Mar-a-Lago estate. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
A sign for the Eau Palm Beach Resort and Spa where President of China Xi Jinping will stay is shown in Manalapan, Florida U.S., April 5, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Xi Jinping on April 6 and 7 at their nearby Mar-a-Lago estate. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
A Voice of America crew reports in front of the Eau Palm Beach Resort and Spa where President of China Xi Jinping will stay in Manalapan, Florida U.S., April 5, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Xi Jinping on April 6 and 7 at their nearby Mar-a-Lago estate. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
Beachgoers walk along Ocean Ave. near the Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 5, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with President of China Xi Jinping on April 6 and 7 at the estate. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
The Mar-a-Lago estate owned by U.S. President Donald Trump is seen in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump has told visitors that their Mar-a-Lago retreat is set up perfectly for foreign visits, but the Chinese side was initially hesitant when word came that Trump would like to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping there, according to administration officials.
Even after seeing images of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's back-slapping sessions with Trump at Mar-a-Lago in February, Chinese officials thought the oceanfront, Spanish-style club in Palm Beach, Florida, lacked the symbolic significance of the White House itself.
“They thought, no, it has to be the White House, the symbolism of that,” a senior administration official told Reuters. “They were ultimately convinced that this was worth doing. It's unusual because most foreigners realise that being invited to the president's personal place is a big deal.”
Trump and Xi are to hold their first summit encounter beginning on Thursday at Mar-a-Lago, a property that original owner Marjorie Merriweather Post's estate willed to the U.S. government for use as a diplomatic and presidential retreat after their death in 1973.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told reporters in Beijing that the Chinese side was fine with having the meeting there.
“President Trump, after taking office, announced that Mar-a-Lago would be the winter White House. The U.S. proposal to hold the U.S.-China heads of state meeting there, I think, represents the importance that the U.S. side places on this meeting. China respects the U.S. side's arrangements," they said.
No matter where the heads of state meet, "the most important thing is to develop China-U.S. relations and make contributions to both countries and the world," they said.
Topping the agenda at Mar-a-Lago will be U.S.-China trade ties and U.S. requests for China to help rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea.
LESS FORMAL
Trump bought the estate in 1985 and turned it into an exclusive club, which now boasts a membership fee of $200,000 and is a haven for the tiny Palm Beach set who pull up to the gate in Bentleys and Rolls-Royces.
"It's a place where they feel comfortable and at home, and where they can break the ice with Xi Jinping without the formality, really, of a Washington meet-up," said another senior White House official.
Xi and their wife, Peng Liyuan, will join Trump and their wife, Melania, for dinner on Thursday night then Trump and Xi will have a series of meetings there on Friday. The entire visit will last less than 24 hours.
“What matters is that the two of them get together for a successful summit, even if it's on the moon," said former U.S. ambassador to China, Max Baucus.
"However, I do think that Mar-a-Lago will probably help enhance conversation between the two of them. President Trump can show President Xi around, show them the digs. Trump is very proud of that, and President Xi will be interested in seeing all of that.”
The two leaders are not expected to make public appearances but there are likely to be occasions for a pool of the news media to see them. No joint news conference was expected.
Past U.S. presidents have often turned to settings away from the trappings of Washington to conduct delicate diplomacy. George H.W. Bush had their seaside estate in Kennebunkport, Maine, and George W. Bush frequently played host to foreign leaders at their ranch in Crawford, Texas.
Trump's immediate predecessor, Barack Obama, used the Sunnylands retreat in Rancho Mirage, California, as a site for an informal summit with Xi in 2013.
While Trump treated Abe to golf, no such outing is planned for the leader of China.
Mar-a-Lago has already been the scene of some controversy for Trump.
When a North Korean missile test disrupted Abe's visit there, Trump and the Japanese leader were seen at a dinner table on the terrace discussing how to respond, as club members looked on from nearby tables.
(Additional reporting by Michael Martina in Beijing; Editing by Caren Bohan and Alistair Bell)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an off-season trade for Gerrit Cole.
"I wasn't trying to get caught in proving anything because I was on a new team, but it does feel good to contribute right away," Musgrove said.
Musgrove outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
"Honestly, I thought I threw pretty good," Hendricks said. "It was more of a battle mentally today for some reason."
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for their 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of their three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI. Signed to a $126-million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, Darvish last pitched May 20. ... RHP Carl Edwards Jr. (right shoulder inflammation) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night's win over the Pirates. Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning.
Pirates: C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. ... RHP Ivan Nova (sprained right ring finger) will miss their second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL. ... LHP Enny Romero (left shoulder impingement) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton, Florida.
UP NEXT
Cubs: LHP Jose Quintana (5-4, 4.78 ERA) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48) in the opener of a four-game series at New York. Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts, compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts.
Pirates: RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis. Since winning their first three starts this season, Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By John Perrotto, The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Updates with Engie comment)
PARIS May 2 French gas and power utility group Engie plans to cut at least 1,900 jobs in France over the 2016-19 period and aims to outsource its retail services to third parties in lower-cost countries, the CGT union said in a statement on Tuesday.
The union said the company had announced the job cutting plan at its headquarters and that the cuts would impact Engie's French energy business, which it said employs 25,000 staff.
A spokesperson for Engie said the figures cited by the CGT did not reflect reality.
"A voluntary leaving plan is being discussed with the unions," Engie said.
The union said Engie plans to move some of its call centres to Morocco, Mauritius and Portugal. (Reporting by Geert De Clercq and Benjamin Mallet; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
April 28 O'Key Group says:
* Q1 net retail revenue increased by 0.5 percent year-on-year to 42.8 billion roubles ($754.7 million);
* Net retail revenue growth accelerated to 4.9 percent in March;
* Q1 like-for-like sales decreased by 4.9 percent year-on-year;
* Expects its hypermarket and supermarket segment to deliver low single digit revenue growth in 2017;
* Net retail revenue of discounter segment will at least double in 2017;
* Plans to open at least 20 discounter stores in 2017 and two stores in the segment of hypermarkets and supermarkets. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 56.7120 roubles) (Reporting By Moscow Newsroom)
March 28 The decision by the U.S. Congress to repeal rules that limit how internet service providers can use customer data has generated renewed interest in an old internet technology: virtual private networks, or VPNs.
VPNs cloak a customer's web-surfing history by making an encrypted connection to a private server, which then searches the Web on the customer's behalf without revealing the destination addresses. VPNs are often used to connect to a secure business network, or in countries such as China and Turkey to bypass government restrictions on Web surfing.
Privacy-conscious techies are now talking of using VPNs as a matter of course to guard against broadband providers collecting data about which internet sites and services they are using.
"Time to start using a VPN at home," Vijaya Gadde‏, general counsel of Twitter Inc, said in a tweet on Tuesday that was retweeted by Twitter Chief Executive Jack Dorsey.
Gadde was not immediately available for comment. Twitter said they were commenting in their personal capacity and not on behalf of the company.
The U.S. House of Representatives voted 215-205 on Tuesday to repeal rules adopted last year by the Federal Communications Commission under then-President Barack Obama to require broadband providers to obtain consumer consent before using their data for advertising or marketing.
The U.S. Senate voted 50-48 last week to reverse the rules. The White House said President Donald Trump supported the repeal measure.
Supporters of the repeal said the FCC unfairly required internet service providers like AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc to do more to protect customers' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc's Google or Facebook Inc.
Critics said the repeal would weaken consumers' privacy protections.
VPN ADVANTAGES, DRAWBACKS
Protected data includes a customer's web-browsing history, which in turn can be used to discover other types of information, including health and financial data.
Some smaller broadband providers are now seizing on privacy as a competitive advantage. Sonic, a California-based broadband provider, offers a free VPN service to its customers so they can connect to its network when they are not home. That ensures that when Sonic users log on to wi-fi at a coffee shop or hotel, for example, their data is not collected by that establishment's broadband provider.
"We see VPN as being important for our customers when they're not on our network. They can take it with them on the road," CEO Dane Jasper said.
In many areas of the country, there is no option to choose an independent broadband provider and consumers will have to pay for a VPN service to shield their browsing habits.
Private Internet Access, a VPN provider, took a visible stand against the repeal measure when it bought a full-page ad in the New York Times on Sunday. But the company, which boasts about a million subscribers, potentially stands to benefit from the legislation, acknowledged marketing director Caleb Chen.
VPNs have drawbacks. They funnel all user traffic through one point, so they are an attractive target for hackers and spies. The biggest obstacle to their routine use as a privacy safeguard is that they can be too much of a hassle to set up for many customers. They also cost money.
"The further along toward being a computer scientist you have to be to use a VPN, the smaller a portion of the population we're talking about that can use it," said Ernesto Falcon, a legislative counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which opposed the bill. (Reporting by Stephen Nellis and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Peter Cooney)
Britain Football Soccer - Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 30/4/17 Tottenham's Harry Kane is brought down by Arsenal's Gabriel Paulista for a penalty Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 30/4/17 Tottenham's Dele Alli in action with Arsenal's Granit Xhaka and Mesut Ozil Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 30/4/17 Tottenham's Harry Kane celebrates scoring their second goal with Dele Alli Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
LONDON,TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 2 ARSENAL 0
Tottenham Hotspur beat local rivals Arsenal with second-half goals from prolific pair Dele Alli and Harry Kane on Sunday to maintain their Premier league title challenge.
A deserved victory kept them four points behind leaders Chelsea, who won 3-0 at Everton earlier.
Alli put Spurs ahead in the 56th minute when they followed up after Christian Eriksen's shot was saved. Two minutes later Kane went down in the penalty area under Gabriel's challenge and got up to convert the penalty.
Tottenham's victory in Arsene Wenger's 50th North London derby as Arsenal manager ensured Spurs will finish above their neighbours for the first time in 22 years.
It was their ninth successive league win and the margin would have been greater but for some fine saves by Petr Cech.
(Reporting by Steve Tongue; Editing by Ken Ferris)
BRASILIA, March 30 The Brazilian government will track incoming inflation figures to potentially revise its inflation target for 2018 and decide on a goal for 2019, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Thursday.
Traders have bet increasingly on a lower target as inflation eased in recent months, weighed down by Brazil's worst recession on record. Meirelles told reporters the government still expects the economy to grow in the first quarter, despite an unexpectedly steep contraction late last year. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 28 Moscow Exchange:
* Said on Monday that it has recommended paying out a dividend on 2016 results of 7.68 roubles per share, totalling to 17.48 billion roubles ($307.92 million)
* The record date is May 16
Source text - bit.ly/2o4RPqE
Further company coverage: ($1 = 56.7680 roubles) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 10 Hindustan Composites Ltd
* Says considered sub-division of existing 1 equity share into 2 equity shares
* Says considered increase in authorized share capital of company from 60 million rupees to 80 million rupees
* Says considered issue of bonus shares in proportion of 1:2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 Nicola Mining Inc :
* Nicola Mining enters into long-term Mining and Milling Profit Share Agreement and receives final payment for 289.381 dry metric tonnes concentrate
* Entered into a long-term Mining and Milling Profit Share Agreement with Gavin Mines Inc
* Four-year LT Agreement will focus on material mined from Gavin Mine's dome mountain and replaces and supersedes original 2016 agreement
* Under agreement Gavin Mines agreed to ship up to 40,000 tonnes of mill feed per year to co's mill facility near Merritt, British Columbia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
JAKARTA, March 28 Car sales in Indonesia rose 7.5 percent in February from a year earlier, data released by the automotive industry association showed on Tuesday. Automakers sold 94,791 vehicles in February, the data showed. On a monthly basis, car sales up 9.9 percent from January. Following is a table of auto sales in 2016-2017, based on data from Gaikindo: Month Volume m/m y/y (in pct) (in pct) 2017 February 94,791 +9.9 +7.5 January 86,253 -0.4 +1.5 2016* December 86,887 -13.6 +18.2 November 100,862 +8.8 +15.3 October 92,139 -0.5 +4.2 September 92,541 -3.9 -0.5 August 96,282 +55.6 +6.3 July 61,891 -32.4 +11.3 June 91,488 +3.3 +11.3 May 88,567 +4.5 +11.6 April 84,770 -9.9 +3.9 March 94,092 +6.7 -5.3 February 88,208 +3.8 -0.6 January 85,002 +16.0 -9.8 * The Latest data revision as per Gaikindo official website (Reporting by Nilufar Rizki; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Apr 13 (Reuters) Glp J-reit FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in billions of yen unless specified) 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months ended Feb 28, 2017 ended Aug 31, 2016 to Aug 31, 2017 to Feb 28, 2018 LATEST PRIOR COMPANY COMPANY RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST FORECAST Revenues 14.07 12.28 14.16 14.04 (+14.6 pct ) (-0.4 pct ) (+0.7 pct ) (-0.9 pct ) Net 6.30 5.25 6.17 6.18 (+19.9 pct ) (-2.0 pct ) (-2.0 pct ) (0.0 pct ) Div 2,207 yen 2,024 yen 2,163 yen 2,164 yen To see Company Overview page, click reuters://REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=3281.T
The association has about 60 teams that play at the park any given season, and it also hosts a number of provincial and national tournaments.
"The adults play at night, and they pay for the kids. We don't charge the kids a dime to play … With no night games, it hurts our revenue," Uildersma said, adding, "This really puts us in the hole."
This isn't the first time the park has been targeted.
On New Year's Eve 2014, someone burned down the park pavilion, and the association's tractor, used for maintenance work, was lost to the fire, too.
Then, the replacement tractor was stolen. A replacement for the replacement tractor is slated to arrive soon.
"There's a lot of vandalism here that no one knows about," Uildersma said. "There's no insurance; insurance won't cover this."
While the damage has been disheartening, the response from the community has been a very positive thing, Uildersma said.
"I can't say enough about the community support we've been getting," they said, praising several local businesses that have offered support, as well as Coun. Craig Grice, who has tried to help get the word out about the association's needs.
Anyone with information about the theft is asked to call the OPP at 1-888-310-1122, or to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS) or leave a message online at www.helpsolvecrime.com.
The Sachem
The Sachem
(Adds details)
JOHANNESBURG May 2 South Africa's Financial Services Board (FSB) is probing certain trades made in the hours before former Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan was recalled from an investor roadshow and then dismissed, an official said on Tuesday.
The Johannesburg bourse said in April it was probing the trades involving currency futures and would forward its findings to the FSB once they were finalised.
On March 27, news broke that President Jacob Zuma had ordered Gordhan to return immediately from a trip to Britain and the United States, roiling local markets. Gordhan was later dismissed in a cabinet reshuffle.
"The investigation is on-going," Solly Keetse, head of Market Abuse at the FSB, told Reuters, adding that the FSB would make its findings known in due course.
The rand weakened about 2.5 percent ahead of the news, according to Thomson Reuters data, falling further after the recall was confirmed, while the Banks index on the bourse fell 4.73 percent. (Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Ed Stoddard and Tom Heneghan)
* UK growth - tmsnrt.rs/2eeJAlm
* UK inflation - tmsnrt.rs/2e52HBm
* UK wage growth - reut.rs/2nuYWbI
* UK retail sales - reut.rs/2mQh1xR
* UK goods exports - reut.rs/2nv8Zxd
* The Brexit effect - tmsnrt.rs/2o5MUVS
By William Schomberg
LONDON, March 29 Britain's economy is sending mixed signals about its readiness for Brexit just as British Prime Minister Theresa May launches the process of pulling the country out of the European Union.
Economic growth was resilient in 2016, confounding forecasts of a quick and painful hit after June's Brexit vote.
There have been recent signs that exporters are benefitting from the pound's fall and a pickup in the world economy.
But consumers, typically the main drivers of British growth, appear to be turning more cautious.
Following is a summary of the most important measures of the British economy along with graphics.
OVERALL ECONOMIC GROWTH
The economy grew by 1.8 percent in 2016, second only to Germany among the Group of Seven big rich nations. In quarterly terms, growth sped up at the end of last year, prompting the Bank of England to raise its forecast for early 2017. The BoE and the government's forecasters expect growth of 2.0 percent this year. Other economists are less optimistic, forecasting growth of 1.6 percent, according to a Reuters poll.
Most of the BoE's policymakers expect the pace of growth to slow as 2017 progresses but they showed "differing degrees of confidence" about that forecast at their meeting this month when one rate-setter voted to raise borrowing costs and others said they might follow suit.
GRAPHIC - UK growth accelerated into the end of 2016:
tmsnrt.rs/2eeJAlm
INFLATION ON THE RISE
Inflation is rising quickly in response to the sharp fall in the value of the pound since the Brexit vote and the rise in global oil prices over the past year. It jumped to 2.3 percent in February and the BoE predicts it will peak at 2.8 percent in the first half of next year, above its 2 percent target. Many economists say inflation is heading above 3 percent.
GRAPHIC - UK inflation starts to climb
tmsnrt.rs/2e52HBm
WAGE GROWTH STUMBLES
British workers have seen their pay eaten away by rising prices for many of the years since the financial crisis. A brief respite, caused by inflation's fall to zero in 2015, is set to end soon. Pay growth, adjusted for inflation, was the lowest since October 2014 in the most recent data. The BoE expects pay will rise 3 percent in 2017, up from the most recent reading of 2.2 percent, but its forecasts have often proven too optimistic.
GRAPHIC - UK real wage growth eaten away as inflation rises
reut.rs/2nuYWbI
CONSUMERS FEEL THE PINCH
Britain's shoppers proved the forecasters wrong by carrying on spending freely after the Brexit vote, helping the economy to withstand the shock. But that seems to be changing. Retail sales shrank at the fastest rate in nearly seven years during the past three months, despite a pickup in February.
Data published on Wednesday showed growth in consumer credit in the three months to February was the weakest since July 2015, at 8.7 percent.
However, consumer confidence has remained robust and house prices continue to grow, adding to the mixed picture.
GRAPHIC - UK retail sales suffer back-to-back falls
reut.rs/2mQh1xR
CAN EXPORTERS MAKE UP THE DIFFERENCE?
Exporters are getting a boost from sterling's fall, as well as a recovery in the economies of Europe and the United States. Net trade made a rare positive contribution to economic growth in late 2016. And in the three months to January, volumes of goods exports showed their biggest increase in a decade. But there are big questions about what happens after Brexit. Britain has chosen to prioritise migration controls over access to the EU's single market which accounts for about half of Britain's exports. BoE Deputy Governor Ben Broadbent has said the current "sweet spot" for exporters might not last, given the prospect of barriers to trade with the EU or a likely appreciation of sterling if Britain secures a good deal.
GRAPHIC - UK goods exports volumes surge
reut.rs/2nv8Zxd
(Writing by William Schomberg, graphics by Jiachuan Wu and Andy Bruce Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 SanBio Co Ltd
* Says it took out a loan of 900 million yen from Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation , with interest rate of 1.3 percent and a term of five years
* Says the loan is use for research expenditure of clinical test
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/jJpndi
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but they did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with them last weekend as they were leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that they plan to remain with the Falcons for the rest of their career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on their future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured their coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get them back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offence , using their rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, they had 88 catches for 1,444 yards — their fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, they had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver — 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond they have with their favourite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and they feel good , like they do right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
April 13 Applied Optoelectronics Inc
* Applied Optoelectronics expects first quarter 2017 results to exceed guidance
* Q1 revenue $96.2 million versus I/B/E/S view $89.8 million
* Applied Optoelectronics Inc sees Q1 2017 gaap fully diluted earnings per share in range of $0.91 to $0.94
* Applied Optoelectronics Inc sees Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin in range of 42.5% to 42.9%, above prior non-GAAP outlook of 38% to 40%
* Applied Optoelectronics Inc sees Q1 2017 non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share in range of $1.00 to $1.02
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.83 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo was nicknamed "cry baby" by their childhood teammates due to the temper tantrums they threw when the team lost or if they did not receive the ball,
Ricardo Santos played alongside the four-times world player of the year for amateur team CF Andorinha in Madeira, where Ronaldo's father worked as a kit man.
"Cry-baby, yes, because Ronaldo already loved to win like they love today and when they lost and when other kids didn't pass the ball to them they used to cry," Santos told Reuters.
Ronaldo's desire to win has propelled them to four domestic league titles and three Champions League trophies during their stellar career with Manchester United and Real.
The 32-year-old, who is the Champions League's all-time record goal scorer, captained the Portugal team who won last year's European Championship in France.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
FILE PHOTO - A view of the Goldman Sachs stall on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, U.S. on July 16, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Workers walk to work during the morning rush hour in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London, Britain, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh
LONDON Banks in Britain have tried to reassure their London staff over possible Brexit disruption, including a shift in jobs to continental Europe, as Prime Minister Theresa May triggered formal EU divorce proceedings on Wednesday.
Investment banks Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Nomura were among those who sent messages to employees in London, Europe's biggest financial center, as they work out how to keep serving clients across the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc.
Morgan Stanley also informed employees in Europe that no decisions had yet been made on changes for when Britain departs, leaving the EU with 27 member states.
But Rob Rooney, CEO of Morgan Stanley International, was blunter in updating them on the work of a committee comprising senior leaders at the bank which has been making Brexit contingency plans for over a year.
"As prudence would dictate, we have been preparing for the worst case scenario, in which we would need to establish a more significant entity within the EU 27," Rooney said in a memo to staff on Wednesday seen by Reuters.
"We continue to monitor the situation closely and, when appropriate, will take the necessary decisions and begin to execute on our plans."
JPMorgan Chase said in an internal memo that it has spent the last few months reviewing its options. "While our objective in the short term is to limit the number of staff moves, there will inevitably be some staff members who will be asked to consider relocation," the bank said.
Richard Gnodde, CEO of the European arm of Goldman Sachs, stressed that no big changes were imminent even though they said last week that the Wall Street bank would begin by moving hundreds of staff as part of its "contingency plans" for Brexit.
"All of this work leads us to conclude that although Brexit may well bring some changes to our footprint, a lot will continue to operate as it does today," they said in a voicemail sent to all London employees' phones last Friday.
May's formal notification of Britain's intention to leave the EU starts two years of negotiations allowed under the bloc's treaty that will shape the future of the country and Europe, as well as London's place as a global financial center.
Gnodde said Goldman Sachs could make long-term decisions only after those negotiations were complete.
"We also understand that you will have many questions regarding the implications of Brexit," they said. "We are sensitive to those concerns, and want you to know that we will share any information on changes that will impact our European footprint as quickly as we can."
May has said Britain will not try to remain in the EU's single market, meaning London-based financial services companies would not be able to sell to clients in the remaining 27 member states in practical terms, unless a special deal were struck.
Fearing they could lose top-performing staff, banks are treading carefully as they contemplate moving London-based workers to continental centers such as Frankfurt, Paris and Luxembourg, or paying them off and hiring employees locally.
Nomura of Japan said in a message to staff on Wednesday that although it had been actively planning for Brexit, no final decision had been made on either location or timing of any new European entity, according to a source familiar with the matter.
TWO-STAGE PLAN
Banks are enacting two-stage contingency plans for Brexit. The first involves relatively small numbers of jobs to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next requires longer-term thinking on what their European business will look like in the future. This is when bigger moves might take place.
The British Bankers' Association and the City of London Corporation, which runs the financial district, said in statements it is crucial that after the conclusion of the talks banks retain as much access to the single market as possible.
They both also said that Britain should announce a staggered departure from the EU that would allow British-based banks to prevent market disruption.
Regulatory and banking experts working for the City of London and lobby group TheCityUK are drawing up proposals for a 'mutual recognition' system.
Under this, the EU and Britain would broadly accept firms in each other's financial markets because their home regulatory systems apply similar standards. The aim is for London-based banks to keep serving continental clients, although skeptics say mutual recognition is largely untested globally and would struggle to win approval within the EU.
(Editing by Susan Fenton and David Stamp)
CAIRO, April 10 Egypt will hold some treasury bill sales this week to compensate for auctions originally scheduled to be held during next week's Easter holiday, when banks will be closed, a statement from the Ministry of Finance said.
Egypt is now scheduled to sell 182-day and 364-day bills on Wednesday and 91-day and 273-day bills on Thursday; it will also sell 3-year and 7-year bonds on Thursday, the statement said. (Reporting by Eric Knecht; Editing by Louise Ireland)
ST PETERSBURG, April 3 Russia and Belarus have resolved all the disputes between them over energy, the countries' two presidents said on Monday after meeting in the Russian city of St Petersburg.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said the Russian and Belarussian governments will implement the two leaders' agreement within the next 10 days, and that a roadmap had been agreed for energy cooperation up to 2020.
Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko, speaking at a joint news conference with Putin after their talks, confirmed the deal, and thanked the Russian leader for helping refinance their country's debts to Russia. (Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Alexander Winning)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bonava Ab (Publ):
* OCT-DEC NET SALES AMOUNTED TO SEK 6,055 M (6,584)
* OCT-DEC OPERATING PROFIT WAS SEK 820 M (985), OF WHICH PROFIT FROM SALE OF LAND TOTALLED SEK 45 M (197) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
This 3 port USB 3.0 hub converts any 9.5mm & 7mm 2.5-Inch SATA HDD/SSD into an external hard drive for ultimate mobility and convenience. setup is tool free and easy to install and disassemble. The built-in foam pad protects hard disk effectively. This device features automatic sleep and spin-down and goes into sleep mode automatically after 10 minutes in idle state.
Currently receiving 4.5 out of 5 stars on Amazon (read reviews) and is discount by 50%, down to just $20.99, Check out purchasing options on Amazon now.
This story, "50% off Inateck 3 Port USB 3.0 Hub with 2.5 Inch USB 3.0 Hard Drive Disk External Enclosure Case for 9.5mm 7mm 2.5 Inch SATA HDD SSD - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in Monday's auction to their highest levels since August 2008.
The Treasury Department auctioned $51 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.780 percent, up from 1.670 percent last week. Another $45 billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 1.950 percent, up from 1.850 percent last week.
The three-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.850 percent on Aug. 18, 2008. The six-month rate was the highest since those bills averaged 1.980 percent also on Aug. 18, 2008.
The discount rates reflect that the bills sell for less than face value. For a $10,000 bill, the three-month price was $9,955.00 while a six-month bill sold for $9,901.42. That would equal an annualized rate of 1.813 percent for the three-month bills and 1.997 percent for the six-month bills.
Advertisement
Separately, the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for one-year Treasury bills, a popular index for making changes in adjustable rate mortgages, edged up to 2.08 percent Friday, up from 2.05 percent at the beginning of last week on March 12.
Even with the political and economic challenges, Bovespa has offered to its investors great opportunities
End
-- The main Brazilian Stock Exchange continues to show its strength in 2016. According to a survey by Economatica, Bovespa reached its highest daily average of traded value this year. An average of R$ 6.60 billion traded on a daily basis in 2016. The largest amount recorded so far occurred in 2013, when the Bovespa traded an average value of R $ 6.58 billion per day.If converted into dollars, the result indicates slight growth this year compared to 2015. In 2016, the average daily financial volume in dollars adds up to US$ 1.91 billion. The highest value recorded in dollars by the Brazilian Stock Exchange was measured in 2011, when it totaled US$ 3.39 billion in the daily average.Among the sectors that most contributed to this evolution is the banking sector, which in 2016 showed an average financial volume of R$ 1.05 billion. This value means a historical milestone for the field.In addition to the banks, four other sectors were also representative:oil, gas, and biofuels; mining; electricity and steel and metallurgy. Among the mentioned above, the companies linked to electricity generation also had the largest volume ever recorded in history, with an average of almost R$ 420.7 million traded per day.Regarding the stocks responsible for negotiating the largest financial volumes per day in Bovespa, Petrobras (PETR4) won the highest position in 2016 with almost R$ 625 billion. The stocks of the oil company have the highest average financial volume per day for three years in a roll. In second place come the shares of Itaú Unibanco (ITUB4). The mining company, Vale (VALE5), on the other hand, lost some ground during the period.Of the 20 most traded stocks in 2016 on the Brazilian Stock Exchange, four are from the banking sector and three from oil, gas, and biofuels. Seven of these 20 stocks reached their highest historical value in 2016. Amid them are Bradesco (BBDC4), Ambev (ABEV3) and Banco do Brasil (BBAS3).These facts show that, despite the economic downturn in Brazil, investing in the greatest economy in Latin America is still a good idea. Those who want to benefit from all the possibilities the Brazilian Stock Exchange can bring have the whole year 2017 ahead with great expectations for excellent business.We are the largest investment analysis, consulting and education company in the Brazilian Stock Exchange. Since 2011, our mission is to help our partners to value their capital by identifying the best opportunities in the Financial Market.More info: https://www.tororadar.com.br/
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
JAKARTA May 2Indonesia attracted 909,173 foreign tourists in the month of March, up 12.78 percent from a year earlier, the statistics bureau said on Tuesday.
Foreign tourist arrivals had risen 9.19 percent in February.
The total number of visitors in March, including those passing through Indonesia's borders from neighbouring countries and foreign workers with permits for less than one year, was 1.02 million, up 11.64 percent from a year earlier.
(Reporting by Nilufar Rizki, Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo; Writing by Fransiska Nangoy)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Commonwealth Bank Of Australia
* On 30 March 2017, it issued HK$608 million worth of subordinated notes
* Issue of subordinated notes by CBA will not have a material impact on CBA's financial position
* HK$608mln callable fixed to floating rate tier 2 capital subordinated notes due 2027 issued pursuant to Euro medium term note programme Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc:
* Ashford Hospitality Trust announces withdrawal of Felcor Lodging Trust merger proposal and preliminary proxy statement
* Ashford Hospitality Trust - withdrawing preliminary proxy statement and proposed slate of seven independent directors for election to Felcor's board
* Ashford Hospitality- determined there is no cost-effective, actionable path forward toward agreement,withdrawn its non-binding proposal for Felcor
* Ashford Hospitality Trust - "Ashford Trust continues to believe that its offer would have been more attractive to shareholders than RLJ offer"
* Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc - company plans to liquidate its investment in Felcor stock over time Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BANGKOK, April 6 Thailand's king signed a new constitution in a ceremony on Thursday, an essential step towards holding an election that the military government has promised to restore democracy after a 2014 coup.
In a nationwide broadcast, King Maha Vajiralongkorn was seen signing the constitution, giving it royal endorsement and setting in motion a process for Thailand's next general election, expected late next year.
The constitution is Thailand's 20th since the end of absolute monarchy in 1932 and critics of army rule say it will still give the generals a powerful say over Thai politics for years, if not decades.
The constitution is now due to be published in the Royal Gazette, after which it becomes law. (Reporting by Panarat Thepgumpanat and Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The logos of Fox News Channel are seen engraved on the glass of one of their booths at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. July 18, 2016. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
LOS ANGELES U.S. cable network Fox News Channel has hired Amy Listerman, a former executive at Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI.O), as its first female chief financial officer, the network said on Monday.
Fox, a unit of 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O), faces scrutiny following a New York Times report earlier this month that the company and anchor Bill O'Reilly paid five women to settle claims they sexually harassed them. O'Reilly has said they were unfairly targeted because of their prominence.
Fox, in a statement on Sunday, said it investigates all complaints and considers them "serious matters." [L1N1HH0MT] Last year, Fox News Chairman and Chief Executive Roger Ailes resigned after allegations of sexual harassment.
Listerman will oversee all financial operations for Fox News Channel, the top-rated cable news network, and Fox Business Channel, the company said in a statement. They replace Mark Krantz, who retired last year, and will begin the job on May 1.
Listerman previously served as CFO and head of advertising sales at Scripps Networks Interactive and in various roles at Comcast Corp's (CMCSA.O) NBC Universal.
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by Richard Chang)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's opposition Labour Party supports keeping the closest possible trading ties with the European Union after Brexit and will lobby Prime Minister Theresa May to stick to that, the party's Brexit policy chief Keir Starmer said on Sunday.
British Labour Party politician, Keir Starmer, Shadow Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union, speaks during an interview outside BBC television studios in London, September 3, 2017. REUTERS/Mary Turner
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr show, Starmer said: “What are the benefits of the single market and the customs union? They are no tariffs and they are alignment of regulations and standards and that means that for goods and services we can trade successfully in the future. That's what we want.”
“The way we've put it is that we would start with viable options, staying in a customs union and a single market variant which means full participation in the single market.”
April 28 Gensource Potash Corp:
* Gensource announces brokered private placement for up to $6,000,000
* Gensource Potash Corp - offering will consist of sale of up to 11.11 mln common shares in capital stock of company at a price of $0.18 per common share
* Gensource Potash - offering will also consist of sale up to 20 million common shares issued on a flow-through basis for gross proceeds of up to $4 million
* Gensource Potash - gross proceeds from sale of flow-through share portion of offering will be used to fund cee related to projects in Saskatchewan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The logo of French defence and electronics group Thales is seen at the company's headquarters in Neuilly, near Paris, May 20, 2008. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo
NEW YORKU.S. blockchain startup Chain Inc has teamed with security firm Thales Group to make it easier for large companies that use blockchain technology to safely store their security credentials, the two companies said on Thursday.
Adoption of blockchain technology, which is still in its early days, has been in part slowed down on concerns over security.
A new service from Chain uses Thales's hardware security modules (HSM) - highly secure processors designed to safeguard passwords and "digital keys" - to make it more attractive for large companies to adopt blockchain, the companies said in a joint statement.
The move follows the launch of a similar service by Accenture Plc in February.
Blockchain, which first emerged as the system underpinning crypto-currency bitcoin, is a shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, instead of a centralized authority.
Large companies, which include exchange group Nasdaq Inc and credit card company Visa Inc, have been ramping up their investments in blockchain in hopes that it can help reduce the cost and complexity of some of their most complex processes.
Information on the blockchain can only be edited by users that possess one-time cryptographic keys, which are normally stored in digital wallets. These have been hacked before, making them not sufficiently secure for use by large finance firms, which normally use HSMs.
Integration of Thales' HSMs makes it easier for firms using Chain's technology to meet their usual security standards when storing and generating keys, the companies said.
"As Chain takes blockchain networks to production, we've invested heavily in the secure generation and storage of private key material," said Ryan Smith, chief technology officer at Chain.
San Francisco-based Chain is one of the most established companies in the nascent blockchain industry. In 2015 it secured a $30 million investment from a large group of financial services companies including Nasdaq, Visa and Citigroup Inc.
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Andrew Hay)
FILE PHOTO: Eurogroup President Jeroen Dijsselbloem holds a news conference during a Euro zone finance ministers emergency meeting on the situation in Greece in Brussels, Belgium June 27, 2015. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File Photo
STRASBOURG Several euro lawmakers called on Monday on Jeroen Dijsselbloem to resign as Eurogroup chairperson after they declined to address the European Parliament, also criticising them for remarks interpreted as disparaging towards southern Europeans.
Dijsselbloem, who chairs the meetings of euro zone finance ministers, turned down parliament's invitation to participate in a plenary debate on the Greek bailout programme scheduled for Tuesday.
The Dutchman, whose mandate ends in January, has previously declined to participate in plenary debates, but they are under pressure for other reasons.
Their party lost heavily in national elections in March.
In an interview two weeks ago with German daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ), they said wealthier northern European countries had showed solidarity with the south during the euro zone crisis by giving them financial aid.
"But whoever demands it, also has obligations. I can't spend all my money on booze and women and then ask you for your support," they were quoted as saying.
The European Parliament said several MEPs had called on Dijsselbloem to resign after declining to attend and "stressed that a Eurogroup President must be accountable to representatives of the people affected by Eurogroup measures."
Parliamentary president Antonio Tajani said they would send a formal letter of protest to the Dutchman.
Dijsselbloem has said their comments in the FAZ interview were not directed to southern Europeans.
A spokesperson for Dijsselbloem declined to comment on the renewed criticism from the parliament.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio; editing by John Stonestreet)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
April 10 Adler Modemaerkte AG:
* Change in management board: chairperson of the board of management Lothar Schaefer terminates their office in the management board end of April - Andrew Thorndike new member with the function as chief operating officer as of 1 May 2017
* The supervisory board intends to appoint another member of the management board as chairperson of the management board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Experts are warning over an incoming invasion of "super-fleas".
According to reports, the UK will be swamped by the mini beasts - who have penises two-and-a-half times their body length.
It is understood they are set to invade homes across the country - including Birmingham - because of the wet summer.
Scientists say the wet August so soon after a hot spring has created perfect breeding conditions to create plagues of randy super-fleas.
The fleas, which have the largest genital - relative to size - of any bug on earth, will be trying to get into our homes in an effort to escape the chilly and damp summer days, the Mirror Online reported .
Nigel Binns, of pest controllers Basis Prompt, said: “The activity and behaviour of fleas is often very much dependent on the climate.
“Mild temperatures during the winter means that fewer than usual will have been killed off and, as they thrive in a warm and humid environment, they're likely to be present in greater numbers than usual during the next few weeks.
“The population of fleas seems to have grown rapidly in recent years, but the risk of an infestation could be bigger than ever this summer.”
The critters are often carried into homes on the fur of cats and dogs, especially if they've had contact with rodents, foxes or rabbits.
Mr Binns said scratching is often the first sign of a possible infestation.
They added: “Bite marks are usually around the ankles or legs, often leave small red spots which are itchy.
“And, if you do have fleas in your home, you may even see them jumping on your carpet or furniture.”
They thrive in the fur of pets but will soon hop on to sofas, bedding, carpets and rugs and breed at an alarming rate - the female can lay up to 50 eggs a day.
They hatch in a few days and can live for several months so the population soon explodes.
The RSPCA says that a flea can live from between 14 days up to one year, with the female laying up to 50 eggs a day, although they can survive without a host for many months.
The British Pest Control Association recommends regularly treating pets with flea treatment and removing infested bedding and regularly treating walls and floors to prevent the pests returning.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua - Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it roared toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it is likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana officials declared a state of emergency and ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall early Sunday, and evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Nate could cause dangerous flooding by dumping as much as 18 to 25 centimetres of rain as it moved over Honduras, with higher accumulations in a few places.
It had maximum sustained winds of 85 km/h by Friday morning and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before a possible strike on the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula at near-hurricane strength. It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans.
The storm was located about 280 kilometres southeast of Cozumel, Mexico and had accelerated its north-northwest movement to 33 km/h.
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice-president and spokesperson, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday they had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. They didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesperson for the country's firefighters.
FILE PHOTO: Mostafa Mirsalim, Iranian former minister of culture, holds their document as they register their candidacy for presidential elections at the Interior Ministry in central Tehran, Iran, April 11, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO: Iranian senior cleric Ebrahim Raisis gestures as they meet grand clerics in the holy city of Qom, Iran, in this handout photo believed to be taken in April 2016. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO: Iran's President Hassan Rouhani gestures as they register to run for a second four-year term in the May election, in Tehran, Iran, April 14, 2017. President.ir/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo
ANKARA Hardline conservative challengers accused Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in an election debate on Friday of failing to revive the economy even after a diplomatic thaw with the West they have touted as the key to attracting new investment.
During a three-hour debate carried live on state television, the pragmatist Rouhani's opponents sought to denigrate their economic record and said that the Islamic Republic would be harmed if they were re-elected on May 19.
Rouhani secured Iran's nuclear accord with world powers in 2015, welcomed by many Iranians, but discontent has risen over the lack of broad improvement in living standards despite the lifting of most international sanctions in 2016 under the deal.
"The gap between rich and poor has widened in Iran...Monthly cash handouts to poor people should be tripled," Ebrahim Raisi, an influential Shi'ite cleric who is Rouhani's strongest rival, said in the debate in a nod to lower-income rural Iranians. The monthly cash subsidy is currently around $14.
"One of the main priorities of the Islamic Republic is to preserve social justice... Steps should be taken to protect poor people. We need to overhaul the economic system," said Raisi, who enjoys the support of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Rouhani, who was elected by a landslide in 2013, defended their economic record, complaining that it had been subjected to "lies and defamation".
They repeated that Iran's road to economic recovery, growth and modernisation lay in deeper engagement with other countries.
"More investment means the creation of more jobs... If we want eight percent economic growth, we need foreign investment."
Iran's real gross domestic product grew by 7.4 percent over the past year but that was mainly driven by oil exports rather than job-creating investment, according to the International Monetary Fund. Official unemployment runs at just over 12 percent but independent analysts put it at around 20 percent.
Khamenei and hardline loyalists have heaped pressure on Rouhani, saying the diplomatic opening afforded by the nuclear deal had not yielded benefits promised by the president.
LIMITED ECONOMIC DIVIDEND
The economic pay-off has been limited by factors beyond Rouhani's ability to rectify soon under Iran's complex system of dual theocratic and republican rule, analysts say.
Many foreign investors have been put off by obstacles to doing business such as the poor state of Iranian banks, the heavy role of powerful hardline institutions such as the elite Revolutionary Guards in the economy, a lack of clarity about the legal system as well as lingering unilateral U.S. sanctions.
Iran's president broadly manages domestic affairs, above all the economy, and can influence foreign policy decisions. But overall state policy is the remit of Khamenei, who wields decisive powers across government and the military and security services, and warily endorsed the 2015 nuclear settlement.
The election will see Rouhani facing off against Raisi, conservative Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf, ex-conservative culture minister Mostafa Mirsalim and reformist ex-vice president Mostafa Hashemitaba.
Raisi, one of four sharia (Islamic law) judges who oversaw executions of thousands of political prisoners in 1988, has been mentioned as a possible successor to Khamenei.
Raisi and Qalibaf, who is a former Revolutionary Guards commander, have promised to ease unemployment by creating millions of jobs per year, if elected. Economists have criticised their campaign promises as "unrealistic".
Despite their vulnerability over the economy, analysts say Rouhani retains a good chance of re-election thanks to support among large numbers of urban young and women who have welcomed a modest relaxation of social restrictions since 2013.
They also fear that a return to a hardline presidency could usher in more repression at home and isolation abroad.
"I am tired of slogans, tired of political feuding... But I will vote for Rouhani. In the election I have to choose between bad and worse," university student Homeyra Pazokian said.
(Additional reporting by Sharafedin Bozorgmehr in London; Writing by Parisa Hafezi; editing by Mark Heinrich)
