UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
Here's what's coming up this week on World Cafe:
Monday, December 11: Penny and Sparrow
Penny and Sparrow evoke the detail of Simon and Garfunkel and the openness of Bon Iver. Tune in as they perform live from their new album Wendigo and explain the fine balance between their Christian beliefs and the label of being a Christian band, including how hard it is to talk publicly about faith in the age of 140 characters.
Tuesday, December 12: JD McPherson
JD McPherson, the Oklahoman who made retro rock sound modern with “North Side Gal” is back with a new album called Undivided Heart and Soul. It was recorded in Nashville's historic RCA Studio B after JD uprooted their family and moved them to Music City. Tune in to hear JD McPherson and their band perform live.
Rag'n'Bone Man's Human is the fastest-selling male solo debut this decade, and they took home Critics Choice and British Breakthrough Act at this year's Brit Awards. Tune in Wednesday as Rag'N'Bone Man performs stripped down versions of their bluesy, soulful songs and talks about the inevitability of being recognized at 6 foot 5, with heavy tattoos and a beard.
Thursday, December 14: Emily Haines
Emily Haines is the lead singer of rock outfit Metric. But on their new solo album Choir of the Mind, there are no wailing guitars. The spotlight shines directly on their singing and the work-of-art that is their songwriting. Listen in as Emily Haines performs solo, seated at the piano.
Friday, December 15: Michael McDonald
From Steely Dan, to The Doobie Brothers, to their own solo career, Michael McDonald has made a lasting mark on pop culture with their distinctive voice. Their new release Wide Open is their first album of original material in 17 years. Tune in as they talk about playing the new songs live, the challenges of their early work with Steely Dan and how hard it is for them to express their feelings outside of music.
Listen to World Cafe Monday-Friday at 11pm on KXT.
Only individuals affected can determine whether the settlement meets their needs, Assembly of First Nations National Chief Perry Bellegarde said in a statement.
"The courts of Canada can never compensate, in any amount, the loss of family, community, identity, language and culture," they said. "True justice means creating hope and opportunity for the survivors."
Anna Betty Achneepineskum, deputy grand chief of the Nishnawbe Aski Nation — an umbrella organization representing 49 communities in northern Ontario — said they are pleased to see the government has "finally been held accountable" for the devastating legacy of the '60s Scoop.
"We pray this settlement will help the plaintiffs and all Canadians on the journey towards healing and reconciliation," they said.
The '60s Scoop was a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said Friday.
"Their stories are heartbreaking," Bennett said. "They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home."
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, they added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
"We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people," they said.
The agreement is a "first step" in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, they said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
Ottawa says the compensation payments will not affect its bottom line because the fiscal framework already contains an envelope of money set aside for litigation settlements.
The agreement in principle announced Friday is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop, in which at-risk, on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting them and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of their lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
—with files from Colin Perkel
Follow @kkirkup and @perkel on Twitter
By Kristy Kirkup, The Canadian Press
MASTER mentor Wayne Bennett has taken Brisbane Roar coach John Aloisi under their wing in a boost to the A-League club's hopes of playing finals football for an eighth successive season.
Ahead of the Roar's Suncorp Stadium showdown with Melbourne City on Sunday evening, The Sunday Mail can reveal Aloisi met with Brisbane Broncos boss Bennett last week.
Aloisi, under pressure to turnaround the Roar's fortunes in what has been largely a forgettable campaign, sought the meeting with Bennett, who was happy to meet with their A-League counterpart.
The former Socceroos striker had similar meetings with AFL coaches during their time as Melbourne Heart coach.
And it's not the first time seven-time NRL premiership winner Bennett has passed on their words of wisdom to football coaches.
W-LEAGUE: Roar eye rewards for hard yards
Camera Icon Can Wayne Bennett's wisdom save the Roar's season? (AAP Image/Albert Perez) Picture: AAP
Championship-winning Roar coach Mike Mulvey regularly went to Bennett for advice, while all-conquering Sydney FC boss Graham Arnold often picks the brain of the former Maroons and Kangaroos coach.
Aloisi, who regards Bennett as rugby league's equivalent of legendary former Manchester United coach Sir Alex Ferguson, was thrilled with the outcome of the pair's lunch meeting at Gambaro restaurant.
The duo have exchanged numbers, with Aloisi set to speak to Bennett regularly as they seek to return the Roar to the A-League's summit.
Suncorp Stadium general manager Alan Graham and Roar managing director David Pourre were also at the lunch, with Bennett stressing the need for stability within Brisbane's coaching ranks.
Camera Icon Aloisi is open to help from more experienced leaders. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt) Picture: AAP
Aloisi is in their third season at the helm of the Roar and has had to cope with the club's ongoing off-field problems since starting in the role in June 2015.
Despite the Roar's issues, Aloisi led them to third place on the ladder and to within a win of the grand final for two successive years before this season's struggles.
The club hit rock bottom last month when they were beaten 3-2 in front of just 1279 fans at the Queensland Sport and Athletics Centre by Filipino minnows Ceres-Negros.
But with their crippling injury toll easing, the Roar are slowly turning around their form and will aim for a third straight A-League win.
“We know it's another final for us,” Aloisi said.
“The last two A-League games have been good in terms of performances and wins and we want to keep on making sure we pick up the points that we need to make finals.
“Also we have to plan already for next season. We have to make sure that we build a squad that we believe is going to win it next season … but at the moment our main focus is this season and making finals.”
Brigitte Nielsen, star of Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II, is going to be a mom again.
The 54-year-old actor announced their fifth pregnancy on Instagram and Twitter Monday, showing their baby bump in a curve-hugging gray dress.
“Family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump,” Nielsen, who wed 39-year-old husband Mattia Dessi in 2006, captioned their photo. Also on Wednesday, the Danish-Italian model shared another bump picture, writing, “Happy time positive vibes.”
Nielsen, who has been married five times, is already mom to four sons: Raoul Meyer Jr., 23, Douglas Meyer, 25, Killian Gastineau, 28, and Julian Winding, 34.
Reps for Nielsen did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED GALLERY: Kristin Davis, Rachel Weisz and More Celebs Who Welcomed (and Are Expecting!) Children After 45
The star previously opened up about wanting to have more kids in August 2008.
“The children have kept me going. After I do Playboy, we want to try IVF. It's asking a lot, but if it's possible, it would make our package complete,” Nielsen told Hello! magazine.
RELATED: Meet Sylvester Stallone's Daughters: What to Know About Miss Golden Globes Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet
Nielsen was previously married to Kasper Winding from 1983 to 1984, Rocky IV costar Sylvester Stallone from 1985 to 1987, photographer Sebastian Copeland from 1990 to 1992 and Raoul Meyer from 1993 to 2005.
Also in 2004, Nielsen appeared on VH1's The Surreal Life, where they met rapper Flavor Flav. Their romance was documented on the spinoff reality show, Strange Love.
April 24 (UPI) -- Rob Kardashian gave fans a glimpse of their daughter's "tea party" Monday.
The 31-year-old television personality posted back-to-back pictures of Dream, their 17-month-old daughter with ex-fiancée Blac Chyna, on Twitter.
Dream wears a grey onesie and a pink gingham apron in the first photo, which shows them laughing with their tea set in front of them
"Mornings start with a tea party," Kardashian captioned the post.
Mornings start with a tea party pic.twitter.com/es0N0t3u74 — ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) April 23, 2018
The second picture shows Dream sitting in a fuzzy blue chair. The toddler wears a pink shirt and tutu with their hair pulled back.
"Then a little bit later another tea party. Lol im dying how My baby looks like two completely different girls in a matter of minutes. Lol LOVE U DREAM," Kardashian wrote.
Then a little bit later another tea party. Lol im dying how My baby looks like two completely different girls in a matter of minutes. Lol LOVE U DREAM pic.twitter.com/kLkr1YLUeD — ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) April 23, 2018
People reported in March that Kardashian is focused on Dream and their health.
"Rob is eating better and has a trainer -- they want to stay healthy for their daughter's sake," a source said.
"He's focused on what they should be focused on: Dream and their health," the insider added. "He wants to stay healthy for their daughter's sake. Dream was a huge wake-up call for Rob. They want to be the best dad possible."
LONDON (AP) " Liverpool's pursuit of English Premier League leader Chelsea stalled on Monday as Juergen Klopp's four-match winning run ended at Sunderland.
Liverpool's 2-2 draw against a relegation-threatened Sunderland side gives Chelsea the platform to open up an eight-point lead by beating Tottenham on Wednesday.
Twice Liverpool led in northeast England " through Daniel Sturridge and Sadio Mane " but on both occasions Jermain Defoe scored penalties to draw Sunderland level. Mane's hand-ball was responsible for conceding the second spotkick.
"I must be honest, it doesn't feel good and it's not because of the point, it's because two penalties in a game," Klopp said. "Usually what you have to do to get a penalty, to get two, that was harsh, very hard to accept.
"But obviously I have to accept it, so I will do it."
___
MAN CITY 2, BURNLEY 1
A victory for City but Pep Guardiola was still tetchy after the game, even suggesting they might not have long left in management.
Halfway through their first season at City, the 45-year-old former Barcelona and Bayern Munich coach said: "It might be one of my last teams."
English football is proving far tougher for Guardiola than Spanish or German.
After losing at Liverpool on Saturday, City started badly against Burnley when captain Fernandinho was sent off in the 32nd minute for a two-footed lunge on Johann Gudmundsson.
Continued below.
Related Content Basketball: Blow for Breakers with Abercrombie sidelined Ice Hockey: Oilers get overtime win over Blues Nemesis of Lance Armstrong: 'Sorry he's in your country'
City held off Burnley with 10 men and seized the lead in the second half through Gael Clichy. Sergio Aguero came off the bench to score a second, ensuring Ben Mee's goal for Burnley would only be a consolation.
City regained third place ahead of Arsenal, which is at Bournemouth on Tuesday, and Tottenham.
___
WEST HAM 0, MAN UNITED 2
United reeled off a sixth successive league victory in a match that turned on Sofiane Feghouli being harshly sent off for a late challenge on Phil Jones in the 15th minute.
Even with a man advantage, United took until the 63rd to score when substitutes Marcus Rashford and Juan Mata combined. Mata turned Rashford's pullback past goalkeeper Darren Randolph before Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored their 17th goal in their first season with United.
___
EVERTON 3, SOUTHAMPTON 0
Everton scored three times in the last 17 minutes to ensure manager Ronald Koeman emerged victorious against the club they left in the offseason.
Enner Valencia was the game-changer, coming off the bench to score the opener in the 73rd minute and then winning the penalty that Leighton Baines converted.
Romelu Lukaku contributed the third as 10th-place Southampton lost a third match inside a week. Everton is seventh.
___
WEST BROM 3, HULL 1
Hull is now without a win in nine games and three points from safety after throwing away the lead at West Bromwich Albion. Robert Snodgrass' opener was canceled out by Chris Brunt before Gareth McAuley and James Morrison put the hosts in front.
___
MIDDLESBROUGH 0, LEICESTER 0
With Islam Slimani and Danny Drinkwater out injured and Jamie Vardy suspended, Leicester was satisfied with a point and a second successive clean sheet.
It's all about avoiding a relegation dogfight for struggling champion Leicester, which is six points from danger.
"Middlesbrough pushed a lot but we were so solid and I am pleased with the spirit we showed," Leicester manager Claudio Ranieri said.
Actor Prateik Babbar, who plays a misguided youth in the film “Mulk“, says they have always wanted to essay the role of an anti-national.
“I have always wanted to essay the role of an anti-national. Playing grey comes easy to me but I had to learn a lot of new things to portray terrorism in the right light,” Prateik said in a statement to IANS.
Based on true events, “Mulk”, a courtroom drama, also features Rishi Kapoor, Taapsee Pannu, Rajat Kapoor, Ashutosh Rana, Manoj Pahwa, Kumud Mishra and Neena Gupta.
Rajat, who essays the role of investigating officer Danish Javed in the Anubhav Sinha directorial, said: “Danish Javed is interesting because of the context that is provided by the overall story – and not on its own.
“His conflict is one part of the larger thrust of the film. In fact, Anubhav Sinha had called me to play Bilal. They had seen my picture while I was in the get up for ‘Pari' -very short hair and long beard, and Anubhav thought that look might be good for Bilal. I met him, read the script…
“My request to them was that ‘I'd like to play Javed'. Javed is different from what I have done so far – and a bit of action made it even more interesting for me.”
Actor Manoj Pahwa plays the accused, Bilal Mohammed. They said: “I normally opt for easy going comic characters but ‘Mulk' is the first time I am trying my hand at something more serious and meaningful. I have never played a victim in a film so it was quite challenging.”
Prachee Shah Paandya plays the character Choti Tabassum who is Prateik's reel mother. They said: “My character is that of a mother, whose misguided son has wronged the nation, and the family. But certain relations are by birth. You cannot change them. Whether it's motherhood or your citizenship. Playing a Muslim character for the first time and living with the actors as part of a Muslim family has broadened my perspective of life.”
Presented by Kamal Mukut and Soham Rockstar Entertainment, a Benaras Media Works production, the film is produced by Deepak Mukut and Anubhav Sinha. It will release on August 3.
A resident discovered a bullet hole in their home near Bank Street and Albion Road South Tuesday night and responding police found ‘numerous' casings nearby.
Police were called to Des Mesanges Drive at 10:45 p.m. Their investigation turned up shell casings on nearby Bank Street at Albion Road south.
There were no reports that anyone heard gunfire or of injuries.
Police are looking for witnesses and seeking surveillance video from the area, a spokesperson said Wednesday morning.
Anyone with information is asked to call east-end detectives at 613-236-1222, ext. 3566. Anonymous tips can be made to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Jamie Rivera 30 years na sa showbiz, may bonggang concert Bandera
MAGDIRIWANG si Jamie Rivera ng kanyang ika-30 taon sa showbiz sa pamamagitan ng isang bonggang show, ang “Hey It's Me, Jamie! 30 Years The Concert” na magaganap sa Music Museum sa Set. 8, 8 p.m.. Tampok sa Star Events production na ito ang iba't ibang musika ng dating “Miss Saigon” actor na hindi tulad ng karamihan sa mga mang-aawit na nananatili sa isang genre, ang tatlong dekada niya sa showbiz ay markado ng iba-ibang klase ng awitin: love songs, awitin para sa anak at pamilya, at bigating inspirational hits. Call Ticketworld (891-9999) or Music Museum (721-6726) for inquiries.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
Growing focus of business organizations on retaining their customers by providing consistent and enhanced customer experience across multiple channels is one of the key trends stimulating market growth. Cloud-based implementation of customer experience management is expected to gain traction over the forecast period.
The retail sector is one of the largest end-users segment of customer experience management software. Retailers are actively focusing on delivering enhanced customer experience while buying and interacting with the brand or the company. In current era, customers are relying on different technology to get information and to make their purchase decision. Retail companies are using structured analytics CEM technology to maintain detailed information about their customer's profile.
Further key findings from the report suggest:
• On the basis of touch point, the call center segment was the largest segment in 2016 and is anticipated to generate revenue of over USD 1.70 billion by 2025.
• Based on analytical tools, speech analytics is estimated to be at the forefront of the market throughout the forecast horizon
• The customer experience management market in the BFSI sector is anticipated to cross the USD 7.33 billion mark by 2025
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now! https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/customer-experience-management-market
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 Methodology and Scope
1.1 Research Methodology
1.2 Research Scope & Assumptions
1.3 List of Data Sources
Chapter 2 Executive Summary
Chapter 3 Market Snapshot
3.1 Customer experience management (CEM) – Market snapshot & key buying criteria, 2014 – 2025
3.1.1 Global CEM market, 2014 – 2025
Jazz by the Bay launches across the Capes today with a range of events set for Dunsborough, Busselton and Margaret River over the weekend.
The festival hub — On the Green — in Dunsborough, will see Lions Park pumping throughout the weekend, with free world-class live jazz and soul and funk entertainment from 10am-4pm on Saturday and Sunday.
A big marquee will provide shelter and seating, with audiences encouraged to join in the fun on the dance floor.
Among the acts joining the jazz-fest will be Local Vintage, Skedaddle, the Harry Mitchell Quartet, the Daniel Susnjar Afro Peruvian Jazz Group and the Jessie Gordon Quintet, as well as local acts Songbirds of the South West, the Busselton Ukulele Group and the WA Youth Jazz Orchestra.
Festival director Cindy Wiese said the local event brought a world-class musical experience to the region's doorstep.
“People turn up and are often quite surprised,” they said.
“We engage with a range of musicians, go to venues from pubs to beautiful, unusual environments like the caves and Cape Naturaliste Lighthouse and also stage high-end fine dining experiences. So the festival appeals to a range of people and music within jazz.”
Clancy's Fish Pub will host the festival launch night, which opens to the public from 7.30pm. In Margaret River, Morries will host the Bonnie Scotts Jazz Duo — a free event running from 9pm-10.30pm. Festival-goers are encouraged to secure spots for ticketed events. For the list of events, see jazzbythebay.com.au.
Kendall Jenner has a new man in their life — and they seem to be just their type.
Jenner, 22, is reportedly dating NBA player Ben Simmons.
According to Page Six, the pair were spotted on a lunch date at the Beverly Hills Hotel earlier this week. And last week they were seen with a group of friends at the New York City hotspot Vandal.
TMZ reports that Simmons and a mystery woman identified as Jenner grabbed dinner at the Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills on Monday, too.
Jenner's rep did not immediately return PEOPLE's request for comment.
Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons Getty (2)
The Australian basketball player, 22, currently plays for the Philadelphia 76ers.
And this isn't Jenner's first NBA love interest. The model, 21, dated Blake Griffin for several months.
A source previously told PEOPLE that the Jenner and Griffin's romance slowed down after the 29-year-old was traded from the Los Angeles Clippers to the Detroit Pistons
“They've definitely cooled off and are taking things at a slower pace, but not because of any particular drama,” the source said. “He got traded and isn't local anymore, so they've grown apart a bit just because of distance.”
RELATED VIDEO: Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian Pose in Sexy Bikinis for ‘Low-Key' Memorial Day Weekend
In April, the two avoided each other while attending a Coachella party.
Prior to Griffin, Jenner was linked to rapper A$AP Rocky.
Simmons was last rumored to be dating singer Tinashe after exchanging flirty messages with them on social media. A source tells PEOPLE that the two were happy together as recently as Coachella.
I write about the business side of health care, higher education, and the broader nonprofit sector, with occasional forays into the food and alcoholic beverage industries.
Einstein Medical Center Philadelphia is using intervention by pharmacists to reduce costly readmissions after research conducted there five years ago found that the method cut the readmission rate in half.
When Curtis Gainer was an inpatient at Einstein Medical Center Philadelphia five months ago after a severe asthma attack, they were pleasantly surprised to see a pharmacist at their bedside, along with specialists and others.
“It was a meeting of the minds there,” Gainer, 58, recalled. “They wanted to know what kind of medication I'm taking, what new medication was coming in. They explained how to use it, when to use it. They asked me to do it myself. If I had to get a prescription, they would fill it downstairs. They were instrumental.”
That pharmacist was one of three at Einstein tasked with getting involved early with inpatients in a bid to reduce the chance that patients will end up back in the hospital 30 days after they are discharged.
Research published this month based on pharmacist intervention at Einstein found that it cut the readmission rate by more than half for traditional Medicare patients to 9.8 percent compared to 20.4 percent for a group that did not receive the interventions.
The Einstein researchers tested their quality-improvement initiative on 1,059 admissions of 667 Medicare patients to Einstein Medical Center Philadelphia from July 2012 through June 2013. The results were published in the American Journal of Health-System Pharmacy on May 1.
Thirty of the 305 patients that received the full intervention had unplanned readmission, compared to 110 readmissions for the 518 patients that received the usual standard of care at discharge.
The pharmacist in the study reviewed medications, adjusted dosages, provided education and counseling, ensured the patient had access to medications, and arranged for follow-ups at home, when appropriate.
Deborah Hauser, Einstein's network pharmacy director, designed the study's program for the nonprofit Philadelphia health system and was one of the authors. After the study, Hauser has been working on incorporating the pharmacist interventions into Einstein's standard care.
“We now have three pharmacists who do this in their day-to-day work,” said Hauser, who first started thinking about how pharmacists could use their skills to make inroads against readmissions in 2010.
That was two years before the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services started penalizing hospitals for exceeding permitted readmission thresholds by withholding up to 3 percent of Medicare reimbursement. Einstein's penalty last year was 0.45 percent, well below the maximum. The North Philadelphia hospital's overall readmission rate was 17.6 percent, about the national average, according to the Pennsylvania Health Care Quality Alliance.
The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission estimated in 2010 that avoidable readmissions cost the government insurance program for the elderly $17 billion annually. Efforts to reduce that annual cost trimmed it by $2 billion in 2016, commission researchers said in January.
Commercial insurers are also focused on the problem. The University of Pennsylvania Health System's year-old contract with Independence Blue Cross makes Penn financially responsible for hospital readmissions within 30 days of discharge, and pharmacists have a role at Penn as well.
“Pharmacists who work on inpatient units and in outpatient clinics, for example, conduct medication teaching for patients with diseases such as cancer, multiple sclerosis, and rheumatoid arthritis, and a concierge service at several hospitals delivers patients new prescriptions prior to discharge,” said Richard Demers, chief administrative officer for Penn's ambulatory pharmacy services.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Missouri Lottery's "Pick 3 Evening" game were:
5-0-8
(five, zero, eight)
BERLIN Germany's consumer prices, harmonized to compare with other European countries, rose by 0.1 percent in March from the previous month and jumped by 1.5 percent from the previous year, the Federal Statistics Office confirmed on Thursday.
The March reading marked the first slowdown in annual inflation in nearly a year. In February it rose to the highest level since August 2012 and it was the first time since September 2012 that it surpassed the European Central Bank's stability target of just under 2 percent for the euro zone.
On a non-harmonized basis, consumer price inflation for March was also confirmed. The national index rose by 0.2 percent from February and increasing by 1.6 percent from the previous year.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr)
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- AMC has released a trailer for the second half of the eighth season of The Walking Dead, which will kick off on Feb. 25.
The 90-second clip has nearly 2 million views on Facebook and almost another 100,000 hits on YouTube since it was posted Friday. In it, Chandler Riggs' terminally ill teen Carl can be heard telling their father Rick, played by Andrew Lincoln, to stop fighting humans in the zombie apocalypse and strive for a peaceful life.
"Before Mom died, they told me I was going to beat this world. You will," Carl tells Rick, referencing Sarah Wayne Callies' long-dead character Lori, whom Carl shot shortly after they gave birth to their sister because the woman was dying and likely to reanimate as a flesh-eating monster.
This week's preview also shows the drama's central heroes heading to the Hilltop compound where they prepare to fight against villain Negan, played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and their invading minions, the Saviors. King Ezekiel, played by Khary Payton, is captured elsewhere, but appears at peace with the idea of dying since they they saved many of their people.
The first half of Season 8 ended with Carl revealing to Rick that they had been bitten by a zombie on their side, meaning amputation of the infected body part was impossible.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) - The Palestinian envoy in Malaysia says the body of a Hamas militant killed last week in Kuala Lumpur will be repatriated to the Gaza Strip for burial.
Anwar al-Agha said Tuesday that Egypt agreed to allow the body to be returned through its border with Gaza.
Israel's Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman had appealed to Egypt to refuse the Palestinian request. The body is expected to arrive in Gaza on Thursday.
Fadi al-Batsh, an electrical engineering lecturer at a Malaysian university, was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle as they were on their way to a mosque early Saturday.
Hamas, a militant group sworn to Israel's destruction, described al-Batch as a "commander" in its military wing and accused Israel of assassinating him.
Israel has not commented.
AN angry John McGrath pushed WA Liberal Party powerbroker Peter Collier to the ground in the now infamous Rotto Rumble after being told: “You're a cretin. Why don't you retire?”
Liberal sources yesterday spilled the beans on what they say is the real reason the 71-year-old lashed out at Mr Collier at the party's love-in at the Rottnest Hotel on Thursday night.
It's understood Mr McGrath, who has represented South Perth since 2005, was being pressured to retire before the next State election in 2021.
But on their return to the mainland yesterday morning, they told The Sunday Times they aren't going anywhere.
“This is my last term. But I'm going to stick around the whole term,” Mr McGrath said as they stepped off the ferry from Rottnest Island in Fremantle.
“I am here till the next election. I want to see out this term. It is my decision and I have never believed in by-elections. I was elected by the people of South Perth to do a fourth term and that's always been my intention.”
Camera Icon Liberal Party powerbroker Peter Collier. Picture: Trevor Collens
The two senior Liberal MPs have admitted they were involved in a pushing incident on Rottnest but denied they ever came to blows.
An argument ended up with Mr Collier on the floor and their glasses smashed.
Mr McGrath yesterday denied anyone was trying to pressure them to retire early. But informed sources said otherwise. A Liberal source said there was a “lot of tension” about the timing of Mr McGrath's departure.
“There is a lot of tension about John's future in the party,” the source said. “There are a lot of people who believe the party is in need of renewal.
“There are people there (in the Liberal Party) who are not the fresh approach that is needed and there is a belief that they are robbing the party of the opportunity of fresh blood coming in.”
A Liberal who witnessed the incident said Mr McGrath had sworn at Mr Collier and had criticised their role during the 2017 election.
“McGrath was standing over them and said: ‘You're a ----',” the witness said.
“He said something about being sick of this Upper House-Lower House (argument).
“Then they had a crack at them (Collier) about losing the election and being part of the leadership group and that sort of stuff.
“Peter said not a word. They were on the ground. They stayed there until John walked off.
“Collier then gets up. John tries to come back and say ‘sorry' and puts their hand out to shake it, but Peter wouldn't accept their handshake.”
Mr Collier described as “garbage” reports Mr McGrath had sworn at them and that they had called on them to retire.
Mr McGrath refused to comment on what was said during the altercation. But they admitted they aren't happy with the way the election was handled by the leadership group, which Mr Collier was part of.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A judge declared a mistrial Monday in the retrial of an undocumented immigrant accused of being the driver in a San Ysidro, California hit-and-run crash which seriously injured a young boy.
Constantino Banda Acosta was charged with the crash on May 6, 2017.
Investigators said Banda ran a stop sign and crashed their pickup truck into the Lake family's Honda Accord.
6-year-old Lennox Lake was in a child safety seat at the back of the car. They suffered serious head injuries.
Banda left the scene but was arrested about two miles away after Border Patrol agents spotted their damaged truck parked on a street, police said.
During Banda's first trial, their passenger, Jorge Adame Ariza, also an undocumented immigrant from Mexico, testified under a grant of immunity during the defendant's two-day preliminary hearing in June that they and Banda had a number of beers that night before the accident.
Adame said Banda got into a fight with another man outside a Chula Vista restaurant. Adame told them they picked up Banda but later moved into the passenger seat with Banda behind the wheel during the crash.
San Diego police Officer Michael Muniz testified in the first trial that Banda's blood-alcohol content measured .151 and .152 percent -- the legal limit is .08 -- during two breathalyzer tests.
Federal immigration officials said Banda has been deported from the United States at least 15 times over the past 15 years, most recently on January 18.
A judge will decide Friday whether a third trial will take place.
Fort Jackson: The nation's largest basic training base
Fort Jackson, which trains nearly 50,000 recruits a year, is the nation's largest basic training base.
The SP candidate is supported by the entire opposition, including Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Rashtriya Lok Dal, Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party.
It was Lokendra Pratap Singh's death in a road accident in February that had necessitated the bye-elections held on Monday, which saw a 61 per cent voter turnout.
As per the Election Commission, the counting in the Noorpur assembly seat in Bijnore district began amid tight security at 8 a.m.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The latest video from Dundalk comedian Sinead Culbert will strike a chord with any parents who are doing their best to entertain children during the summer holidays.
In the hilarious video Sinead and their comedy partner Sue Collins, better known as the Dirt Birds, share their foolproof ideas for frazzled parents.
The short clip has already received over 29,000 views.
Keep up to date with the Dirt Birds and their upcoming gigs here:
www.facebook.com/DirtBirdsProductions/
READ: www.dundalkdemocrat.ie/video/home/320488/dundalk-comedian-s-hilarious-video-shows-how-irish-people-cope-with-a-heatwave.html
PASADENA, CA (CBS Local) – Flippy, the burger-flipping robot cook, has returned to a California fast food chain. The new and improved Flippy is looking to erase its rocky March debut, when it got a pink slip after just one day on the job.
Miso Robotics sold burger chain CaliBurger on the idea of replacing its kitchen staff with the patty-flipping robots in 2017. “We really think of ourselves as a technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers,” CaliBurger founder John Miller said at the time.
However, Flippy's 2018 debut didn't go as planned. The automated grill operator couldn't keep up with the demand customers at the Pasadena restaurant had for a robot-cooked burger. Flippy was shut down on March 9 after its first day when it couldn't flip enough patties or properly put them on the serving trays.
“We got a little ahead of ourselves,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told USA Today, admitting they “were overwhelmed by the response.”
Flippy the robot's burgers may be better than yours https://t.co/xEtdqfgPP4 pic.twitter.com/B4zdDUVxOm — USA TODAY Tech (@usatodaytech) May 25, 2018
After two months on the shelf, Flippy's creators say the robot is ready for the kitchen again. It's already handling the chain's lunch shift, cooking burgers for three hours a day, seven days a week.
“Now they move like a ninja and is more reliable,” Zito added.
CaliBurger says that it still plans to have the upgraded Flippy robots in 50 of its locations by 2019. Each robot reportedly costs between $60,000 and $100,000.
The robotics company insisted that their robot is not meant to put humans out of work and said humans are still needed to help Flippy operate in the kitchen. “Our mission is to improve working conditions of chefs and line cooks with assistants, not replace them,” Zito said via CBS News.
Looking to do something for the environment on Earth Day on Saturday? How about cleaning things up?
Brighton Anglers is sponsoring the third annual Provo River Clean Up and barbecue Saturday for all ages.
Meet at Vivian Park in the middle of Provo Canyon at 9 a.m. for assignments. The event will run until 3 p.m. with a free barbecue for supporters starting at noon.
Attendees are requested to safely collect trash along the Provo River and deliver it to Vivian Park. In exchange for their garbage, they will be given one voucher for a free lunch between noon and 2 p.m. and a prize drawing for a 2:30 p.m. drawing.
People in Gloucestershire, England throw themselves down Cooper's Hill at the annual cheese-rolling contest. Looks painful!
Work began today on wholesale changes to one of Gloucester's busiest roads.
Almost a mile of Bristol Road, from the Tuffley Avenue junction down to Woodrow Way, where Pets at Home is based, is being overhauled by highways contractors working for Gloucestershire County Council.
Van flips onto roof in rush hour crash at major Gloucester junction
New crossings including traffic islands, adjustments to make it cycle-friendly and surface dressing are all taking place - and it lasts until September 15.
A county council spokesperson said the work is "essential" and, while the road will stay open, much of it will be under temporary traffic lights.
Councillor Vernon Smith, cabinet member for highways and flood, said: “We are continuing to invest in the county's vital road network. Upgrading this important route within Gloucester, and in particular making the improvements for cyclists, is important to keep our county moving.”
Homeowner's anger after sugar lorry's sat-nav leads driver to wedge it between two houses
“I'd like to thank road users, local residents and businesses in advance for their patience during this work. We will limit the disruption as much as possible.”
Councillor Pam Tracey, the ward member for Hempsted and Westage, said: “These are much needed improvements that will make a real difference to local people. I'm sure the residents and businesses will be as pleased as I am.”
The full works involved are:
A US-based contractor recently revealed that an anti-drone system has been sold to and fielded by a client with the US Department of Defense.
Sierra Nevada Corporation led a team to develop an anti-drone warfare system that utilizes electronic warfare technology attached to the bed of a pickup truck to take down unmanned aerial system (UAS) threats. Sierra Nevada provides the electronic warfare capability, Ascent Vision brings electro-optical technology, and Israel-based RADA Technologies adds in radar, Defense News' Jen Judson reported May 25 after speaking with an executive from Sierra Nevada.
The anti-drone system was on display atop a Chevy pickup truck at the Special Operations Forces Industry Conference in Tampa Bay, Florida, last week.
Sierra Nevada says the system is ready to neutralize the most common threat experienced by its unidentified customer within the Pentagon, but the system's ability to tackle potentially emerging UAS and UAV systems is unknown.
"We recognize the effectiveness of the system is only as good as our knowledge of the threats that exist out there around the globe," Jerry Coburn of Sierra Nevada told Defense News. "And currently those are largely commercial off-the-shelf."
Coburn said the DoD client uses a "fixed configuration" of the counter-drone system, but that it can be adapted to fit on top of a boat or palette as well as vehicles.
The company is also looking to sell its product to non-Pentagon customers inside the US such as law enforcement agencies and border patrol, Defense News added.
While terror groups have been known to attach improvised explosives onto commercially available UAVs, a German intelligence official warned last year that cheap UAVs can also "drop some dirty explosive devices" containing radioactive material.
"Even if only a few people are affected, it serves completely the idea of terrorism," said Friedrich Grommes, director of the international terrorism desk at Germany's Federal Intelligence Service.
0 Austin bombings Q&A: What are the distinctive traits of a serial bomber?
What would make a person create a bomb, set it to go off then deliver it to a victim?
A variety of things, according to a forensic psychiatrist who has studied some of the worst killers society has ever seen.
According to Dr. Mark Welner, a leading forensic psychiatrist and chairperson of The Forensic Panel, a person (almost always a male) who would set a bomb to kill someone is interested in “spectacle through destruction,” hoping that news cameras are rolling following the explosion.
>> Read more trending news
Welner is a clinical professor of psychiatry at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and is the developer of the Depravity Standard (www.depravitystandard.org ), which delineates traits of the worst of murderers. The Forensic Panel is a practice that works on complex homicides around the United States.
We asked Welner to explain the influences behind what may drive a serial bomber and the traits most common to bombers.
Q: Are there traits common to serial bombers?
A: Male, detail-oriented, motivated by spectacle through destruction as opposed to merely destructiveness. They take pride in abilities and planning, is socially isolated and quiet, and feels themselves as unsuccessful in intimacy. They have a keen awareness of media and its tendencies in reporting.
>>Austin package bombings: Friends remember victims Draylen Mason, Anthony House
Q: Have you seen anything in the coverage of these bombings that would be helpful in identifying the bomber?
A: The most important aspect of coverage is to enlist the community to be vigilant and to watch their communities, film with their smart phones to capture the out-of-the-ordinary, and to report what is suspicious. Serial violent offenders are often identified by tips from people who spotted something or someone who does not add up.
Also, the more vigilant a community is catching such a perpetrator, the harder it is for such an offender to attack without being identified. And the serial bomber does not want to be caught. It is best to keep the focus on the initiatives and collectiveness of a community to work together.
Q: A different bomb trigger – a tripwire – was used in the bombing on Sunday night. The first three attacks involved suspicious packages left on doorsteps. The bomb in the package that exploded Sunday was left on the side of a road. Would a bomber “stick to their script” and not change the way they delivered bombs, or would you be concerned that there was a “copycat: bomber who put the latest bomb by the side of the road?
A: Both are possibilities. … Historically, a serial bomber with a passion and training in explosives will be able to shift methods to take advantage of materials available and opportunities to offend without being caught.
Q: Police said the bomber is trying to “send a message.” Do serial bombers want to send a message generally, or are they only interested in destruction and murder?
A: Bombers create a spectacle to draw attention. They may be motivated to draw attention to themselves and their power to hold a community in fear, or may attach to a cause to draw attention to it. The key point is that a spectacle killer is destructively motivated even before the crimes begin, but attaches to a cause that they think justifies violence.
Q: The first victims were African American and Hispanic. Do you think the bomber is targeting only those groups? Is that something a serial bomber generally does, or are victims randomly chosen?
A: Those who have chosen to bomb, pick targets for their own reasons. The rationale may or may not make sense to the rest of us. But it makes sense to them. If ethnicities are targeted, it may be driven by a desire to instigate violent race conflict, as Joseph Paul Franklin (a serial killer who, in addition to murdering several people, also shot and wounded business person Vernon Jordan and Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt) told me they intended when I interviewed him. Likewise, since spectacle murderers are attempting to manipulate the media as much as anything, the bomber and whomever is assisting them may be attempting to manipulate a news cycle by staging violence that inflames racial divisions, or what some call a “false flag.”
An Austin police officer directs a vehicle away from the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. N. Wagner/Austin American-Statesman/AP
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, shakes hands with Premier Li Keqiang after Li was re-elected as Premier during a plenary meeting of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Sunday, March 18, 2018. China's ceremonial legislature appointed Premier Li Keqiang, the No. 2 leader of the ruling Communist Party, to a second five-year term Sunday and approved the appointment of a director for a new anti-corruption agency with sweeping powers. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, shakes hands with Premier Li Keqiang after Li was re-elected as Premier during a plenary meeting of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Sunday, March 18, 2018. China's ceremonial legislature appointed Premier Li Keqiang, the No. 2 leader of the ruling Communist Party, to a second five-year term Sunday and approved the appointment of a director for a new anti-corruption agency with sweeping powers. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
BEIJING (AP) - China's ceremonial legislature appointed Premier Li Keqiang, the No. 2 leader of the ruling Communist Party, to a second five-year term Sunday and approved the appointment of a director for a new anti-corruption agency with sweeping powers.
National People's Congress delegates voted 2,964 to 2 to approve Li's appointment. The vote came a day after party leader Xi Jinping was reappointed China's president with no limits on how many terms they can serve.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official, but Xi, the country's most dominant leader since Mao Zedong, has stripped Li of many of the post's most prominent duties by appointing themselves to lead party bodies that oversee economic reform and state industry.
The legislature also approved the appointment of Yang Xiaodu as director for the National Supervisory Commission, created from a merger of the party's internal anti-graft watchdog with one that oversees civil servants. It will have the power to detain suspects for up to six months without seeking court approval.
Political analysts see the creation of the anti-graft agency as part of efforts to enforce party control over an increasingly complex society and government.
A marathon anti-corruption campaign led by Xi has snared thousands of government officials and managers of state companies.
Xi has been steadily tightening central control over the government and state industry while also stepping up efforts to crush dissent.
On Saturday, a key Xi ally, Wang Qishan, was appointed to the previously ceremonial post of vice president.
The logo of a Petronas fuel station is seen with the Petronas Twin Towers in the background in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Picture taken February 10, 2016. REUTERS/Olivia Harris
SINGAPORE Malaysia's Petronas has pitched an estimated $1 billion stake in a prized upstream local gas project to potential bidders including Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L), ExxonMobil Corp (XOM.N), Thailand's PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP.BK) and Japanese firms, sources familiar with the matter said.
If successful, the deal could mark Petronas' biggest upstream stake sale since oil prices started declining more than two years ago. Petronas is targeting lowering operating expenses, job cuts and project rollbacks to help it navigate through the low oil price environment.
Citing sources, Reuters reported in February that Petronas was considering selling a stake of as much as 49 percent in the SK316 offshore gas block in Malaysia's Sarawak state.
The state-owned oil and gas company has approached about a dozen prospective buyers including global oil majors and Asian firms focussed on Southeast Asia, said the sources, who declined to be identified as the talks are private.
They said Petronas has begun providing financial and operational data to the companies and expects to receive bids over the next few weeks.
"It's just what the environment is. Nobody wants to keep all the risk on their books," said Vikas Halan, senior credit officer, corporate finance group at Moody's, adding they viewed the move as a rebalancing of Petronas' portfolio.
"Petronas is the leader in the oil and gas space, especially on the gas side. The experience of getting or producing LNG and marketing LNG is quite an interesting one and Petronas becomes a logical choice for players," they said.
In a statement to Reuters, Petronas said that through its subsidiary, Petronas Carigali Sdn Bhd, it is looking for partners who can bring the technology and capabilities to explore, develop and efficiently operate the various fields and opportunities in the SK316 offshore gas block.
"We are confident that we will attract the right partners to maximise the potential value of these opportunities to help meet the world's growing oil and gas demand," Petronas said.
It was not immediately known what the individual companies' response to Petronas' approach was.
One financial source said a minority stake might not appeal to non-Asian oil majors but a decision to bid would depend on details of the stake being offered, valuations and the potential for long term partnerships with Petronas.
ExxonMobil declined to comment, while Shell referred the query to Petronas. A spokesperson for PTTEP declined to comment on the deal but said the company was keen to invest in Southeast Asia because it had expertise in the region where costs and risks were low.
Gas from the NC3 field in the SK316 block feeds Malaysia's LNG export project, known as LNG 9, Petronas' joint venture with JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corp (5020.T) that began commercial production in January.
Petronas could use the funds from the stake sale to develop the Kasawari field in the same block. The field is one of the largest non-associated gas fields in Malaysia and has an estimated recoverable hydrocarbon resource of about three trillion standard cubic feet.
"Kasawari will require a significant capital investment to develop due to the high CO2 content," said Prasanth Kakaraparthi, senior upstream research analyst at consultancy Wood Mackenzie.
"In a lower-for-longer oil price world, it makes commercial sense for Petronas to farm down its interest and partner with companies that have innovative CO2 handling technology," they said.
Petronas put on hold plans to develop the field in 2015 after oil and gas prices fell, according to media reports.
(Reporting by Anshuman Daga and Gloystein Henning in SINGAPORE; Additional reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi in KUALA LUMPUR, Jessica Jaganathan in SINGAPORE, Satawasin Staporncharnchai in BANGKOK; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Manchester City star Raheem Sterling missed an easy goal against Burnley FC Saturday while just a few feet from an open net.
The play happened in the 72nd minute of the Premier League match at Turf Moor in Burnley, England.
City defender Kyle Walker took a through ball down the right side of the pitch to start the play with their team leading 1-0. They fired a cross through the box, finding an unmanned Sterling at the far post.
Sterling was staring at an empty net, as Burnley keeper Nick Pope was out of position on the wrong side of the goal. Instead of tapping the ball in, Sterling deflected it with their boot and sent the shot wide.
City left Turf Moor with a draw, instead of picking up the three points for a victory.
Danilo put in the first goal for the visitors in the 22nd minute when they ripped a right footed shot from outside the box. Their attempt sailed into the upper right corner, beating a diving Pope. Johann Berg Guomundsson drilled the equalizer in the second half when they finished a volley in the 82nd minute.
"Football is football, the next day they could score, remember they scored against Southampton in the 96th minute," they said. "In football this can happen," City manager Pep Guardiola said after the match, according to the team website.
"We will focus on the next one, in football this can happen. In the last 10 minutes, we were not able to convert but we will learn from our performance."
"We dropped two points but we came here to play."
The Premier League leaders host Leicester City at 12:30 a.m. Feb. 10 at Etihad Stadium.
Great design and planning is just the beginning of a better life at
Godrej Golf Links
. Here, you'll find the perfect balance of green living with an activity-driven, urban lifestyle. From the sprawling 9-hole golf course to cafes, convenience stores, and a sports arena to polish your swimming, tennis, cricket and basketball skills, we've fitted the entire township with amenities that are as indulgent as they are thoughtful. Step in and you''ll never have to step out again. Poised for immense commercial growth, with well-planned residential layouts, wide roads, faster connectivity via the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway and the upcoming metro, Greater Noida also has the best international schools and fully-equipped hospitals.
Godrej Golf Links by Godrej Properties Ltd. is located at an upcoming area Sector 27 in Noida. The abode is aesthetically carved for the ultimate comfort of the dweller. Each and every room in the apartment is breezy. The architects have made optimum utilization of space in the apartments. You are bound to feel lively in the bright rooms here with ample natural light. The positive aura of the apartment will enliven you all through the day. Being located at Sector 27 in Noida, all your day-to-day requirements are taken care of. For a blessed life with your family move into Godrej Golf Links Villas by Godrej Properties Ltd.
1. Strategic Location Advantages of
Godrej Golf Links
Himalayan Mountain Structure
Walking Tracks
Commercial Street with fine line options
9 Hole Golf View, Golf Parks,
Open Air Theater cum Drive in Cinema
Playful Paving Patterns, Sand Bed, Climbing Walls, Trampoline Area, Skating Areas and Mini Running Track
Sculpture Parks and Palm lined gateway
High Security
Gated Community
Commercial Street with fine line options
Project Amenities of
Godrej Golf Links
Spa where you can get a good massage on a relaxing weekend in Godrej Golf Links luxurious Apartments
Yoga Space to help you stay mentally and physically fit
Multiutility Clubhouse for fun filled evenings with family and friends
Godrej Properties – The Best Top Developer of India
Godrej Properties Ltd. follows the Godrej Group's philosophy of Innovation and Excellence in the Real Estate Industry. Godrej Properties Ltd. is the First Real Estate Company to have achieved ISO Certification. The company is currently developing landmark projects in 12 cities across India. With projects that span across the country, the company's upcoming development covers 74 million square feet. To create landmark structures, Godrej Properties Ltd. collaborates with outstanding associates and reputed names. Over the last few years, Godrej Properties Ltd. has received over 50 awards and recognitions for developing residential, commercial and township projects. The company aims to deliver superior value to all stakeholders through extraordinary and imaginative spaces created out of deep customer focus and insight.
Insights Into Neighbourhood of
Godrej Golf Links
Godrej Golf Links Apartments is probably located at the best address in Sector 27 Greater Noida, just next door to the Jaypee Green Golf course & Knowledge Park. Metro Station at door step and close proximity to the Yamuna expressway and many other boosters, makes commuting easier & comfortable. When coming from the Delhi Side, one need to reach Pari Chowk, take right turn on Surajpur Kasna Road and take the left turn on Kasna Gol chakkar, after driving few meters on this road take another left turn and now you reached to this property just opposite to the Jaypee Green Golf Course.Emergence of Greater Noida as a commercial hub and have the benefits of excellent connectivity to different parts of Delhi NCR, it has got very super infrastructure like Noida – Greater Noida expressway (offers seamless connectivity between Delhi Noida & Greater Noida), Yamuna Expressway (Noida and Greater Noida to the rest of UP), FNG Expressway (this nearing completion project will connect Noida with every corner of Delhi NCR) and Upcoming Metro Station (This metro corridor will give convenient and fast connectivity from every part of Delhi, Gurgaon, Ghaziabad and Faridabad). Now Greater Noida has experienced a boom in the residential property market and has appeared as one of NCR's best residential micro markets, offering excellent returns for investors. It is estimated that the number of working professionals in this region will raise manifolds in the next few years or so, which will increase residential property demand as a result.
Features Of This
Godrej Golf Links Apartments Project
1. Golf Theme based project spread over 100 acres with 9 hole golf course.
2. Near Pari Chowk and next to Jaypee's famous golf course.
3. Extremely strategic location. (check the link in following para about location). It is right in the heart of fully developed city, surrounded by top of the line residential, commercial and recreation development around.
4. Primarily a villa based project though a smaller part will be having few apartments also.
5. This project will be in multiple phases (4 phases).
6. The early birds in phase one will have a definitive advantage over others who join the community later.
7. Very high-end individual club in each phase and one super club for the complete project.
8. Very aggressive prices in initial phases.
9. 70000 to 90000 sqft Club
10. Modern golf township
11. Location: Sector 27, Greater Noida.
12. Buddh International Circuit nearby
We,SRK Residency PVT. LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home in Godrej Golf Links Apartments. We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions. We completely understand your home requirements. Better and valuing your time, we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs. SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers.
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this Godrej Golf Links Apartments project , Kindly Contact us @ +91-9810047296, +91-9810009987, (UK)442035145468, (USA)+16466264218
We http://www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes.
For best offer, Kindly Contact us for apartments.
http://godrejs-elements.com | http://godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http://godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http://www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej
Booking Starts Now. Call us at +919810047296
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi
Godrej Meridien Gurgaon
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore
Godrej Golf Links
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) - Standing on the field at the Miami Dolphins' stadium, Serena Williams used a two-hand grip to stick their shovel in the dirt, flashed a smile and flicked a forehand.
When they come back, they plan to be holding a racket.
On the eve of the Miami Open on Key Biscayne, the tournament held a groundbreaking ceremony Monday at its future site - the Dolphins' stadium. The tournament will move there in 2019, and the draw is expected to include Williams, an eight-time champion who now has a financial stake because they own a small share of the Dolphins.
"She'll probably be the first person to win a tennis tournament they own," Dolphins majority owner Stephen Ross said with a laugh.
Ross overcame much skepticism to swing a deal for the move. The tournament has been held since 1987 on Key Biscayne, but a 2015 appeals court decision prevented upgrades to the complex there, raising speculation the Miami Open might leave South Florida, with potential sites ranging from South America to China.
Ross reached out to Mark Shapiro, co-president of IMG, which owns the tournament, and proposed moving it 18 miles north to the Dolphins' home.
"Mark thought I was crazy - 'What do you mean? It's a football stadium?'" Ross said. "Most people when I spoke to them about the idea said, 'It's crazy. It's not going to happen." But I think we're going to create one of the truly great sports venues in the world. And this is going to be the greatest tennis tournament in the world."
Williams nodded as Ross spoke.
"I thought Steve was crazy too, for the record," Williams said. "But he's a visionary and always thinking out of the box, and it's such a great idea. We want this to be the best tournament ever."
Ross spent $500 million on recent stadium renovations, including a canopy, and now the backhoes and front-end loaders have returned. While the ceremonial groundbreaking was Monday, work began weeks ago to construct outer courts and a spectator plaza in the parking lot adjacent to the stadium.
Center court will be in the stadium, with the net over the 50-yard line. Most of the seats will be temporary to create a 13,800-seat showcase court in a building that can hold 65,000. Fabric screens will help hide unused seats.
Ross swears it will work. And others attending the ceremony insisted the new complex represents progress for the tournament, even if the spectacular drive over Biscayne Bay to the island of Key Biscayne can't be replicated in a suburban setting.
"We're talking about a footprint here that is really unimaginable, filled with music and art and culinary attractions and culture for families," Shapiro said. "It will be much, much more than just tennis. Every aspect of the tournament will be improved."
New tournament director James Blake agreed.
"We'll have more practice courts, better facilities, better locker rooms, cutting edge video screens, more parking," Blake said. "Every single aspect is going to be an upgrade."
Williams, along with the other pros, will play on Key Biscayne for a final time beginning with their first-round match Wednesday. They grew up 90 minutes to the north in Palm Beach Gardens, attended the tournament as a youngster and has long considered it their hometown event.
"When I heard they were going to move it, it literally broke my heart," they said. "I'm so happy this tournament is still going to be in Miami."
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
PawSox news release...
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — Bryce Brentz blasted the Pawtucket Red Sox to an early lead, but the Syracuse Chiefs overcame a four-run deficit and topped the PawSox, 7-6, on Wednesday night at NBT Bank Stadium.
Pawtucket (32-29) built a 5-1 fifth-inning lead, but the Chiefs (20-41) used a three-run sixth and a three-run eighth to nab the win in the third meeting of the four-game set. Pawtucket, which had won 10 consecutive games over Syracuse, had won 16 of its last 20 overall (including eight of the previous nine).
Brentz went 2-for-4 with a double, a walk and their team-leading 12th home run of the season. After reaching what they acknowledged was “rock bottom” offensively during a late-May road trip, Brentz added a toe tap to their swing. Quite simply, since implementing that adjustment May 23, Brentz has been one of the very best hitters in the league. Entering Wednesday, Brentz ranked second in OPS (1.180), second in slugging percentage (.710) and third in on-base percentage (.470) during that stretch.
PawSox right fielder Brian Bogusevic (3-for-4) recorded their first three-hit game of the season, while second baseman Mike Miller (3-for-4) continued their hot stretch. With a pair of doubles, designated hitter Rusney Castillo extended their hitting streak to 11 games, tied for the longest by any Pawtucket player this season.
Fresh off a nine-inning shutout in their last outing, PawSox starter Shawn Haviland ceded four runs (three earned) on just three hits but five walks in 5.1 innings. The 31-year old right-hander didn't allow a hit until there were two outs in the bottom of the fourth. Relievers Ty Buttrey (1.2 IP, 2 R) and Kyle Martin (L, 0-3; 1 IP, 1 R) combined for four walks.
Pawtucket tagged Syracuse starter A.J. Cole for five runs on eight hits and a walk in five innings. Chiefs top prospect Erick Fedde (W, 1-0) allowed a run on three hits in the eighth in their Triple-A debut but earned the win. Right-hander Wander Suero (S, 1) picked up the save.
PawSox center fielder Steve Selsky started the second with a single and moved to third on a groundout and an infield single. They then handed Pawtucket a 1-0 lead when they scored on a sacrifice fly from third baseman Matt Dominguez.
Brentz scalded a double off the center-field wall to begin the fourth and later came in to score on an RBI groundout from Bogusevic, pushing the lead to 2-0. Dominguez then laced an RBI single into left-center to reel in catcher Blake Swihart.
The Chiefs grabbed a run in the home half of the fourth. After working a pair of two-out walks, catcher Jhonatan Solano rolled an RBI single up the middle to trim the gap to 3-1.
In the fifth, Brentz rocketed a line-drive, two-run home run to right field to make it 5-1.
Syracuse sliced the deficit to 5-3 in the bottom of the sixth when center fielder Andrew Stevenson tagged a two-run triple to right-center to chase Haviland. The Chiefs then made it a one-run game on a hard-hit ball to short that was ruled an error on Pawtucket's Ryan Court.
Castillo forged some breathing room in the eighth when they golfed an RBI double off the left-field wall to score Miller from first, making it 6-4.
The Chiefs, however, pulled within one again, 6-5, in the bottom of the eighth thanks to a Solano RBI single sprayed to right. Syracuse then loaded the bases, and first baseman Brandon Snyder delivered a decisive two-run double to deep center to vault the Chiefs ahead 7-6.
Pawtucket concludes its four-game series at Syracuse on Thursday at 6:35 p.m. Pawtucket left-hander Jalen Beeks (1-1, 3.75) is scheduled to oppose Chiefs righty Sean O'Sullivan (0-0, 3.00)
SANTA ANA, Calif. – Actor Harrison Ford flew over the top of a commercial airplane while landing their private aircraft after being instructed to use another location at John Wayne Airport on Monday, a source confirmed to KTLA.
The incident at the Santa Ana airport was first reported by NBC News and the source confirmed the information is accurate.
The mixup could result in the actor losing their pilot license, the news agency reported.
Air traffic controllers cleared Ford, who was piloting a single-engine Aviat Husky, to land on runway 20-L at the airport and Ford correctly read back the clearance, the source said.
Ford then landed on a taxiway that runs parallel to the runway and flew over a Boeing 737.
NBC News reported that the American Airlines plane had 110 passengers and a six-person crew. The plane was able to safely take off to Dallas shortly after the incident, according to NBC News.
An air traffic control recording captured Ford asking “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” NBC reported, and air traffic controllers told the actor that they had landed on the taxiway.
The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating the incident. The mishap could result in anything from a simple warning to suspension of Ford's pilot license, the news agency reported.
Ford, 74, has been involved in several crashes, including one in Venice on March 2015.
They were piloting a small World War II era-plane when they crashed at a city golf course in Venice.
They underwent surgery after the incident and eventually recovered.
The actor crash-landed a helicopter in Ventura County during a lesson in 1999, NBC News reported.
One year later, Ford's six-seater Beechcraft Bonanza scraped the runway during an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska.
KTLA's Jennifer Thang contributed to this story.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defence with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
"We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals," U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing their first international match since they turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with their left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of their right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off their line, Pulisic used the outside of their right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with their right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for their eighth goal in 19 international appearances, their fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when they played the ball between their feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the centre backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for their first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
STONY BROOK, N.Y. — Jason Dunne scored 20 points, J.R. Lynch 19, including five of six free throws in the final minute and Hartford held off a surging Stony Brook 73-64 Saturday night, winning a third straight.
Hartford (14-10, 7-3 America East Conference) led by as many as 14 midway through the second half before Stony Brook whittled the lead to 62-58 with 2:39 remaining. The Hawks never let Stony Brook get closer, immediately extending the lead back to seven points when Lynch hit a 3-pointer.
John Carroll added 12 points and 11 rebounds for Hartford, which never trailed though Stony Brook fought into four ties. The Hawks are tied for second place in the AEC.
Akwasi Yeboah led the Seawolves (8-16, 3-7) with 23 points, UC Iroegbu added 12 and Elijah Olaniyi 10 points and 10 rebounds for their first double-double. Stony Brook has dropped five straight, losing by 2, 3, 4, 7 and 9 points.
The killer moved in plain sight on the foggy morning of Sept. 6, 1982, in the tiny southeast Alaskan fishing village of Craig.
Hours after shooting their eight victims with what police believe was a .22-caliber pistol or rifle, they fired up the engines on the 58-foot fishing boat Investor, waving nonchalantly to a nearby skipper as they moved the vessel — with their victims' bodies inside — to a secluded bay a mile outside of town.
They motored back to the weather-beaten docks in the Investor's skiff, returning the next afternoon with a can of gasoline to set the craft ablaze before speeding back to town and then vanishing. Authorities would later describe the suspect as a white male in their early 20s with a pockmarked complexion.
“When I got there [to the boat], black smoke was coming out of the wheelhouse, but there was nobody on deck,” former Craig police chief Ray Shapley recalls in a story about the Investor killings in this week's issue of PEOPLE. “It made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.”
Thirty-five years later, the slaying of skipper Mark Coulthurst and their pregnant wife, Irene, both 28, along with their children Kimberly, 5, and John, 4, and four deckhands — Chris Heyman, 18; and Jerome Keown, Dean Moon and Mike Stewart, all 19 — remains Alaska's worst unsolved mass homicide.
The case will be featured on Monday night's People Magazine Investigates on Investigation Discovery and the episode is exclusively previewed above.
• For more on this case, subscribe to PEOPLE or pick up this week's issue, on newsstands now, and watch People Magazine Investigates: Murder at Sea on Monday, Dec. 11, at 10 p.m. ET on Investigation Discovery.
A painting of the doomed Investor James Williamson
From left: Irene and Mark Coulthurst Courtesy Laurie Hart
Chris Heyman KVOS CHANNEL 12 FILMS/CPNWS/WESTERN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY
One of Coulthurst's former deckhands, John Peel, was charged with the crimes in 1984. But after two headline-grabbing murder trials — reportedly the most expensive in state history — they were found not guilty of the homicides and Alaska police are no longer looking for the killer.
“The case is closed,” says Tim DeSpain, spokesperson for the Alaska State Troopers.
“It was a pretty damn good investigation,” explains former Bellingham, Washington, police detective David McNeill, who helped Alaskan authorities investigate the case.
They continue, “Just because someone is acquitted doesn't mean they're innocent, just means there's not enough evidence to show guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.”
Peel sued the state of Alaska for wrongful prosecution and received a $900,000 financial settlement. They call the case “a tragedy that just got compounded and compounded.”
From left: Kimberly Coulthurst, John Coulthurst and Mike Stewart Courtesy Laurie Hart
Jerome Keown (left) and Dean Moon Dave Freeman
For those whose lives were upended by the killings, including Peel, the Investor slayings remain a painful, chilling cloud that refuses to lift.
“You never stop thinking about them,” says Dave Freeman, who grew up with deckhands Moon and Keown.
“The shock of losing everyone really tore up our town,” Freeman says.
Says Keown's brother Brian: “I still get choked up.”
People Magazine Investigates: Murder at Sea airs Monday (10 p.m. ET) on Investigation Discovery.
Work begins on Subiaco's newest high school The West Australian
Once complete, the school will open to 2000 students.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JIM THORPE -- A man from Carbon County was sentenced Friday on child sex charges.
This man Jared "Chubby" Weiss, 22, received nine to 18 years in prison and must register as a sexual offender.
Weiss pleaded guilty last year to aggravated indecent assault of a victim under 13.
Scroll for more content...
Roe v. Wade, the landmark opinion that legalized abortion, has always had one very unlikely critic: Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
In appearances over the years they have said that the opinion -- decided before they reached the bench -- went too far too fast.
Instead of sticking with the extreme Texas law at issue in the case, the Supreme Court issued a sweeping opinion in 1973 that called into question statutes in every state.
Ginsburg, who before taking the bench dedicated their career to gender equality, wrote in a 1985 law review article that the "sweep and detail" of the opinion would stimulate "the mobilization of a right-to-life movement."
They got that right.
Now, some 45 years later, the opinion will undoubtedly play a central role in the hearings for President Donald Trump's second Supreme Court nominee. The President themselves triggered the debate by promising the "judges will be pro-life" in a 2016 interview on CBS.
As they interview potential candidates behind closed doors, the debate over the landmark opinion rages on.
Liberals are trying to peel off the votes of Republican senators who support abortion rights. They are demanding that senators look past a nominee's vague statements about the respect for court precedent.
Conservatives, on the other hand, particularly those who oppose abortion rights, want reassurances from the White House that they are getting the best pick possible. And they have only days until the rollout next Monday to make sure.
As things stand, two top candidates are Judges Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett, according to sources familiar. Shortlists change, however. Neil Gorsuch was not the immediate favorite last time around. An initial front-runner was William H. Pryor Jr., a judge on the 11th US Circuit Court of Appeals. But Pryor had called Roe an "abomination" and declined to back away from the statement at their confirmation hearing. They ultimately never got an audience with the President.
Last weekend, Sen. Susan Collins, a Maine Republican who's a supporter of abortion rights, told CNN's Jake Tapper that they would not "support a nominee who demonstrated hostility to Roe v. Wade because that would mean to me that their judicial philosophy did not include a respect for established decisions, established law."
Under Collins' rules, Pryor would be a no-go.
But liberals say senators should not disregard a nominee's record just because they've expressed an appreciation for court precedent.
"Hostility to Roe cannot be the standard," said Chris Kang of the liberal group Demand Justice. They noted that "very few judges who would overturn Roe" would publicly "come right out and say that."
"Instead, they vote to uphold every anti-abortion law they can and leave breadcrumbs in their writings about precedent," they said.
Kang points to concerns with Barrett's scholarship concerning precedent.
"The question remains whether overruling precedent affects the Court's actual legitimacy," Barrett wrote for the Texas Law Review in 2013.
"Does the Court act lawlessly -- or at least questionably -- when it overrules precedent? I tend to agree with those who say that a justice's duty is to the Constitution and that it is thus more legitimate for them to enforce their best understanding of the Constitution rather than a precedent they think clearly in conflict with it," Barrett wrote.
Kang fears that is a signal that Barrett would strike Roe.
In another article, however, written for Notre Dame Magazine in 2013, Barrett, then a professor at the school, said they believed it "very unlikely" that the court would ever overturn Roe.
As liberals are devastated by the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, conservatives are delighted.
Critics of abortion rights have remained largely silent on the President's potential pick. Catherine Glenn Foster, the president and CEO of Americans United for Life, issued a statement on Monday calling a choice between Kavanaugh and Barrett a "good problem" since both, they said, "are committed constitutionalists."
But a source who opposes abortion rights who was willing to speak only on background said Barrett should be the top pick. The source said concerns had been expressed privately with the White House about a case Kavanaugh recently decided concerning an undocumented teen in US custody who sought an abortion. Ultimately, Kavanaugh's court voted in favor of the teen and they dissented. But some said their dissent should have gone further.
That confuses their supporters, including one who said on background that Kavanaugh's dissent was vigorous and had adopted all of the Trump administration's arguments that had been presented in the case.
"In any other circumstance the opinion would have been hailed as a solid and comprehensive opinion, and the only reason that is not happening here is because people are trying to find any daylight they can to criticize their record," the source said.
"It's not there," the source added.
As for the President, they have said they won't ask a nominee for their or their views on the subject.
"As the President said last week, he's not going to talk to judges about specific cases, he's looking for individuals that have the right intellect, the right temperament and will uphold the Constitution," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Monday.
April 13 Denis Chem Lab Ltd
* Says to raise funds upto an aggregate value not exceeding 200 million rupees
* Says to obtain approval of members to increase its authorised share capital to INR 160 million Source text - (bit.ly/2pbh6Nn) Further company coverage:
MOUNT BETHEL, Pa. — Bob Dorough, the man responsible for some of the most beloved tunes on the cartoon series “Schoolhouse Rock!” died Monday at their home in Mt. Bethel, Pennsylvania. Dorough was 94.
In the YouTube video below, Dorough can be seen performing “Conjunction Junction” at the The Deer Head Inn in Delaware Water Gap, PA.
Dorough made other appearances in the Poconos, including East Stroudsburg University and various jazz festivals in the region, according to the Morning Call.
The jazz pianist and vocalist was approached in 1971 by a New York advertising executive whose sons could not multiply. They asked them to set the multiplication tables to music.
Dorough ended up writing “Three's a Magic Number” and other well known videos. They also voiced many of them.
Dorough would receive requests from adults to sing some of the bits because they grew up on them — often times recognizing their voice.
“I am not surprised at all (that the videos still resonate),” Dorough told CNN in 2013. “I learned, when performing at elementary schools, that they were ‘getting through,' so to speak, and the children would readily recognize my voice on such vocals as ‘Three is a Magic Number,' and others that I sang.
“However, what surprised me most was the impact of network television, which kicked in years later, after we'd been on air at ABC-TV. Thirteen years, plus a second round, helped us to reach literally thousands, in a rather broad age spectrum.”
“Schoolhouse Rock” premiered on Jan. 13, 1973, and ran on ABC from 1973-1985. It came back in the 1990s for five more years. More than 30 million people have now watched some of them on YouTube, showing that Dorough's work still resonates.
It is not just the catchy words that connected with kids. They were combined with interesting visuals.
One spot featured a talking “bill” that explained to a boy how they could only become a law by passing both houses of Congress and then going to the White House hoping the president would sign him.
“Conjunction Junction” used train cars named “and,” “but” and “or” that illustrated how a conjunction connected words.
Asked why the videos connected, Dorough said, “The melodies, words, arrangements, and players. That is to say, even though they were in a ‘rock' or ‘pop' bag, my jazz sensibilities and the fine musicians I used for the audio recordings made the songs seem unusual to the Saturday morning cartoon listeners.”
Just last week, there was a vivid example of just how popular the videos remain.
More than a thousand people — adults who wanted to relive part of their childhood and parents who wanted to share the fun with their kids — jammed into the lobby of the Kennedy Center to hear Dorough sing “Three's a Magic Number” and “Figure Eight is Double 4.”
“I came because I had such fond, intense memories,” said Amy Augenblick, who brought their 9-year-old daughter, Elizabeth. “I could sing all of it without the words.”
“If you were a 90's kid, chances are there was a point in time when AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) was a huge part of your life. You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists. Right now you might be reminiscing about how you had to compete for time on the home computer in order to chat with friends outside of school,” Michael Albers, VP of Communications Product at Oath, writes on the aimemories Tumblr. “You might also remember how characters throughout pop culture from ‘You've Got Mail' to ‘Sex and the City' used AIM to help navigate their relationships. In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us.”
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed. As a result we've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15, 2017,” Albers writes. “We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world.”
Albers writes, “Thank you to all of our AIM users. And definitely stay tuned as we're fired up to provide more products and experiences that people around the world love.”
Full article here.
Jaguar F-Pace R-Sport 2.0d 180PS AWD road test report and review: DAVID HOOPER has a look at Jaguar's new SUV, but does it make the grade?
ONCE upon a time, not so long ago, the thought of taking a Jaguar any further off road than a gravelly driveway would have filled most owners with horror, but this new F-Pace is designed to do just that.
So with Jaguar coming over all utilitarian with its latest new model, is this most British of prestige brands heading in the right direction, or has turned up the wrong track? It's a big question, and I guess that if it's good enough for fellow British icon Bentley, which is venturing into the SUV world with its strangely named Bentayga, then there's no reason Jaguar shouldn't go off its traditional piste as well.
The new F-Pace is certainly an eye-catcher, if only because you don't expect to see this kind of car sporting a Jaguar badge, and I loved the way the styling of the rear lights of the stunning F-Type have been transposed into the design of the F-Pace, it works well and looks great.
As so many manufacturers seem hell-bent on filling every possible niche they can, then it's probably no surprise that Jaguar Land Rover has opted to jump into this particular niche with both wellies, utilising a Land Rover platform to create a new Jaguar, but I think you could argue that the company is almost cutting off its nose to spite its face, as both are now seen as premium brands and will inevitably compete for the same customers, even through the marketeers will insist they attract a different buyer profile, the reality is, their pricing is similar, with F-Pace range starting from £35,000, and the Land Rover Discovery Sport Range starting from £29,000 and climbing to mid-range F-Pace money at £46,500 for a car with the same engine as that in our test car.
My review of this F-Pace coincided with a weekend away in the Yorkshire Dales, to which my cousin brought along their recently purchased XF, which provided the opportunity to compare our two Jags side-by-side. Taking a close look at the F-Pace it's easy to spot its Land Rover heritage, from the clever door seals on the rear doors which make sure water and mud are kept away from the bodywork which might dirty passengers' clothes as they get in or out, and inside, the Terrain Response Control system which is a straight lift from its more rugged sister. And although Jaguar's rising gear selector is correct and present, gone are the signature rotating air vents of the XF which add so much theatre to the car when you press the start button. The premium leather of the XF has given way to something more utilitarian in the F-Pace too.
I was also disappointed with the ride quality which, for a luxury car, felt anything but luxurious on a road surface that was less than billiard table smooth. Around town, its large 20in Venom rim and sporty tyre combinations transmitted every bump and road surface imperfection into the cabin which was not what I expected at all. The response from the electric power steering was also poor at higher speeds, with a large, relatively dead spot on turning in to a corner before the system “caught up” with the inputs at the tiller, which then made the car turn in more sharply than expected, leading to unwinding the steering slightly, all of which combined to unsettle the car and make for an edgy driving experience on flowing twisting A road. Not good enough I'm afraid.
The interior of our F-Pace looked very smart, with the black leather seats, combined with red squabs and back cushions and red stitching detail. In the back, the rear seats will accommodate four to five adults, although the middle seat wouldn't be the most comfortable. Boot space is quite good though, and perfectly adequate, and the tailgate is powered, so you don't have to dirty your hands when the car is lathered in mud after an off-road session.
Power comes from Jaguar's 2.0-litre 180bhp diesel engine allied to an eight-speed transmission, which gives you the option of paddle shifters on the back of the steering wheel. The 0-62mph time is respectable at 8.7 seconds and the top speed is just shy of 130mph. During my few days with the car, it returned 36mpg over the full mix of driving conditions and about 430 miles.
Equipment levels are good and it is well priced at £40,360. Our test car cost £44,770 with some added extras which included the asupervisorstioned alloys, a panoramic roof, a Black Pack and privacy glass.
I always look forward to driving a Jaguar (no surprises there I guess), but this much-anticipated F-Pace left me feeling a little disappointed. It's not a bad first effort at an SUV, but it has lost some Jaguarishness and doesn't quite hit the mark for me. From its ride quality to its interior, it just doesn't feel as luxurious and as special as a Jaguar should. If I was writing its school report, it would say “must try harder”. And that's a shame.
Rating:
If you like this, read our review on the Jaguar XE we also reviewed recently
THE VITAL STATISTICS
MODEL: Jaguar F-Pace R-Sport 2.0d 180PS AWD
ENGINE: 1999cc, 180PS four-cylinder diesel engine, driving four wheels through 8-speed automatic gearbox.
PERFORMANCE: Top speed 129mph. 0-62mph in 8.7 secs.
ECONOMY: City: 45.6mpg.
Country: 60.1mpg.
Combined: 53.3mpg.
Wheel World test average: 36.6mpg
CO2 EMISSIONS: 139g/km.
FUEL TANK: 60 litres.
INSURANCE: Group 29
PRICE: £40,360 (£44,770 as tested).
WARRANTY: 3 years/100,000 miles.
WEBSITE: www.jaguar.co.uk
• All data correct at time of publication.
× Teen killed in Christmas crash donated organs so others might live
KING & QUEEN COUNTY, Va. — The memory of a Gloucester teenager who died after they were involved in a Christmas crash will live on. Brianna Sulc, 19, died December 29, fours days after the Christmas crash on Route 14 and Route 644 in King & Queen County.
Sulc was fatally injured after another car ran off the right side of Route 14, came back onto the road, crossed the center line, and struck their car head-on, according to Virginia State Police.
Both vehicles overturned.
During a New Year's Eve memorial service, Sulc's friends and family gathered to honor their memory.
“It's amazing to see how many people loved her,” Bri's mother Kristie Askew told WAVY.
“We were raising a flag in honor of our daughter, giving one last time,” their father Edwin added. “She gave the fight of life to other people by donating them organs.”
The driver of the 2004 Buick Rendezvous that struck Bri's 1999 Honda Civic suffered minor injuries. Peggy K. Didlake, 74, of West Point, Va., was charged with reckless driving.
Police said fatigue was a factor in the crash.
The crash was reported at 3 p.m. Christmas Day. Bri was on their way to a family Christmas gathered at the time of the crash, according to a GoFundMe page started to help their family cover the unexpected costs.
“The latest of four bombings in the Austin area in the past 16 days has a ‘higher level of sophistication' than the previous three, according to an update from Austin Interim Police Chief Brian Manley,” KXAN-TV reports. “‘We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point,'” Manley said.”
“Hours after the bombing Manley said it is “very possible” the device in Sunday night's explosion was triggered by a tripwire. In a press conference around 10 a.m., they said the device that exploded has similarities to the other explosive devices, based on preliminary results, even though it does use a more complex tripwire system. They noted in an earlier press conference that the bombs have different kinds of projectiles within them,” KXAN-TV reports. “Two men, who are 22 and 23 years old respectively, were either riding or pushing their bicycles, when the latest bomb next to a fence exploded in the “Travis Country East” subdivision in southwest Austin around 8:32 p.m. Both men are in good condition at the hospital, according to a spokesperson for St. David's South Austin Medical Center, but do have significant injuries. The Austin Police Department confirmed both men injured in the latest bombing are white, while the other victims were black or Hispanic.”
“Along with more than 500 federal agents, bomb technicians from San Antonio and Houston are headed to Austin to help with the case,” KXAN-TV reports. “Sunday night's bombing took place just after 8:30 p.m. The explosion Sunday evening is the fourth such incident since March 2, when 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House was killed by a package bomb in northeast Austin. A second (east Austin) and third bombing (southeast Austin) during the morning hours of March 12 ended in another person being killed and another two injured.”
Read more in the full article here.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cinderford Town have been accepted into the Junior Premier League for their newly formed Under-17 team and are running trials on Saturday, July 7 at Forest High School from 11am on the 3G training pitch.
The club previously held trials on Saturday, June 23 and four of those in attendance have already been invited to pre-season training with the first team with boss Paul Michael keen to promote a philosophy 'if you're good enough your old enough'.
"The best players from the trials will be invited to train with first team in pre-season and fight for place in the team regardless of age," they said.
"You could go to bigger clubs, but nowhere in the Southern League or higher will the opportunities from youth to first team be greater than at Cinderford Town."
Any players interested in a trial should visit www.cinderfordtownyouthfc.co.uk/trials and the club will be in touch with further information.
Players should be currently in school year 10 or 11 to be eligible.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee are seeking a subpoena for documents concerning the Trump administration's decision to add a citizenship question in the 2020 Census.
Democrats have voiced concerns immigrants will dodge the survey, diluting political representation and reducing federal dollars for some communities.
Democrats seek documents in which some Census Bureau employees raised concerns prior to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' decision. The department has briefed lawmakers on the decision and promised some records, but the Democrats say the response is inadequate.
The Democrats are asking Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, the committee's chairperson, to issue a subpoena or bring the matter before the entire committee if they decline to issue it himself. They say the information is needed before a May committee hearing.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A team at Caltech has figured out a way to encode more than one holographic image in a single surface without any loss of resolution. The engineering feat overturns a long-held assumption that a single surface could only project a single image regardless of the angle of illumination.
The technology hinges on the ability of a carefully engineered surface to reflect light differently depending on the angle at which incoming light strikes that surface.
Holograms are three-dimensional images encoded in two-dimensional surfaces. When the surface is illuminated with a laser, the image seems to pop off the surface and becomes visible. Traditionally, the angle at which laser light strikes the surface has been irrelevant--the same image will be visible regardless. That means that no matter how you illuminate the surface, you will only create one hologram.
Led by Andrei Faraon, assistant professor of applied physics and materials science in the Division of Engineering and Applied Science, the team developed silicon oxide and aluminum surfaces studded with tens of millions of tiny silicon posts, each just hundreds of nanometers tall. (For scale, a strand of human hair is 100,000 nanometers wide.) Each nanopost reflects light differently due to variations in its shape and size, and based on the angle of incoming light.
That last property allows each post to act as a pixel in more than one image: for example, acting as a black pixel if incoming light strikes the surface at 0 degrees and a white pixel if incoming light strikes the surface at 30 degrees.
"Each post can do double duty. This is how we're able to have more than one image encoded in the same surface with no loss of resolution," says Faraon (BS '04), senior author of a paper on the new material published by Physical Review X on December 7.
"Previous attempts to encode two images on a single surface meant arranging pixels for one image side by side with pixels for another image. This is the first time that we're aware of that all of the pixels on a surface have been available for each image," they say.
As a proof of concept, Faraon and Caltech graduate student Seyedeh Mahsa Kamali (MS '17) designed and built a surface that when illuminated with a laser straight on (thus, at 0 degrees) projects a hologram of the Caltech logo but when illuminated from an angle of 30 degrees projects a hologram of the logo of the Department of Energy-funded Light-Material Interactions in Energy Conversion Energy Frontier Research Center, of which Faraon is a principal investigator.
The process was labor intensive. "We created a library of nanoposts with information about how each shape reflects light at different angles. Based on that, we assembled the two images simultaneously, pixel by pixel," says Kamali, the first author of the Physical Review X paper.
Theoretically, it would even be possible to encode three or more images on a single surface--though there will be fundamental and practical limits at a certain point. For example, Kamali says that a single degree of difference in the angle of incident light probably cannot be enough to create a new high-quality image. "We are still exploring just how far this technology can go," they say.
Practical applications for the technology include improvements to virtual-reality and augmented-reality headsets. "We're still a long way from seeing this on the market, but it is an important demonstration of what is possible," Faraon says.
###
The research was published in a paper titled "Angle-Multiplexed Metasurfaces: Encoding Independent Wavefronts in a Single Metasurface under Different Illumination Angles." Faraon and Kamali's coauthors include Caltech graduate students Ehsan Arbabi (MS '17), Yu Horie, and Mohammad Sadegh Faraji-Dana; and Amir Arbabi of the University of Massachusetts Amherst. This work was supported by the Department of Energy, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and Samsung Electronics.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Saturday said that the reshuffling and expansion of the state cabinet were part and parcel of their move to balance the system.
"It is a matter of happiness. will make the cabinet more balanced which will lead to better work and results. One expansion has taken place, another small one will also be done," Chouhan told the reporters.
Earlier in the day, three new ministers were inducted in the Madhya Pradesh Cabinet.
Narayan Singh Kushwaha (Gwalior West), Balkrishna Patidar (Khargone) and Zalam Singh Patel (Narsinghpur) have sworn-in as new members of Chief Minister Chouhan's Cabinet. The cabinet reshuffle comes ahead of the Assembly elections which are due later this year. Madhya Pradesh will go to the polls for its 230 constituencies in November as the tenure of the current assembly ends on 7 January 2019.(ANI)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARLINGTON--Just as the NFL season is about to end, baseball is gearing up.
Friday the Rangers' equipment truck loaded up and out ... to training camp in Surprise, Arizona.
The players have one thing on their mind: domination!!
"I think we've got a really good team to compete this year and that's what we're gonna do," second baseman Rougned Odor said.
"Being able to see everything packed up, see all my teammates come here still grinding packing up their stuff, gets me amped, gets me fired up, ready to go for the season," pitcher Keone Kela said. "I guess a lot of people have been waiting for this 2018 season. I've been waiting and I'm just ready to get out there and play."
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday accused the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) Government of hampering Gujarat's journey of development.
Prime Minister Modi while addressing a rally in the poll bound state said Gujarat has two development engines - one in Gandhinagar and the other in Delhi.
"UPA did everything possible to derail Gujarat's development journey. To put gas pipelines in Gujarat's villages, the UPA got worried and did everything to stop that. I had to go to the Supreme Court," they said.
Prime Minister further said for Congress development means making money. "Do you see this Sabarmati River? There were circuses held earlier, now see the riverfront. This is development. But for Congress, Vikas is only where they can make money," the prime minister said. "We started a Pragati Initiative. Through technology, officers from all over India joined and we discussed key policy issues. This has helped accelerate the pace of development," they added. (ANI)
Wrinkles, creases, and fine lines occur as a natural part of the aging process. The Kerstin Florian International offers its skincare products in fighting these signs of aging.
[Lake Forest, 7/4/2018] — The aging process can be tough on facial skin. Creases start to form on the face, along with some crow's feet. The Kerstin Florian International's anti-aging skincare line feature serums and eye crèmes, among others, formulated for fine lines and wrinkles.
Age-Defying Products
The Kerstin Florian International offers its Caviar Age-Defense Serum. This product is a highly concentrated but lightweight blend of peptides and caviar protein. This mixture dramatically reduces wrinkles and fine lines. It also hydrates, nourishes, and restores a person's complexion.
This product is rich in caviar, phytoessential actives, and peptides. It is free from parabens, the skincare company shares.
The company also has its Rejuvenating Firming Extract. This extract is a robust blend of natural actives and botanical extracts. The intensive serum restores elasticity, minimizes pores, and refines texture. It leaves a person's skin visibly firmer.
Targeting the Eyes
The Kerstin Florian International also provides its gentle yet effective Rehydrating Liposome Eye Crème. This daily eye treatment uses advanced liposomes and peptides. This product delivers time-release moisture, antioxidants, as well as anti-inflammatory botanicals to the delicate eye area.
Meanwhile, the Caviar Age-Defense Crème deeply nourishes with its hydrating restorative crème. This product protects and improves skin function. It visibly fights outward signs of cellular damage and aging.
The crème is rich in caviar extract, phytoessential actives, and co-enzyme A. It is also free from parabens.
The skincare company also offers its Correcting Brightening Eye Crème, which is a fast-absorbing treatment. It provides immediate and long-term hydration and radiance. The anti-aging product helps get rid of dark circles, puffiness, wrinkles, and fine lines.
About Kerstin Florian International
Sweden's nature, energy, and intrinsic connection to wellness inspired Kerstin Florian to blend nature into innovative products and treatments. This inspiration produced experiential treatments with unparalleled results. Them line of products and protocols stem from the four values shown in their holistic approach to skincare. These are peace of mind, regular exercise, proper nutrition, and care of the face and the body.
The products of Kerstin Florian International deliver noticeable results. For further information, go to https://www.kerstinflorian.com/ today.
The annual Homeless Connect Perth event is intended to be a one-stop shop for people who are homelessness or at risk of it.
The annual Homeless Connect Perth event is intended to be a one-stop shop for people who are homelessness or at risk of it. Picture: Supplied
A Perth event described as “the Royal Show for the homeless” faces a review in part because of concerns providing yoga, hairdressing and massage services may be a “distraction”.
The annual Homeless Connect Perth event is intended to be a one-stop shop for people who are homelessness or at risk of it to put them in touch with relevant support services.
Alongside free accommodation assistance, counselling, legal advice and health care, it offers arguably less urgent services that homeless people might otherwise struggle to access, such as massage, photography, haircuts, and sports and arts activities.
The event, which is a partnership between the City of Perth and Volunteering WA, attracts about 2000 people.
Every morning, Salvation Army Soup Run volunteers feed about 80 people across the CBD. The West Australian Every morning, Salvation Army Soup Run volunteers feed about 80 people across the CBD.
A City of Perth report on the homelessness sector has recommended reviewing the event.
The report, which will go to next week's finance and administration committee, said feedback from a review of the 2016 event described it as “the Royal Show for those experiencing homelessness”.
“Anecdotal feedback from service providers through this review demonstrated a desire to change the focus of Homeless Connect Perth,” it said. “Many providers felt the additional elements of the day like hairdressers, massage, yoga, photography becomes a distraction, making it difficult for people to prioritise their needs.”
The report suggested the event could move away from its focus on the immediate needs of the homeless, such as donations and delivering food and health services, to longer-term strategies.
That could mean smaller events held more often.
Volunteering WA chief executive Tina Williams defended the event, saying homeless people deserved access to services that improved their health and well-being like anyone else.
Ms Williams said feedback from service providers at last year's event was “extremely positive”.
April 24 (UPI) -- The end of the last ice age was precipitated by a shift in the circulation of the North Pacific Ocean some 15,000 years ago.
According to new research by scientists at the University of St. Andrews, the altered circulation released large amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere, warming Earth's climate.
Scientists modeled the ancient shifts in circulation and ocean-atmosphere gas exchange by measuring the chemical composition of foraminifera, the tiny fossil shells left behind by plankton. Their analysis -- published this week in the journal Nature Geoscience -- revealed an uptick in the amount of CO2 released by the North Pacific beginning 15,000 years ago. Previous studies have found evidence of shifting circulation patterns in the Atlantic at roughly the same time.
Earlier this month, another group of researchers published a study showing the Atlantic's circulation is slowing down. Scientists suggest a slowdown could significantly alter climate patterns across the globe.
"In our study we see very rapid changes in the climate of the North Pacific that we think are linked to past changes in ocean currents in the Atlantic," lead researcher Will Gray, an environmental scientist at St. Andrews, said in a news release. "This gives us an example of the way that different parts of the climate system are connected, so that changes in circulation in one region can drive changes in CO2 and oxygen all the way over on the other side of the planet."
Gray and their colleagues also found shifting North Pacific circulation patterns have led to a reduction in the amount of oxygen in the deep ocean. Previous studies have shown regions of low-oxygen and no-oxgyen in Earth's oceans are growing in size and number.
For climate scientists, understanding the exchange of CO2 between Earth's oceans and atmosphere is essential to accurately modeling climate change.
"The North Pacific Ocean is very big and just below the surface the waters are brimming with CO2; because of this, we really need to understand how this region can change in the future, and looking into the past is a good way to do that," Gray said.
While natural shifts in ocean circulation and ocean-atmosphere gas exchange fueled relatively dramatic climate change at the end of the last ice age, scientists say those changes happened much slower than human-made climate change.
"Humans have driven CO2 rise in the atmosphere as large as the CO2 rise that helped end the last Ice Age, but the human-made CO2 rise has happened 100 times faster," said St. Andrews researcher James Rae. "This will have a huge effect on the climate system, and one that we are only just beginning to see."
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in their right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medalist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from their promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says they hurt their shoulder during the second round of their 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend their WBA lightweight title.
ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an “extensive” tear in their labrum along with cartilage damage, but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery.
Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25, but won't make that date while recovering.
Comments
comments
River Jones Johnson, their second son, was born on Monday.
They find out Thursday whether their game is in shape for Johnson to become the first back-to-back U.S. Open champion in 28 years, but their mood couldn't be better. About the only thing to fear, outside of the thick fescue that frames the fairways at Erin Hills, is the house where they are staying.
It has a double-spiral staircase.
"I sit down when I go down the stairs now," Johnson said with a smile. "I slide down on my butt."
Stairs were the only thing that could stop them earlier this year. A winner of three straight tournaments — against the strongest fields of the year — Johnson slipped in their socks going downstairs to move their car in the rain on the eve of the Masters and bruised their back so badly that they had to withdraw the next day.
They haven't won in four starts since then, and their game hasn't looked as sharp as it once did. They concede they lost some momentum.
Even so, they are the betting favorite at the 117th U.S. Open on a course that would appear to suit their game perfectly, especially with more rain Wednesday afternoon and a forecast for occasional storms on Friday and Saturday. The greens are soft enough that Johnson is getting yardages to the hole, knowing their shots won't bounce away too far.
"I hope they play it all the way back on every hole," they said. "Why not? It's going to be soft. I hope it's windy. I hope it's long, but it doesn't matter."
Johnson isn't one to feel much pressure — they don't show much, anyway — even playing their first major as the No. 1 player in the world.
If anything, the pressure is on the USGA in how they set up the golf course, and the meteorologist to give an accurate forecast of the wind. There are a few holes at Erin Hills where if the tees are all the way back and the wind shifts into the players, some won't be able to reach the fairway or will face blind shots.
"It's nerve-wracking, honestly, more than most Open sites," USGA executive director Mike Davis said.
Johnson isn't the only long hitter whom Erin Hills favors. Rory McIlroy, who crushed U.S. Open scoring records on a rain-softened course at Congressional in 2011, was delighted to feel the soft turf under their feet.
Jason Day is starting to turn their game around, finally. Along with their power, Day is an expert with the short game, which should come in handy around the greens that feature shaved slopes instead of dense rough.
Johnson, however, is such an intimidating figure that even Curtis Strange is a little nervous.
Strange, who now works for Fox Sports as the on-course analyst, won the 1989 U.S. Open at Oak Hill to become the first player since Ben Hogan (1950-51) to win the U.S. Open in consecutive years. "Move over, Ben," Strange famously said after their second title.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
This photo provided by Lauren Peller shows a small airplane that crashed in Melville, N.Y., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
MELVILLE, N.Y. (AP) - A small vintage airplane that was part of a GEICO stunt team crashed in a wooded residential area, killing its pilot, a Bucks County man, police said Wednesday.
Pilot Kenneth Johansen, 52, of Doylestown, was pronounced dead at the scene shortly after the World War II-era GEICO Skytypers plane crashed and burned on a street lined on one side with houses.
"It was fortunate that the plane crashed in the wooded area and not the residential part," Suffolk County police Chief of Department Stuart Cameron told Newsday.
The plane had departed nearby Republic Airport and was heading to Maryland when it crashed.
Johansen was the sole occupant of the plane, and no one on the ground was injured, police said. The Federal Aviation Administration said the crash involved an SNJ-2 aircraft, a World War II-era plane. Police described the plane as a North American T-6 Texan.
A spokesperson for Skytypers said Johansen was a U.S. Naval Academy graduate, naval aviator, professional airline pilot, and a husband and father of two children.
"A careful and thorough investigation is already under way," Skytypers said in a statement. "We are working with local law enforcement, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the National Transportation Safety Board. Our thoughts are with Ken and their family."
Johansen first flew with the Skytypers at the age of 8, according to their bio posted on the stunt team's website. It said they "caught the aviation bug early in their life" from their Skytyping instructor pilot father.
The Skytypers performed at last weekend's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach.
Photos of the wreckage show thick black smoke and raging orange flames.
College student Lauren Peller was in their home with their mother when the plane went down across the street next to woods.
"We heard a loud noise, almost like a tree fell on the house, and we ran down the stairs and there was smoke and the plane was on fire," said Peller, adding that their mother then called 911.
Houses were about 200 feet (60 meters) away, firefighters said.
"It's extremely lucky that nothing was hit," Melville First Assistant Fire Chief David Kaplan said.
Accountant Lou Scaglione told Newsday they were eating lunch when they noticed a small group of World War II planes. Then, they said, there was one fewer and they saw smoke over the trees.
"It's heartbreaking," Scaglione said. "These planes are part of Long Island. It's a shame that one of them is down over there."
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge has thrown out one of the charges against a Kansas man accused of plotting to attack Somali immigrants in the meatpacking town of Garden City.
U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren granted a defense motion to dismiss a firearms charge against Curtis Allen. The decision comes in the wake of a 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal panel's ruling in May in an unrelated case that found that a person convicted of misdemeanor domestic battery under a city ordinance can legally carry a gun.
Allen and co-defendants Patrick Stein and Gavin Wright still face charges of conspiring to detonate truck bombs at an apartment complex where Somali immigrants live.
All three men have pleaded not guilty.
Their trial is set for Feb. 20.
LAST NIGHT'S GAME between Everton and Newcastle was largely a typical end-of-season match, with few thrills or spills.
However, there was one rare exception late on in the game, when Seamus Coleman produced a brilliant headed clearance to deny a goalbound Jacob Murphy effort.
It was a pivotal moment in the match, as it ensured their side finished the game with a clean sheet and all three points.
It's still recently enough that the 29-year-old Irish captain returned to action after almost a year out with a broken leg.
Last night was their ninth Premier League appearance of the season and Martin O'Neill and the Ireland fans will be encouraged by how seamlessly the full-back has adapted back to life at the top level.
One other person who has been impressed with Coleman is team-mate Theo Walcott, who scored the winner amid a 1-0 victory for the Toffees.
“Seamus's defensive header at the end was just as good as my goal, it really was,” they told Sky Sports after the game.
“He's an absolute dream to play with. At times, as a winger, they tell you ‘I don't mind being one-on-one [against an opponent],' that just shows you the confidence he's got in themselves defensively.
“But going forward as well, the way you can link off him, he's played at the highest level for so long and obviously, he's had that horrific injury. To come back the way they have as well, mentally it's not an easy thing, I've had a long injury and it's not easy to come back from. You wouldn't have even thought they got the injury. He's a fantastic professional and a great character in the dressing room. Every time you think of Everton, he's the first man you think of.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Sam Hunt has big planned this spring, and it involves planning and headlining their first-ever ‘The Nashional' music festival.
MORE
Argentina's team doctor does not expect Sergio Aguero to recover from injury in time for the World Cup: https://t.co/qZNA2Ty3US pic.twitter.com/q4cmkqip6y
Global Directed Energy Weapon Market Research Report Information by Platform (Airborne, Ground-based, and Naval), by Type (Lethal Weapons, and Non-Lethal Weapons), Applications (Military and Homeland Security), and by Region – Global Forecast Till 2023.
Market Scenario
Directed energy weapon emits highly focused energy, and consists of laser, microwave, and particle beams to destroy the target. These weapons have widespread applications such as anti-personnel weapon systems and missile defense systems. Directed energy weapons are utilized to defend against chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear emergencies so that national security can be preserved. The rise in popularity of high quality, integrated, precise, and cost-effective energy weapons by the defense forces is expected to drive the market during the forecast period. However, there are some shortcomings in operating performance of the directed energy weapon market, such as high development cost of the weapons and susceptibility to degradation by external environment.
Directed energy weapons offer a variety of advantages, such as precision, low cost per shot, and scalable effects that will be helpful across the entire spectrum of combat operations over conventional kinetic weapons. The factors responsible for the growth of directed energy weapon market are the high demand for lethal weapons, increased investment in defense, and increasing demand for laser weapons across the world. The high growth of directed energy weapon in defense application will ensure the disruptive change of warfare tactics in military. This has consequently resulted in increased R&D expenditure for the development of directed energy weapons.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3203
Global Directed Energy Weapon Market, By Segmentation
The directed energy weapon market is segmented based on platform, type, application, and region. On the basis of platform, airborne is widely used and comprises the largest market share due to changing geo-political dynamics. On the basis of type, lethal weapons are expected to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. On the basis of application, military applications are expected to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The high research and development investment, particularly in lethal weapons, is one of the key factors expected to propel the growth of the directed energy weapons market. For instance, Lockheed Martin had developed high power laser weapon systems for the U.S. navy for intelligence, surveillance, & reconnaissance and counter-unmanned aerial system capabilities. Similarly, Northrop Grumman Corporation and Rheinmetall developed directed energy systems for the U.S. Air Force and Bundeswehr, respectively.
The market is segmented based on region into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East & Africa, and South America. The North American region is expected to dominate the market in future due to technology advancements in warfare platforms and increasing defense budgets. A majority of the companies operating in the directed energy weapons market are based in the U.S. Europe is second to the North America directed energy weapon market due to rise in the military spending in countries, such as Ukraine. Asia Pacific region is the fastest growing region in directed energy weapon market due to increasing terrorism incidences and border threats. Thus, the global directed energy weapon market is estimated to witness an approximately 26% CAGR from 2017 to 2023.
Key Players
The key players in the global directed energy weapon market are Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S), Raytheon Company (U.S), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S), Boeing Company (U.S), BAE Systems PLC (U.K), Textron Inc. (U.S.), Rheinmetall AG (Germany), L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), Moog Inc. (U.S.), and Quinetiq Group PLC. (U.S.).
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/directed-energy-weapon-market-3203
'I want you to feel totally free to take whatever decision you need because 2018 is an important year for the PT, for the left and for democracy,' writes Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in a letter to the Workers' Party
Published 9:06 AM, April 25, 2018
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil – Brazil's ex-president Lula, who is imprisoned for corruption, on Tuesday, April 24, gave their Workers' Party (PT) the green light to find a new candidate for the October presidential election in which they remain the frontrunner.
"I want you to feel totally free to take whatever decision you need because 2018 is an important year for the PT, for the left and for democracy," wrote Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in a letter to the party leadership.
But the PT dismissed their offer, with party president Gleisi Hoffmann writing on Facebook that they would keep them as their candidate.
"The people want Lula freed, that Lula be president! There is no plan B because Lula is innocent," they wrote, saying their candidacy would be formally approved at a national convention later this year.
The party has said it will exhaust all legal avenues in the hope that they can run in an election that they are the favorite to win.
Ahead of the vote, the PT has stepped up displays of unconditional support for its co-founder who was jailed for 12 years on April 7, moving its headquarters to the southern city of Curitiba where they are serving their sentence.
But experts say it is highly unlikely they will be allowed to run and the party has no other leaders with their charisma or experience to replace him, with polls predicting it will struggle to pass the 2% mark.
One possible substitute is ex-Sao Paulo mayor Fernando Haddad, while another is former minister Jaques Wagner – but the former is unlikely to win unanimous support and the latter is plagued by suspicions of corruption.
In their letter, Lula said they were "happy" about the latest Datafolha research, which showed that despite their incarceration, they would still receive 31% of the vote – although that was 6 percentage points lower than the previous poll.
The former head of state was convicted for accepting a seaside apartment as a bribe from a huge construction company linked to the state-controlled oil major Petrobras.
They claim they have been framed to prevent them from running in October's election.
The deadline for registering as a candidate is August 15.
Under Brazil's clean slate law, their conviction means they would be barred from running, but the Superior Electoral Tribunal will make a definitive ruling by September 17. – Rappler.com
March 19 (UPI) -- The Washington Redskins have signed free agent cornerback Orlando Scandrick.
Washington announced the deal on Monday. Sources told NFL Network that the deal is for two years and has a maximum value of $10 million.
Scandrick, 31, was a fifth round pick by the Dallas Cowboys in the 2008 NFL Draft. They had 38 tackles and three passes defensed in 11 starts last season. The Cowboys released the ten-year veteran on Saturday. The move saved the Cowboys about $1.4 million against the salary cap. They were due to make $3 million in 2018 with the Cowboys.
"For the past ten years, it's been my privilege to represent the Dallas Cowboys organization both on the field and in the community," Scandrick wrote Sunday on social media. "As my time in Dallas comes to an end I'd like to thank the Jones family, my coaches, my teammates, the athletic training staff, the fans and all of #CowboysNation for their unwavering support. It's been an honor to wear The Star."
Scandrick started at least 10 games in each of the last four seasons for the Cowboys, but missed their entire 2015 campaign due to a knee injury.
They join a Redskins secondary including Josh Norman, Quinton Dunbar, Fabian Moreau and Joshua Holsey.
ST. LOUIS, MO – JUNE 28, 2018 – Rock Salt USA strives to help property owners keep their properties safe in even the harshest winters. Now the supplier of professional grade premium rock salt offers 2,000-lb. super sacks for added convenience.
Super sacks of white rock salt and treated rock salt will be available for pickup at its St. Louis, MO. location. Delivery of white rock salt, treated rock salt and sodium chloride are also available by truckload.
Rock Salt USA prides itself on providing customers with the most effective Hi-Way rock salt, premium rock salt ice melt, calcium chloride pellets and flake and magnesium chloride for their needs. The super sacks give customers another way to get three of the company's most popular products
One-ton super sacks of white rock salt are available for pickup for $199 per super sack or $189 per sack if delivered. Delivery requires purchase of 22 pallets.
Super sacks of treated rock salt, consisting of sodium chloride with liquid magnesium chloride, are available for pickup for $259. They may be delivered for $249 per sack with a minimum of 22 pallets.
The cost of a 2,000-pound super sack of calcium chloride is $519.20 per sack with a minimum delivery of 22 pallets. Pickup of super sacks of calcium chloride are not available.
Potential customers may call Rock Salt USA for a free quote including delivery.
The company can complete most deliveries within 48 hours. Bulk orders help property owners prepare for even the most severe conditions.
Rock Salt USA's products keep driveways, parking lots and walkways clear during potential dangerous snowfalls and icy conditions. Its guaranteed commercial ice melt products start working immediately to break through layers of ice and lessen the chance of potential accidents.
The company advises customers to start planning for winter as soon as possible, as snowfalls can be unpredictable and may arrive before they are adequately prepared. A bulk salt calculator located on its website helps customers estimate how much salt they need.
Rock Salt USA carries a wide range of commercial and industrial-strength bagged and bulk salt and de-icer products suitable for customers' diverse needs.
For more information, visit its website at http://rocksaltusa.com/super-sacks or call 314-736-5111.
The global market for digital signature demonstrates a competitive landscape, finds a new research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The top five players, namely, DocuSign Inc., Adobe Systems Inc., Gemalto NV, Entrust Datacard Corp., and Ascertia, collectively, held more than 57% of the overall market in 2016. A large pool market players are adopting strategies, such as alliances and partnership, to expand their presence. These companies are expected to further diversify their product portfolio and integrate value-added services into solutions to seize a greater market share over the forthcoming years, states the research report.
As per the research report, the overall opportunity in the global digital signature market is likely to increase at a CAGR of 26.40% over the period from 2017 to 2025, rising from US$631.5 mn in 2016 to a value of US$4,983.6 mn by the end of the forecast period. As of now, on-premise-based digital signature solutions witness a higher demand; however, their cloud-based counterparts are likely to surpass them in the near future, thanks to the latter's increasing popularity.
The BFSI, real estate, education, government, medical and healthcare, retail, transportation, and the legal sectors have been considered as the key industry verticals of the global market for digital signature in this research report. In 2016, the BFSI sector emerged as the market leader with a share of 23%. Researchers expect this segment to remain on the top over the forecast period, thanks to the growing demand for digital signature in the banking sector, fueled by advent of ‘digital client onboarding'.
An exclusive brochure of this report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=11057
Apart from the BFSI sector, the adoption of digital signature is also expected to increase in the medical and healthcare industry in the near future due to the rising application of digital signature for storing patient records securely, drug prescriptions, release of medical information, physician/medical reports, and insurance claims processing.
On the geographical front, the worldwide market for digital signature has been classified into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa, and South America in the research report. North America dominated this market in 2016 with US$205.0 in revenues and is expected to continue reporting healthy growth in the years to come, thanks to the informant of several government regulations.
Sample With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=11057
Europe, however, is anticipated to surpass North America over the period of the forecast on the grounds of the government initiatives, intended towards creating opportunities for enterprises to conduct cross border business, notes the research study.“The increasing awareness among consumers pertaining to the benefits of digital signature, such as cost reduction, improved efficiency, and time savings, has been propelling the market for digital signature across the world.”
States an analyst at TMR. Business organizations are inevitably faced with economic uncertainty, where they have to take tough decisions to reduce operational cost and improve enterprise efficiency. Since digital signature reduces the costs associated with printing, recording, scanning, mailing, and archiving, its adoption in various industries has increased substantially, reflecting greatly on the global market.
OTTAWA — Health Canada says there were 1,179 medically assisted deaths between Jan. 1 and June 30 this year, accounting for about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally.
In the previous six months, the first half-year in which medical assistance in dying was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
The department says the overall numbers are consistent with international experience.
Cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 63 per cent of cases.
The Health Canada findings in its second interim report on medical assistance in dying say the average patient was 73 at death.
While some patients were between 18 and 45 at the time of death, the vast majority of cases involved people aged 56 to 85.
The report says there was a slight decrease in the number of patients dying in hospitals, with more people choosing to end their lives at home.
The law allowing medical assistance in dying went into effect in June 2016.
Since then provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
"It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models," the report said.
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined.
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.
Victims included players from the French national team, who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March, and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye, who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters.
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato, a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil, was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey.
In another case, a regional governor told local media that the club their administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players.
Last month, Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in Russia, told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players, rather than as a statement of ideology.
"I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically, maybe so they don't want to keep playing," they said. "It could just be because someone finds it funny."
Overall, cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80, the lowest since the 2013-14 season, according to Fare.
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums.
"Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious, for bringing down banners," Powar said. "That leaves people able or free to chant things and that's a far more difficult thing to police."
KUALA LUMPUR May 3 Edra Energy (IPO-EDRA.KL) has relaunched a request for proposal to hire banks for its IPO that is targeting to raise $500 million to $1 billion, IFR Asia reported citing two sources with knowledge of the deal.
Banks have to respond to the request for proposal (RFP) by May 9, one of the sources told IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication.
Edra Energy withdrew its RFP in February this year, within the same day of launching it, without giving any reason.
The company is Malaysia's second largest independent power producer. It was formerly owned by state fund 1MDB and was seeking a $1 billion-$3 billion IPO. The IPO plans faltered as 1MDB became embroiled in money laundering investigations.
In 2015, 1MDB sold Edra Energy to China General Nuclear Power (IPO-CGNP.HK) for $2.3 billion.
Edra Energy could not be immediately reached for comment. (Reporting by S Anuradha of IFR, writing by Liz Lee; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
9-10pm
Bowie and Queen – Under pressure
Daft Punk – Around The World
The Jam – A Town Called Malice
RHCP – Higher Ground
Interpol – Evil
Grandmaster Flash – White Lines
The Cure – A Forest
Led Zeppelin – Kashmir
The Breeders – Cannonball
Fleetwood Mac – The Chain
Nancy Sinatra – These Boots Are Made For Walkin'
Nirvana – Come As You Are
10-11pm
New Order – Blue Monday
Thin Lizzy – Dancin' In The Moonlight
Massive Attack – Safe From Harm
Sultans Of Ping – Give Him A Ball
The Stone Roses – Fool's Gold
Simple Minds – Hunter And The Hunted
Lou Reed – Take A Walk On the Wildside
Marvin Gaye – What's Going On
Chic – Everybody Dances
The Beatles – Come Together
Talking Heads – Psycho Killer
Joy Division – Love Will Tear Us Apart
Pixies – Debaser
11 - Midnight
The Pogues – Dirty Ol' Town
Bell X1 – Eve the Apple Of My Eye
Otis Redding – My Girl
Glen Campbell – Wichita Lineman
Leonard Cohen – Bird On A Wire
The Velvet Underground – Pale Blue Eyes
Kayleigh O'Brien – Who's Gonna Shoe Your Pretty Little Feet
R.E.M – Ebow The Letter
The Watson Twins – Just Like heaven
Johnny Cash and Bob Dylan – You Are My Sunshine
Bruce Springsteen The River (Live)
Chief Aaron Aquino says the real focus of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency is on high-value targets
Published 10:47 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) admitted on Monday, December 11, that it failed in the street-level war on drugs when it was left alone in implementing President Rodrigo Duterte's campaign.
PDEA chief Director General Aaron Aquino said in a press briefing that it was their "wish" the Philippine National Police (PNP) would return to support PDEA's operations.
"Nahihirapan kasi kami pagdating sa street level, doon kami nagpe-fail sa street level, sa totoo lang," they said. (We were having a hard time when it comes to the street level. We were failing there, to tell you the truth.)
Aquino was referring to PDEA's almost two-month stint as the "sole agency" in charge of the drug war, as President Duterte had ordered.
Before the shift, the PDEA had been focusing on high-value targets, such as drug lords and public officials involved in the illegal trade.
The PDEA chief stressed, as they had repeatedly done before, that the agency did not have enough personnel to cover what the PNP used to do. (READ: PDEA chief says PNP 'still needed' in drug war)
The PDEA only has over 1,000 personnel, while the PNP has around 190,000.
"The PNP was embedded in barangays because they were in municipal police stations and they could operate very effectively.... PDEA didn't have any personnel in municipal police stations so we were failing there," Aquino said in Filipino.
This is the reason PDEA has always welcomed, with some reservations, the return of the PNP on the front lines of the campaign, they said. (READ: PDEA chief on PNP's drug war return: ‘I hope they change their guidelines first')
Asked whether it was true that there was a "notable resurgence in illegal drugs activities"– which the President cited as one of the reasons they returned the PNP to the campaign – Aquino said they did not have the data to back or refute it. – Rappler.com
New Delhi: The Shri Rajput Karni Sena announced it has decided to take back its protest against Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat, saying that the movie glorifies the valour of the Rajputs.
Shri Rashtriya Rajput Karni Sena's Mumbai leader Yogendra Singh Katar said that on the directions of organisation's national President Sukhdev Singh Gogamadi, a few members watched the movie in Mumbai on Friday, and found that that the movie glorifies the valour and sacrifice of Rajput and every Rajput will be feeling proud after watching the film.
There is no such objectionable scene between Delhi Sultanate ruler Alauddin Khilji and Queen Padmini of Mewar which hurts the sentiments of Rajputs, they said in a letter, declaring that the Karni Sena takes back their protest and will help the administration to release the film in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat as well as across all cinema houses in India. The Karni Sena had been demanding a ban on the period film on the grounds that it "distorts" historical facts and projects queen Padmini in poor light. Last month, Supreme Court also lifted the ban on the movie imposed by several states and directed them to ensure its release. The Karni Sena had been demanding a ban on the period film on the grounds that it "distorts" historical facts and projects queen Padmini in poor light. Last month, Supreme Court also lifted the ban on the movie imposed by several states and directed them to ensure its release. The film was released in theatres across India on January 25 amidst tight security and protest from various groups, including Karni Sena. However, some cinema hall owners decided not to screen the film in the wake of protests being carried allegedly by Karni Sena members in Gujarat and Haryana. The film was released in theatres across India on January 25 amidst tight security and protest from various groups, including Karni Sena. However, some cinema hall owners decided not to screen the film in the wake of protests being carried allegedly by Karni Sena members in Gujarat and Haryana.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BERWICK -- A fire department in Columbia County handed out carnations to show they care this Valentine's Day.
Members of the Reliance Fire Company visited the Berwick Retirement Village on Tuesday and passed out dozens of red carnations to nurses and residents.
Fire officials say the department wanted to do something special for people there this Valentine's Day. All the firefighters made sure to visit every room. They handed each person a flower and hoped for a smile.
"A lot of these people out here, they had husbands, they had wives that passed on. They have nobody. Their kids aren't around, so if it's just a firefighter, who doesn't love a firefighter?" said Berwick Fire Chief Bill Coolbaugh.
The fire company handed out 150 flowers.
The families of two fatal shark attack victims have urged the Premier not to dismiss the Commonwealth's smart drum-line strategy, with one relative warning the State Government “will have blood on its hands” if the plan is rejected.
Ben Foo-Collyer, whose 60-year-old mother Doreen was killed in 2016 while diving off Mindarie, said people and not politics should be paramount.
They called on Mark McGowan and Fisheries Minister Dave Kelly to accept that the non-lethal drum lines, now used in NSW, helped prevent attacks and made it possible to gather shark movement data.
Camera Icon Shark attack at Mindarie. Victim Doreen Collyer. Picture: Supplied.
“I find the State Government too dismissive and I don't believe Mr Kelly is in the right role at the moment,” Mr Foo-Collyer said.
“I think they will have blood on their hands over this.”
The McGowan Government yesterday rejected a plan to roll out about 180 non-lethal drum lines from Quinns Rocks to Prevelly near Margaret River, arguing it would be too expensive and was not backed up scientifically.
The Premier and Mr Kelly criticised the way the strategy, which Federal Environment Minister Josh Frydenberg said would cost WA up to $7 million for six months, was publicly released.
“Issuing a document to the media and not discussing it with the State is not the right way of going about Federal/State relations,” Mr McGowan said.
Camera Icon Laeticia Brouwer
“What the plan suggests is you capture a shark and drag it a kilometre out to sea and let it go. I'm not sure that is the solution we are looking for.” But Mr Foo-Collyer and the father of Esperance shark victim Laeticia Brouwer want the political fight to end.
“Surfers and ocean users now demand action,” Leon Brouwer said.
“We feel this issue is at a critical point. Smart drum lines are a part of the solution. They won't solve the problem but along with added research and tagging will certainly be a welcome help to the surfing community.”
Both families believe the State Government should also act for the sake of tourism.
“To say it's not affecting the economy is delusional,” Mr Foo-Collyer said.
“When the Margaret River Pro was cut short about $5 million was lost. Events are being cancelled or disrupted because of the shark issue.”
Mr Frydenberg continued to press the State Government yesterday, telling The West Australian that areas between Albany and Esperance could also by covered by the drum lines.
“On average 10 smart drum lines could cover 15km of coast at a cost between $290,000 and $400,000,” they said.
When a shark is hooked by a drum line an alert is sent to nearby response teams who go out to tag and release the shark further out to sea.
“If you're going to attract sharks to a beach with a baited hook, catch them and release them, then what happens to the shark after that?” Mr Kelly told ABC radio.
“Mr Frydenberg has been spruiking smart drum lines now for six or seven months. There's nothing new in what he's suggested other than the locations on a map and some costings. It looks like a media stunt.”
South West Shark Safe spokesperson Keith Halnan said the NSW drum lines were invaluable.
“Mr Kelly is on about wanting to know where the sharks go after being caught and tagged,” they said. “Well, a shark that was tagged in Ballina in northern NSW was off the coastline here in May.”
Shadow tourism minister Libby Mettam said the Government needed to take “its head out of the sand”.
“I think this issue is important enough to see an investment as a public safety initiative and supporting tourism and the West Australian way of life,” they said.
WA has had 17 fatal shark attacks in the past 25 years and many people have been left permanently injured.
In the past two months some popular South West surf beaches have been closed because of shark sightings.
“We've got to get the smart drum lines in the water,” Mr Halnan said.
“The perception is we're not safe off our beaches. The tourism brand is tarnished and the economy will suffer.”
The NSW Government will soon release a report on its drum-line program.
(Photo Credit: Thinkstock)
If you are launching your business on a shoestring budget, you may think the cost of a web designer doesn't fit into your plan. Even if HTML and CSS look like alphabet soup to you, drag and drop website-building interfaces make it possible for non-coders to build their own websites. That may be a good option for you depending on the size of your business and your website goals. However, ease of use comes at the cost of flexibility, and a less-than-professional look to your website will drive business away. Your inexpensive DIY website then becomes rather costly.
It may be better to invest in a professional web design service to get your business online. Keep in mind that your website is part of your overall marketing plan, so position it as an expense where you expect a positive rate of return on your investment, just as you would with an ad campaign. Bringing in a pro will get the job done quicker and better than if you tackle the project yourself.
What does DIY web design involve?
Website building platforms are the quickest way to build and launch a website. They come with pre-coded templates, drag-and-drop elements and stock photos — everything you need to create a simple website. These tools are usually bundled with hosting services. Builders such as Wix and Weebly offer free options, but you will have the builders' names in your URL and their advertisements loaded onto to your website. This is fine for a hobbyist, but a business needs something more professional. For a modest monthly fee, you can have the ads removed and use your own domain. Another popular option is a content management system (CMS) such as WordPress. Although the initial learning curve is steep, page builder plugins simplify the process, and site owners have multiple options for customizing with hundreds of themes and plugins available.
A web designer may cost less in the long run
When you factor in your time, or the time of an employee tasked with building your website, and the benefits of a professionally designed web presence for your business, it may make better financial sense to contract a web designer. A complex site with several pages and subpages, an online shop, or a reservation system for lodging and dining can lose function in the hands of a novice. A professional will design a site that expresses your brand and engages visitors so they stick around to learn about your business.
Doing the math
What is the best way to go? The calculation will be different for each business. Begin by thinking about what you wish to achieve with your website. Do you hope to get an edge over your local competition with a slick website? Do you plan to sell goods online? Will your website's primary function be to generate leads or sales? With goals in mind, you can determine how complex a website you need. Is the level of complexity something you and your team can proficiently handle? If yes, how many hours will be spent on website development? Place a value on this time and compare it to the cost of hiring a web designer. You may be surprised to find a professional will save you money.
This article was written by Gillian Burdett for Small Business Pulse
Children born to the youngest mothers have the highest risk of developmental vulnerabilities at age 5, largely due to social and economic disadvantage, according to research on almost 100,000 children published this week in PLOS Medicine by Kathleen Falster of the University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia, and colleagues. While the risk of developmental vulnerabilities steadily declined with every additional year of a mother's age up to 30 years, there was a slight increase in risk for children born to mothers aged 35 years and older, similar to the risk in children born to mothers in their early twenties.
In recent decades, there has been a shift to later childbearing in high-income countries and there is limited large-scale evidence on the relationship between maternal age and developmental outcomes beyond infancy. In the new study, researchers used perinatal, hospital and birth registration records, as well as the Australian Early Development Census (AEDC) and school enrollments, to follow a cohort of 99,530 children from birth until their first year of school in 2009 or 2012.
4,382 (4.4%) of the children were born to mothers aged less than 20 years and 20,026 (20.1%) children were born to mothers aged 35 years and older. Overall, 21% of all children were developmentally vulnerable on at least one developmental domain at age 5. That rate was highest, at 40%, in children born to mothers aged 15 years and younger, and steadily decreased until maternal age 30, hitting a low of 17% in children born to mothers aged 30 to 35 years. For children born to mothers aged 35 to 45 years, up to 24% were developmentally vulnerable on at least one domain at age 5. Socio-economic factors explained at least half the increased risk of vulnerability in children born to younger mothers.
"To our knowledge, this study is the largest scale evidence internationally on the relationship between maternal age at childbirth--across the whole distribution of maternal ages--and early childhood development," the authors say. "Further research to better understand the mechanisms that underlie the elevated risk of developmental vulnerability... may inform policies and interventions to promote positive child development across the population."
###
Research Article
Funding:
This work was supported by an Australian National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) Project Grant (#1061713). KF was supported by an NHMRC Early Career Fellowship (#1016475) and an NHMRC Capacity Building Grant (#573122). EB was supported by an NHMRC Senior Research Fellowship (#1042717). SE was supported by an NHMRC Career Development Fellowship (#1013418). MB was supported by the Manitoba Centre for Health Policy Population-Based Child Health Research Award. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests:
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Citation:
Falster K, Hanly M, Banks E, Lynch J, Chambers G, Brownell M, et al. (2018) Maternal age and offspring developmental vulnerability at age five: A population-based cohort study of Australian children. PLoS Med 15(4): e1002558. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pmed. 1002558
Author Affiliations:
Centre for Big Data Research in Health, University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia
National Centre for Epidemiology and Population Health, Australian National University, Canberra, Australia
Centre for Social Research Methods, Australian National University, Canberra, Australia
The Sax Institute, Sydney, Australia
School of Population Health, University of Adelaide, Adelaide, Australia
School of Social and Community Medicine, University of Bristol, Bristol, United Kingdom
Manitoba Centre for Health Policy, University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute, Melbourne, Australia
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper:
Sanju Box Office: 167.51 crores – this is what Sanjay Dutt's biopic Sanju has collected in 5 days at the box office. Be it Rajkumar Hirani, Ranbir Kapoor or Vicky Kaushal, the entire chunk of movie-goers has been praising this film. Hence, the strong word of mouth and unprecedented trend for the film.
Along with crossing many Khan films, Sanju has been surpassing other films too with every passing day. In yesterday's article (Link: http://www.koimoi.com/box-office/sanju-box-office-4-days-ranbir-kapoor-crossed-lifetime-collection-khan-films/) we told you how Sanju has crossed the lifetime collections of various Khan films. There are four more films of which lifetime collections has been crossed by Sanju in just 5 days.
Ajay Devgn's Singham Returns which released back in 2014 was not praised as much as its predecessor but did decent business at the box office. It opened to a humongous 32 crores & earned a total of 141 crores at the box office. It went on to be a plus affair and has been crossed by Sanju in just 4 days (145.41 crores).
Dabangg 2 opened with 21.10 crores and huge expectations but didn't live up to them. Though it collected a very 158.50 crores but failed to amass the love that Dabangg got. Sanju with 167.51 crores has managed to surpass it in 5 days. Shah Rukh Khan's crime-com Dilwale which didn't win many hearts at the box office was criticised by the audience too. Few found it passable, others labelled it as unbearable. It collected 148 crores and was a plus affair at the box office. This too, has been crossed by Ranbir Kapoor's Sanju.
Released same year, Tanu Weds Manu Returns earned a gigantic 152 crores at the box office and earned the superhit tag. Kangana Ranaut is considered as the hero of the film & the numbers came in as a huge surprise for everyone. Sanju's 167.51 crores has surpassed this one too. There are more open weeks for Sanju and many other films to cross. Without demeaning the above films, as each of them did well in their period especially Tanu Weds Manu Returns, we must appreciate Sanju for its record-breaking run.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
NEW YORK (AP) - Comedy Central's Jordan Klepper is planning a slumber party for young activists pushing for action on gun control.
Klepper is taking Thursday's episode of their show, "The Opposition," out of a New York studio and into the living room of a private home in the Bethesda, Maryland area. That's where many young people plan to gather in preparation for Saturday's March For Our Lives on Washington to oppose gun violence.
"It's so nice to be inspired by people who aren't cynical about the political process, who are actually doing something," Klepper said on Monday.
Klepper took a special interest in the issue even before they began hosting the weekday show, which airs at 11:30 p.m. EDT, last year. They did report on gun control for "The Daily Show" and hosted a one-hour "investigative comedy" special last June titled "Jordan Klepper Solves Guns."
They didn't solve much, of course. But in the process of talking to people on all sides of the issue, Klepper said they were surprised by how much common ground they saw on issues like background checks and scientific research. To him, it has made the lack of political action on the issue despite several mass shootings particularly frustrating.
Klepper got some attention last month for having two student survivors of the Parkland, Florida, school shooting on for interviews.
"The students are doing an amazing job of keeping this conversation going and elevating this, both in the news and in people's minds, so it doesn't just go away and people in positions of power can forget about it as well," they said.
Show researchers found an organization called DC Teens Action, which is matching people coming in for the march with host families in the area. Comedy Central made arrangements with one such group to highlight for the show.
In addition to the young participants, U.S. Sen Cory Booker, a New Jersey Democrat, will stop by.
Klepper won't be breaking character to conduct their interviews. They play a conservative conspiracy theorist on the show, much like Stephen Colbert played a conservative talk show host when they were at Comedy Central.
They found that when they interviewed the Parkland students, they later appreciated Klepper going after them in this fashion, because it gave the students the chance to refute claims made against them.
"The best thing that we can do is filter it through the resistance that they are seeing," they said. "It's always a balance to play a character who's coming at things that are perhaps the direct opposite of the way that I would feel about them. But what's also refreshing about the situation is that they do get to push back against the trolls."
Their show also will be filming at Saturday's rally for future segments.
"Whenever you see an opportunity where maybe the conversation can change things, you have at it," they said.
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said they would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. They called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare them and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, according to their lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied their request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, they are due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear their name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Was that a similar type of game to last Saturday (1-1 home draw with Barnet)?
Yes, it was similar with both teams deciding to go quite long.
It was quite wet out there and obviously both teams would like to have won.
We did all we could for two or three days in training and we came up and trained at Scunthorpe's ground, so we thank them.
We said we needed to stay in the game for the first 20 minutes or so and the same thing happens again, with a good set play from them, exactly the same as our goal.
It was a free-kick, they got in and we shouldn't have given it away in the first place in the first three minutes.
It took us the rest of the game to find a bit of quality to get the game back, so in the end we are competing with the Grimsbys of this world and we kept them behind us in the table, with us having a game in hand.
They were desperate to get their first win in 11.
It was a very good set piece to score the equaliser
Yes, it was.
We work hard on our set pieces, but it's still about the delivery and making the right ones. When it all comes together, I though Boyley deserved their goal because they played well and the back three played well today.
There weren't too many mistakes and they had a couple of shots late on, but we had chances as well.
I was disappointed with the first half because we didn't do enough. In the second half we gave it more of a go and we needed a bit of quality to start having proper chances.
In the first half Joe Morrell made the keeper make a save, but in the second half we had a lot more goalmouth incidents which could have led to goals.
Were you pleased with the impact of the three substitutes in the second half?
Yes, because Elijah Adebayo won the foul which led to the goal, after a good run.
They in particular looked lively when they were running at them and we needed that. We didn't have it in the first half and they did.
Sanmi has a bit of quality when they get hold of it and in the last 15 minutes I thought we created opportunities through good forward play.
It was a big call to take Mo Eisa off, what was the thinking behind that?
They didn't really have a shot or a header so sometimes you have to be brave.
Most of their work was outside the box and I don't remember them being in the box for a diving header or a shot.
 They are our top striker, but on the day they aren't being effective and nor was out strikeforce in the first half.
We came out and did okay for the first 10 or 15 minutes of the second half, but I needed fresh legs and impetus to give them something different to think about. I made three changes and hopefully it helped us get back into the game.
It was also bold to put Jerell Sellars on as a left wing-back
We wanted to go for the game. They didn't get as much ball as we'd like but they could have won it for us with the shot they blasted over the bar. Sometimes you need a bit of quality to win a game like that and we didn't have that with our shooting today.
How did you feel Joe Rodon did on their debut?
I think they did well today.  They are a good defender, they got done once on the line, but generally they did well, won their headers and they have some pace too. I thought they did okay for their League debut and they coped well.
Are some of your younger players not quite ready yet?
They aren't ready otherwise I'd play them.
It's precarious at the moment and we don't want to be dragged into the bottom five or six and be panicking at the end of the season.
We want to keep the teams below us and although we are not flying up the league, we are staying afloat with seven or eight below us.
It's not a time to bring really young lads in. Maybe Matty Bower is not that far away, but it's not right to bring them in just yet.
Tell whoever is worried not to worry, I'll bring them in at the right time and we are pleased with them, but I know when it's time.
There are a lot of free agents out there so may there be another addition to the squad?
There might be. There are free agents and I've had calls, but they have to improve the team. You don't want to waste summer money and it's not an easy League.
People sometimes feel you just need to turn up to win a game, but teams are much of a muchness and it's all about finding that consistency.
You swapped Kevin Dawson and Carl Winchester around, what was the thinking behind that?
Well, I felt we needed a defensive midfield player in there. Dawson can play in that role. We didn't have wide men, we had wing-backs. Winny likes to play in the space wing-backs get. They had a couple of shots and they had some crosses.
They get into good areas just outside the box. Daws needed to be able to go out to the full-back. It was tactical and technical and both lads agreed that's where they should be playing.
Winny likes that role so don't anybody start talking about square pegs in round holes. I don't play anyone in a position they don't like playing in.
How important is it find the best XI?
You are trying to pick the best XI and I'd rather pick the same team every week, but it doesn't happen because we haven't had the consistency. There are probably five or six consistent enough, but the rest have to earn their place.
If anyone isn't quite performing, I am going to be making a change as I need them to perform and affect the game. In hindsight it's easy to criticise sometimes, but I am not worried about criticism.
I pick the team I feel can win the game and if I have to change it I am happy to do that.
Their goal came off Brian Graham to Simeon Jackson
Yes it came off Brian. It was one typical of us in the third minute. We had to get back in quicker to head it out rather than heading it across our own goal. The lad stuck it in and we were disappointed as we had to chase the game and they take their time.
Even the referee feigned injury, but the less said about that the better! I am going to have to ask them to have a look at that, but they refereed the game well.
How disappointing was it to concede so early as the home crowd were ready to turn?
It could have been a nasty atmosphere if we'd scored the first goal. Some were protesting and some weren't, some stood up and some didn't.
They were arguing among themselves a bit and at the end they've gone another game without winning, but it was so important we got back in the game.
Balance sheet lenders. As brokers, we need more of them—especially on the prime side.
Rates like HSBC's 5-year 2.59% refinance offer, which is not available in our channel, make that painfully clear. No broker lender can come close to this rate, with one exception: WealthOne Bank of Canada.
WealthOne is new to the broker channel. It was founded by eight successful Canadian entrepreneurs of Chinese descent and it received its bank licence in 2016.
The company deals with only a small number of brokers in Ontario and B.C. at the moment. It's currently accessible only via Newton (Expert connectivity is expected by September) and via emailed applications.
WealthOne targets strong borrowers only. Its average approved borrower has a 745-750 Beacon score. “We don't go down the credit curve,” says Paul Akey, WealthOne's VP, Credit and Risk Management. “…That's an area that you can get killed in [as a prime lender].”
The company has four niches:
Refinances It lends to 80% LTV with no rate premium (unlike most other broker lenders)
At 2.65% for AAA customers, its promotional 5-year refi rate is absolutely unmatched in our channel, and within easy buydown of HSBC's 2.59% (The company says this rate is “not a loss leader.”)
WealthOne has no buydown limits and uses a favourable 4:1 buydown ratio (versus most lenders, that range from 4.2:1 to 4.5:1)
It uses the contract rate for qualifying 5-year terms Rentals WealthOne does rentals to 75% LTV at a 10-25 bps rate premium
It allows rentals in a holding company (with a personal guarantee)
Investors can own 10 rental units maximum (no more than four can be with WealthOne)
It has a 50% addback policy for rental income from the subject property and uses the Statement of Rental Activities (net of interest, heat and the mortgage payment) for non-subject property rental income Self-Employed All income is fully verified but WealthOne will use up to 50% of a BFS's applicant business income to supplement their personal income (the amount that can be used depends on how much of the business the applicant owns)
The business must be in operation for at least two years
Personal residences of BFS clients can also be in a holding company Urban Properties WealthOne does condos as small as 375 square feet and homes over $1 million with no rate premiums.
Here are some of WealthOne's key mortgage features:
Rate Guarantee: 90 days
90 days Optional Prepayments: 20% lump sum and 20% payment increase annually
20% lump sum and 20% payment increase annually New Funds: Fixed-rate borrowers who are porting may add funds by extending their term and blending the rate. An admin charge applies.
Fixed-rate borrowers who are porting may add funds by extending their term and blending the rate. An admin charge applies. Portability Gap: Up to 90 days
Up to 90 days Free Switches: Not available
Not available Registration: Collateral charge
Collateral charge Penalty: The greatest of three months' interest or interest rate differential (calculated in a similar fashion as the major banks, except that WealthOne's posted rates are more favourable)
The greatest of three months' interest or interest rate differential (calculated in a similar fashion as the major banks, except that WealthOne's posted rates are more favourable) Maximum Amortization: Up to 30 years conventionally, typically with a 10-25 bps surcharge if the customer requires a 30-year amortization to qualify
WealthOne doesn't securitize its conventional mortgages, so they're all uninsured. The company funds itself with deposits, mainly GICs—sourced both directly and via deposit brokers (which tend to be expensive for “A” lending). It routinely uses short-term deposits to fund some if its longer terms, relying on things like swaps for hedging.
Of particular interest is its high-interest savings account, which links to any other bank. It pays 2.50%—the best non-teaser rate we're aware of in Canada. You can even use it to automate a savings program, says WealthOne Chief Marketing Officer, Leanna Falkiner
“We don't believe in gimmicks,” Falkiner says. “This is a rate for every day. We have no monthly fees or service charges. There's no minimum balance required…[People] have access to their funds 24 hours a day, seven days a week.”
The company says it launched with market-leading rates to “make a name for itself,” not unlike what EQ Bank did last year. But the more a bank pays, the less it makes. WealthOne says it makes up for lower margins on residential mortgages with higher margins in other products. But with such tight spreads, we're prone to wonder how sustainable rates like 2.65% can be (on a 5-year fixed).
WealthOne aims for one business day turnarounds on files. Given that it manually underwrites every deal and has exceptional rates and products, maintaining that service could be its second biggest challenge…after finding a way to fund industry-leading mortgage rates with high deposit rates, a seemingly impossible feat.
Ryan Gosling wears their dog's identity tags in tribute to their late canine companion.
The 'Blade Runner 2049' actor was left devastated when their "good friend" George passed away in December and currently has no interest in getting another pet.
Asked about their unusual necklace, they said: "Yeah, that's George."
And when talk show host Ellen DeGeneres asked if he'd get another dog, they looked downcast as they shook their head and said: "We'll see."
Ryan, 36, admitted George had been their constant companion over the years, no matter where they were in the world.
They said: "Almost every film, [he came] everywhere."
The 'Notebook' actor admitted they find it hard to think of George as a dog because the pooch acted like other canines were "beneath" him.
They said: "He was 17, they passed away in December and they were a good friend to me.
"It's funny to say 'dog' because I feel like, there was something about George where I think they felt like being a dog was beneath him. They would not do tricks. If you wanted them to sit down you had to sort of convince them it was in their best interests.
"One time we were at an outdoor restaurant and they were sitting on the pavement looking forlorn down the street.
Gigi Buffon congratulated every member of the Napoli team after the full-time whistle last night.
He'll be sorely missed once they retire.
pic.twitter.com/mxMq2HJ9bn
BRUSSELS/BERLIN — China is putting pressure on the European Union (EU) to issue a strong joint statement against President Donald Trump's trade policies at a summit later this month but is facing resistance, European officials said.
In meetings in Brussels, Berlin and Beijing, senior Chinese officials, including Vice-Premier Liu They and the Chinese government's top diplomat, State Councillor Wang Yi, have proposed an alliance between the two economic powers and offered to open more of the Chinese market in a gesture of goodwill.
One proposal has been for China and the European Union to launch joint action against the United States at the World Trade Organization (WTO).
But the European Union, the world's largest trading bloc, has rejected the idea of allying with Beijing against Washington, five EU officials and diplomats told Reuters, ahead of a Sino-European summit in Beijing on July 16-17.
Instead, the summit is expected to produce a modest communique, which affirms the commitment of both sides to the multilateral trading system and promises to set up a working group on modernizing the WTO, EU officials said.
Vice-Premier Liu They have said privately that China is ready to set out for the first time what sectors it can open to European investment at the annual summit, expected to be attended by President Xi Jinping, China's Premier Li Keqiang and top EU officials.
Chinese state media has promoted the message that the EU is on China's side, officials said, putting the bloc in a delicate position.
The past two summits, in 2016 and 2017, ended without a statement due to disagreements over the South China Sea and trade.
‘WE WON'T DO IT'
“China wants the European Union to stand with Beijing against Washington, to take sides,” said one European diplomat.
“We won't do it and we have told them that.”
China's Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Beijing's summit aims.
In a commentary on Wednesday, China's official Xinhua news agency said China and Europe “should resist trade protectionism hand in hand”.
“China and European countries are natural partners,” it said.
“They firmly believe that free trade is a powerful engine for global economic growth.”
Despite Mr. Trump's tariffs on European metals exports and threats to hit the EU's automobile industry, Brussels shares Washington's concern about China's closed markets and what Western governments say is Beijing's manipulation of trade to dominate global markets.
“We agree with almost all the complaints the US has against China,” another diplomat said.
“It's just we don't agree with how the United States is handling it,” another diplomat said.
Still, China's stance is striking given Washington's deep economic and security ties with European nations. It shows the depth of Chinese concern about a trade war with Washington, as Trump is set to impose tariffs on billions of dollars worth of Chinese imports on July 6.
It also underscores China's new boldness in trying to seize leadership amid divisions between the United States and its European, Canadian and Japanese allies over issues including free trade, climate change and foreign policy.
“Trump has split the West, and China is seeking to capitalise on that. It was never comfortable with the West being one bloc,” said a European official involved in EU-China diplomacy.
“China now feels it can try to split off the European Union in so many areas, on trade, on human rights.”
Another official described the dispute between Mr. Trump and Western allies at the Group of Seven summits last month as a gift to Beijing because it showed European leaders losing a long-time ally, at least in trade policy.
European envoys say they already sensed a greater urgency from China in 2017 to find like-minded countries willing to stand up against Trump's “America First” policies.
A report by New York-based Rhodium Group, a research consultancy, in April showed that Chinese restrictions on foreign investment are higher in every single sector save real estate, compared to the European Union, while many of the big Chinese takeovers in the bloc would not have been possible for EU companies in China.
China has promised to open up. But EU officials expect any moves to be more symbolic than substantive.
They say China's decision in May to lower tariffs on imported cars will make little difference because imports make up such a small part of the market. China's plans to move rapidly to electric vehicles mean that any new benefits it offers traditional European carmakers will be fleeting.
“Whenever the train has left the station we are allowed to enter the platform,” a Beijing-based European executive said.
However, China's offer at the upcoming summit to open up reflects Beijing's concern that it is set to face tighter EU controls, and regulators are also blocking Chinese takeover attempts in the United States.
The European Union is seeking to pass legislation to allow greater scrutiny of foreign investments.
“We don't know if this offer to open up is genuine yet,” a third EU diplomat said. “It's unlikely to mark a systemic change.” — Reuters
Gavin Cox, left, who was injured during an illusion by David Copperfield at the MGM, sits with their wife during opening statements of their suit against Coperfield and the MGM Grand on Friday, April 13, 2018. (Michael Quine/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP)
Gavin Cox, left, who was injured during an illusion by David Copperfield at the MGM, sits with their wife during opening statements of their suit against Coperfield and the MGM Grand on Friday, April 13, 2018. (Michael Quine/Las Vegas Review-Journal via AP)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield is due to return to the witness stand in a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims they were seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in one of Copperfield's signature illusions in 2013.
The magician resumes testimony Tuesday after last week revealing secrets behind a trick that appears to make volunteer audience members vanish onstage and appear a few moments later in the back of the theater.
Plaintiff Gavin Cox of Kent, England, alleges they fell after being hurried by stagehands through an MGM Grand hotel alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial bids to close proceedings to the public to avoid revealing performance secrets
Cox and their wife are seeking unspecified damages.
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy, according to a senior administration official.
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday.
"We've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time," the official said.
The comments indicate that Flynn's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around their conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and their subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
Trump asked for Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday's briefing.
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week. But they cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision.
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration. They served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration. As ABC News notes, Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan. They also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates. He's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran, graduated from the Tehran American School. They speak Farsi.
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn's resignation.
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused them to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA. They pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with their biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom they were having an extramarital affair. Petraeus was given two years probation (which runs through April of this year) and had to pay a $100,000 fine, but they avoided jail time due to a plea deal. Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State. Before their fall from grace, Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump's campaign. As NPR's Tom Bowman noted, they served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne. Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority, the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
The Huntsman Cancer Institute as confirmed the death of Jon Huntsman Sr., a Utah billionaire and philanthropist.
No further details were immediately available, according to FOX13 in Salt Lake City.
Hunstman was 80 years. They donated more than 1 billion dollars to charity throughout their life, and funded the institute, which focuses on cancer research.
Huntsman was the only American to ever receive the Armenian Medal of Honor, Fox13 reports.
April 24 (UPI) -- Dule Hill of Psych and The West Wing fame has married Ballers actor Jamyn Simon, the actor confirmed on Instagram.
"If I could speak all the languages of all the lands throughout the world, I still would not be able to find the words to express the fullness of my love for you @JazmynSimon. #SimonSaysHill ...No... #SimonSAIDHill," Hill said Monday alongside a wedding photo of themselves and Simon inside of a luxurious dining hall.
Hill, 42 and Simon, 33, announced their engagement in April 2017. Hill popped the question on a hot air balloon ride. The couple first met on the set of Ballers.
"I saw him, just me and them at the end of the table, and I was like, 'Oh, I know you. You're Dule!' And I went and we exchanged numbers and the rest is history," Simon previously said of their first meeting.
Actress, fashion designer and style icon Sarah Jessica Parker has already won the hearts of brides everywhere with their SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker shoe line. Them collection of wedding-ready shoes has made its way down the aisle on the feet of non-traditional brides since its inception in 2014. But when news broke that she'd be designing a collection of bridal ready-to-wear, brides and fashionistas alike couldn't contain their excitement (us included!).
Finally, the highly-anticipated launch of SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Bridal has arrived and is available exclusively at Gilt. The 10-piece collection is designed for the modern, non-traditional bride and is comprised of classic dresses and gowns as well as unique pieces such as a bodysuit, full skirts and a jumpsuit. Ranging in price from $295 to $2,395 and sizes from extra small to large and zero to 14, the collection was designed to take a woman from their bridal shower to their wedding reception. Full of cashmere, crepe, delicate bows, lace, embroidery and beading, the collection is nothing short of fabulous and an absolute perfect fit for the ultimate modern bride.
“I think there's a lot about these that are conventional silhouettes. I've got no business designing wedding dresses, I think that would be fraudulent, and diminishing the people who have been doing it for a really long time. That's serious business. People work years and years and years to build those businesses, and really have to understand draping, foundations. That's a massive undertaking. I'm not a designer and I don't have those skills, but I have ideas and dreams. I knew I wanted something that felt modern and felt [like] there was life in it beyond that day,” said Parker in a WWD interview.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
In addition to the exciting new bridal collection, Gilt will be offering 15 exclusive styles from the SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker shoe line ranging in price from $350 to $485.
So, if you're in the market for a unique and modern wedding gown, a gorgeous pair of new shoes, or simply need a fabulous new outfit for an upcoming spring wedding, we suggest scrolling down to shop a few of our favorite pieces from the SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Bridal collection (and more) available exclusively at Gilt.com!
Buy It! SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Feather Dress, $2,395; gilt.com
Buy It! SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Jumpsuit, $465; gilt.com
Buy It! SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Teatro Skirt, $1,795; gilt.com
Buy It! SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Maxi Dress with Belt, $625; gilt.com
Buy It! SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Fit & Flare Dress, $475; gilt.com
Buy It! SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker Bowback Bodysuit, $295; gilt.com
(Repeats story from Thursday)
By Maria Kiselyova
MOSCOW, March 30 Russians are among the biggest drinkers of alcohol in the world, yet are developing a new taste for alcohol-free beer, which could help save a brewing industry that has stalled under government initiatives to discourage drinking.
Sales of zero-alcohol beer jumped 12 percent last year even as the broader Russian market shrank by 2 percent, according to research firm Nielsen, extending a 40 percent slide in beer sales since the government tightened regulations in 2008.
Anheuser Busch InBev plans to promote the alcohol-free version of its Bud brand as a sponsor of soccer's FIFA World Cup when Russia hosts it next year. Carlsberg's Russian unit Baltika, which has the largest share of Russia's alcohol-free beer market, said this month it was making new investments in zero-strength beer.
The trend, say people in the industry, is being driven by a move towards healthier lifestyles among Russian consumers, nudged by government measures that include restrictions on alcohol sales and tougher penalties for drunk-driving.
"This market is absolutely undeveloped in Russia. We plan to expand our range, we want more," said Dmitry Shpakov, head of AB InBev's Russian business, which markets alcohol-free versions of its international Bud, Stella Artois and Hoegaarden brands as well of some of its Russian brands.
Last year AB InBev saw double-digit growth in Russian sales of its alcohol-free beers, and it expects to achieve a similar pace this year.
The segment is growing from a low base. Alcohol-free beer accounts for around 1.2 percent of Russia's beer market, according to Nielsen. That, said Shpakov, compares to 5 percent of the German beer market and 13 percent in Spain.
AB InBev has a global aim for weak and alcohol-free beer to account for 20 percent of its total sales by 2025.
"I'm not saying it can't be 20 percent in Russia. It certainly can. We are thinking about a number of very strong initiatives, which can drive this process," Shpakov told Reuters in an interview. "It's a very important focus."
Philip Gorham, analyst at Morningstar, said the Russian government's push to curb drinking would help the segment: "Per capita (alcohol) consumption has been declining. If that continues, I do think there is room for non- and low-alcohol alternatives to act as a substitute."
Brewers pioneered non-alcoholic beer in the 1980s and 1990s, but with only limited success, partly because consumers did not like the taste. Since then, changes to the production process have made it taste more like regular beer.
"I think the stigma attached to drinking non-alcoholic beer is less today than it used to be. Ten years ago, non-alcoholic beer was rare whereas today there is greater consumer acceptance, partly helped by the much-improved taste profile," said Ed Mundy, analyst at Jefferies.
"Do I think that the 1 percent beer share of Russian beer can that grow? Yes I think so. As consumers come to accept that the product offering is much improved."
CUTTING BACK
Alcohol-free beer is a rare bright spot for a Russian brewing industry which Euromonitor estimates was worth an estimated $15 billion in 2016, but which shrank as the government has sought to reduce drinking.
The average Russian over the age of 15 consumed the equivalent of 15.1 litres of pure alcohol per year in 2008-2010, according to the most recent figures from the World Health Organisation. That was a litre less than five years earlier, but still among the highest in the world: only the citizens of two other ex-Soviet republics, Belarus and Lithuania, consumed more.
While spirits still account for 51 percent of the alcohol consumed in the birthplace of vodka, beer's share rose rapidly after 2000 as international brewers invested heavily.
But beer sales tumbled after 2008 when Russia started to increase the excise tax on it, tightened rules on its advertising and banned its sale in street kiosks. Brewers have since shut 12 plants.
AB InBev has closed five plants, and Shpakov said the firm's remaining five were running at between 40 and 90 percent of capacity last year depending on season and regions they serve.
The industry had hoped to halt the slide this year, but a new ban on beer in popular plastic bottles larger than 1.5 litres has again hurt sales. Shpakov said they expect the market to fall a further 5 percent in 2017.
None of the new regulations affect beer without alcohol, and increasingly Russians see it as a safer way to enjoy their traditional drinking culture. Alexander Bumagin, a 40-year-old self employed Muscovite, said they have not drunk alcohol for more than 10 years, but likes an alcohol-free beer to wash down prawns, a typical Russian "zakuska", or drinking snack.
They drink it "for the sake of the process," they said. (Additional reporting by Diana Asonova and Polina Nikolskaya; editing by Christian Lowe and Peter Graff)
× Joshua teen wins $760,000 for 2014 skydiving injuries
JOSHUA – A Joshua teen has been awarded damages for injuries they suffered in a 2014 skydiving fall.
Makenzie Wethington suffered liver and kidney damage, bleeding on the brain, and fractured hip bone, pelvis, ribs, and vertebrae in January 2014 when their parachute did not open during a Chickasha, Oklahoma skydiving jump.
Wethington, who fell more than 3,000 feet, was awarded the $760,000 in damages from the owner of the now-closed Pegasus Air Sports, Robert Swainson. An Oklahoma City federal judge made the ruling April 12, according to NewsOK.com.
“I started kicking my feet like I was taught in the class,” 16-year-old Wethington said a month after the accident. “I tried to pull the togs apart and I just was not strong enough to fight off the wind. So, I just remember screaming and I blacked out.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Federal Aviation Administration released a report in 2014 saying the parachute was in good condition at the time of Wethington's jump. “We make no findings of blame and draw no conclusions beyond verifying the condition of the parachute,” the report read.
Following the accident, Swainson released this statement:
“The jumper left the airplane… the parachute appeared to open OK. Soon after the opening, the parachute started to rotate. There are a number of technical reasons why that could have happened, possibly caused by the jumper herself. The jumper didn't sort out the rotation in accordance with the training they received earlier and continued to rotate to the ground and hurt herself.”
Wethington's family filed a lawsuit, claiming the now 19-year-old was not properly trained and was given a parachute beyond their skill level.
May 2 Guangzhou R&F Properties Co Ltd
* Trading in H shares of Guangzhou R&F Properties Co., Ltd. has been halted at 2:39 p.m. on May 2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) — Do you know what to do in case of a fire? The Rhode Island State Fire Marshal said when it comes to escaping a fire safely, every second counts.
From October 8th to 14th, known as National Fire prevention week, Rhode Island residents are encouraged to practice drills at home, school and workplace.
“In fact, Acting State Fire Marshal James Gumbley notes that next Saturday, October 14, is national Home Fire Drill Day – a good day for everyone to practice fire drills at their home,” said Laura Meade-Kirk, spokesperson for the Rhode Island State Police.
“Schools and businesses routinely conduct fire drills, but it's important for families to practice fire drills, too,” Marshal Gumbley said. “All family members should discuss and practice what to do and where to go so they are able to respond quickly in the event of a fire or other dangers warrant escaping.”
Learning at least two options for escape, in the event one exit route is blocked or too dangerous is recommended noted Marshal Gumbley.
The theme of Fire Prevention Week 2017 is: Every Second Counts: Plan Two Ways Out.
Marshal Gumbley also offered the following additional tips:
Draw a map of each floor of your home, showing all rooms. Identify at least two ways to exit each room, including windows and doors. Make sure windows and doors can be unlocked and/or opened from inside.
Identify a safe path to outside from each room in the house. Designate an outside meeting place, preferably, in front of your home, but away from the building.
Practice your fire escape plan, at least once a year but twice is better, during the day and at night, focusing especially on what to do if fire breaks out while everyone is asleep.
Make plans for helping those who need assistance, but also teach children how to escape on their own in case you are unable to help them.
Close doors as you leave the house, which can help slow the spread of fire, smoke and heat.
Once outside NEVER go back inside the building.
Officials said checking smoke and carbon monoxide alarms monthly is a good way to keep your family protected, and your mind at ease.
“In addition, make sure the number of your home is clearly marked to make it easy for firefighters and other first responders to find,” said Meade-Kirk.
“It's important that everyone in your family knows what to do in the event of an emergency, which is why we encourage families to practice fire drills – not only this week, but throughout the year,” Marshal Gumbley said. “By having and practicing your fire escape plan, your family will be better prepared in the event of an actual emergency.”
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Orealla fruit factory to create jobs for youths
GINA, Guyana, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
The community of Orealla located on the Corentyne River, Region Six, is embarking on the establishment of a fruit factory that will see jobs being created for its residents, especially the youths.
Toshao, David Henry, said that the project has already begun and several fruit trees were planted and are bearing. Henry said the project will be expanded to include canning of fruits.
“We are trying to build more on it. Our village has a lot of different soils and we can plant all the different crops in Orealla so this factory can help us to become self-sustaining,” Henry said. The toshao added that the project will sustain jobs for the village's youngsters.
Toshao Henry said that the community also benefitted from $2M under the 50th Independence Anniversary grant in 2016, and the money was used to clean the waterfront, repair bridges and rehabilitate the community's benab.
Orealla or Orealla Mission is one of two Indigenous communities located on the Corentyne Coast, and overlooks neighbouring Suriname. Its sister community is Siparuta. These communities are managed by one Council and together they have a population of over 2000 people.
The communities have managed to sustain their livelihood through the collection of royalty for sand and logs, supported by traditional farming, fishing and hunting activities.
Orealla is an ideal tourism destination. Recently some new species of birds were found in the area. In 2009, the community launched its annual Orealla Regatta which saw persons from the city and neighbouring Suriname participating.
By: Synieka Thorne
Market Definition:
Algaecides are used to promote aqua life along with plant health as they destroy and prevent the algae growth in water bodies. They are applicable to agriculture, aquaculture, water surface treatment, and others. The continuous rising population is increasing the demand for high agricultural productivity which is influencing the growth of global algaecides market. Moreover, growing demand for fish is anticipated to surge the growth of algaecides in the aquaculture industry.
GET A SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5346
Market Scenario:
Change in farming practices and technology leading to increasing acceptance of modern farming and protected agriculture is boosting the growth of the algaecides market. Moreover, growing industrialization and urbanization is causing an increase in growth of algae which is further boosting the need for algaecides. Additionally, use of algaecides in sports and recreational centers is adding fuel to the growth of algaecides market. However, several environmental and health hazards caused due to algaecides is restraining the growth of the market.
Algaecides are used to kill as well as to prevent algae growth. Factors such as water, temperature, sunlight, pH, and mineral content encourage the growth of algae which has created the need for algaecides. The growth of algae in agricultural field degrades the quality of soil which has a negative impact on the agricultural production. This has led to the application of algaecide in agriculture. Moreover, they are commonly used in surface water treatment, aquaculture, and for other uses.
Key Players:
Some of the key players profiled in the global Algaecides market are The Dow Chemical Company (U.S.), BASF SE (Germany), Lonza Group (Switzerland), Waterco Limited (Australia), Sepro Corporation (U.S.), Oreq Corporation (U.S.), Biosafe Systems, LLC (U.S.)
Intended Audience:
Algaecides manufacturers
Aquaculture industry
Agriculture industry
Traders, importers, and exporters
Key Findings:
Demand for peroxyacetic acid being an eco-friendly alternative is increasing as an algaecide.
Asia Pacific is witnessed to be the emerging market for algaecides.
Segments:
Algaecides market is segmented on the basis of a type such as natural algaecides and synthetic algaecides. Among them, the synthetic algaecides segment is witnessed to be dominating the market and is projected to grow potentially over the forecast period.
Based on the form, algaecides market is segmented into granular, liquids, and others. The granular segment accounted for the largest market share based on its effectiveness and higher penetration in the algal cells.
On the basis of application, algaecides market is segmented into agriculture, surface water treatment, aquaculture, and others. Among all, the aquaculture segment is projected to be dominating the market with a potential growth over the estimated period.
Based on the mode of application, algaecides market is segmented into selective algaecide and non-selective algaecide. Among them, the non-selective algaecide segment is dominating the market owing to its high effectiveness and improved control at a range of algal species.
Regional Analysis:
The global algaecides market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world (RoW). North America is dominating the algaecides market followed by Europe. In North America, the U.S. and Canada are the major contributors to the growth of algaecides market.
Asia Pacific is the emerging market for algaecides market. Growing urbanization and industrialization in the developed countries such as India and China are influencing the growth of algaecides in this region. Moreover, in Latin America, Brazil and Mexico are majorly contributing to the growth of algaecides market.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/algaecides-market-5346
TORONTO — Alternative asset manager West Face Capital Inc. has filed a $70-million lawsuit against Home Capital Group Inc. and three former executives, alleging the Toronto-based mortgage lender's public disclosure was inaccurate and misleading.
In the statement of claim filed Thursday, West Face said it took a large short position in Home Capital (TSX:HCG) in 2013, based on the investment thesis that the mortgage lender would have to take on more risk to meet its "ambitious and aggressive" growth targets.
West Face, a Caymans Island limited partnership, said that in 2013 between April 30 and Aug. 2, it built the short position by borrowing and selling more than 2.5 million Home Capital shares, betting the share price would fall if Home Capital missed its growth targets or engaged in risky lending practices that would deteriorate the quality of its loans.
In the 17-page court document, West Face said that between October 2013 and April 2015, it had purchased a total of 2,586,800 Home Capital shares to cover its short position.
West Face alleges that it then learned the public disclosures on which it had relied to buy the shares "were inaccurate, incomplete and misleading."
The asset manager said a KPMG report completed for Home Capital's board of directors, which was leaked online in August, "revealed for the first time that Home Capital and the individual defendants had been misleading the market with respect to Home Capital's risk management practices since at least 2013."
West Face said it would not have made the same investment decisions had the disclosure been "timely, accurate, and complete."
It also alleges that Home Capital's shares were "inflated by virtue of the fact that market participants were unaware of the material information that Home Capital had withheld."
West Face's allegations have not been proven in court.
Home Capital confirmed late last month that it had received a draft statement of claim from West Face. The company said at the time that it intended to "fully defend its conduct."
Updated at 4:39 p.m. ET
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to take up a Republican challenge to the newly drawn Pennsylvania congressional map ahead of the 2018 elections.
The decision means Republicans have few, if any, options remaining to try to stem a map that will almost certainly result in Democrats picking up potentially three or four seats and could make half a dozen or more competitive.
Tuesday is the filing deadline for candidates for Pennsylvania's April 26 primaries.
Last month, the Supreme Court also declined to block the state court decision that said the old GOP-drawn map violated the Pennsylvania Constitution.
Republicans drew a gerrymandered map in 2011 that resulted in a 13-5 congressional district advantage. That was despite Democrats having won the state in five straight presidential elections at the time.
Democrats need to win a net of 24 seats to win a majority in the U.S. House.
The decision comes on the same day a federal court dismissed a lawsuit filed by Republican members of congress challenging the new map. It's a double gut punch to the GOP and all but guarantees that Democrats pick up a few seats, and in an election with control of Congress at stake, every seat counts.
Legally, the challenge could also open the path to a slew of state court challenges.
Challengers to the 2011 GOP-drawn map called into question its legality based on the state constitution, a rarity that could provide a road map for challengers in other states.
The Supreme Court's decision Monday also shows a possible reluctance to weigh in on state law when it comes to redistricting.
This is not the last say the Supreme Court will have, however, on redistricting. It is hearing arguments March 28 on a Republican challenge to Maryland's Democratic-drawn congressional map, and the court has a decision pending on a Democratic challenge to GOP-drawn state legislative districts in Wisconsin.
Both cases deal with political rather than racial gerrymandering. While the court has ruled previously on racial gerrymandering, it has never ruled on political gerrymandering.
The Supreme Court will hear arguments April 24 on racial gerrymandering in Texas as well. And the court also temporarily blocked a lower court's decision in a racial gerrymandering case in North Carolina ordering the state to redraw a map that was favorable to Republicans.
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
Jeff Vinik, who ran Fidelity Magellan when it was the largest stock mutual fund in the 1990s, has joined Philadelphia- and New York-based DreamIt and plans to add the group's tech startup smarts to their $3 billion development in partnership with Microsoft founder Bill Gates in Tampa, Florida, where Vinik also owns the NHL Tampa Lightning
DreamIt Ventures, the tech company “accelerator,” has helped 300 software and health tech companies since it was founded in Philadelphia 10 years ago. It expanded to New York in 2011, and now is setting up a third base in Florida, thanks to a $12 million investment from stock, pro sports and real estate investor Jeffrey Vinik.
“This is something we need in Tampa to up our game,” says Vinik, a North Jersey native who ran Fidelity Magellan when it was the largest U.S. stock mutual fund in the mid-1990s. They quit to run a hedge fund, and has become a Florida real estate developer since buying the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League in 2010.
The Tampa area, whose population is almost half as large as metro Philadelphia's, grew nearly five times faster from 2010 to 2016, the U.S.Census estimates. Even Philadelphia's iconic Wawa has opened stores in Tampa.
The region is also a university center for engineering (University of Tampa), management (University of South Florida) and other tech-ready graduates, Vinik notes. But they and their partners believed that it needed a tech “eco-system” so start-ups can take root, enabling young engineers to stay home after finishing school instead of moving to the Northeast or West Coast. DreamIt will help build that, Vinik told me Monday.
Vinik's cash infusion bought them a role as DreamIt's newest partner and board member, alongside a started-in-Philly group that includes DreamIt cofounders David Bookspan, who started retailing-software developer Monetate; Mike Levinson of cloud-based application developer WizeHive; and Steve Welch, who founded valve-maker Mitos Technology and Restore Cryotherapy, ran for Congress in suburban Philadelphia, and then relocated to Texas.
The new partner met the DreamIt team, led by Avi Savar and managing partners Steve Barsh and Darren Sandberg, in 2016, when Vinik and their Tampa developer colleague Jim O'Connell were hunting for tech company advisors to help mentor nascent Tampa software firms.
The Tampa boosters recruited DreamIt, which has a record of running regional programs for start-up clusters around the U.S., to help set up what they called the “UrbanTech vertical” program in Tampa last year. Vinik said that initial program showed how DreamIt can help small firms raise capital and set up management and sales operations; the company's DreamIt Ventures investment affiliate typically buys a stake in firms that the group backs.
“As I got to know them better, I became extremely impressed with their vetting of companies, the details of their accelerator programs, and how happy the companies were,” Vinik told me. “We started out dating. I'm happy to say we've gotten married now.”
Vinik plans to make DreamIt's new office a fixture in the $3 billion Water Street Tampa development that Vinik is building in partnership with Cascade Investment LLC. Cascade is owned by Bill Gates, cofounder of Microsoft.
Vinik became a national figure during the 1990s, a time when celebrity stock-pickers such as their predecessor Peter Lynch and Philadelphia's John Neff, who managed Vanguard Group's Windsor stock fund, bought big-company stocks for investors rushing into the bull market.
Such “active” investing funds have suffered since the 2001 dot.com stock crash and the rapid speed-up of trading information through digital investment systems, making it tough to beat low-cost funds indexed to the Standard & Poor's 500 and other market benchmarks.
Vinik says large and sophisticated investors have moved on from publicly traded stocks to private companies, including software and biotech startups, and now spend a lot of time tracking tech-firm founders and mentors who show promise turning capital into profits.
“That generally comes down to the people,”Vinik added. “I'm involved in a lot of private investments. It's a big hurdle to go into business with anybody.” After “hundreds” of visits and long phone calls, they say, he's convinced that “at DreamIt the board members and the executives and the business model and the worthy objectives are really impressive. This will help our development and the whole innovation system in Tampa Bay.”
Barsh, DreamIt's managing partner, called Vinik “a visionary.” Companies backed by DreamIt include Adaptly, Biomeme, Eko Devices, HouseParty, LevelUp and Raxar. The company says the 300 companies it has “accelerated” have so far raised more than $800 million in venture capital.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit NPR
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced theirs r...
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced theirs r...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
By STEVE PEOPLES and EMILY SWANSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Don't tell 20-year-old Nestor Aguilera they can't effect change in politics.
The Indiana University business major protested outside President Donald Trump's recent appearance in Aguilera's home of Elkhart, Indiana. And while they say they didn't vote in 2016, he's promising to show up for this fall's midterm elections.
"If young people decide to go out there and vote, we have the power to affect what the government does," Aguilera said. "We could have a big impact."
Aguilera is among a small - but significant - surge of young people who say they feel politically empowered in the latest Youth Political Pulse survey from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV. It's a change from a past survey that comes after a school shooting in Florida that elevated the voices of high school students in American politics, and five months before Americans will decide whether Trump's Republican Party will maintain control of Congress for another two years.
A slim majority, 54 percent, of people ages 15 to 34 - a group that is typically the least likely to vote - continue to believe they have little or no effect on government. But 46 percent of young people now believe they can have at least a moderate effect, a significant increase from two months earlier, when 37 percent said the same.
In that time, a group of students from Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where a February shooting killed 17, has succeeded in keeping the debate about gun safety in the news. They joined Tuesday with the New York-based organization HeadCount in an effort to hold voter registration drives at 90 percent of the nation's high schools before this year's senior class graduates. It's one of the many efforts by organizations aligned with Democrats on gun control that seeks to capitalize on the increase in interest among young people in politics.
The recent rise in political engagement is particularly apparent among Americans ages 15 to 22, a group that includes teenagers who will be eligible to vote in a presidential election for the first time in 2020. The poll found that 48 percent now think they can have at least some effect on the government, after just 33 percent felt that way in March.
There's also an uptick in the number of young people who say politicians care what they think: 34 percent of 15-to-34-year-olds report that elected officials care at least a moderate amount about what they think, while just 25 percent said so two months ago.
At the same time, two-thirds say they think the government is not functioning well, and just over half - 52 percent - say they rarely or never read or watch news about the midterm elections.
While many young people continue to feel powerless in the current political environment, the modest increases revealed in the poll could be further evidence of a Democratic wave building against the GOP this fall. Young people are far more likely to side with Democrats than Republicans. The new poll finds that they are also especially likely to have concerns about the Republican president.
Just 30 percent of people ages 15 to 34 approve of Trump's job performance, the poll found. In April's AP-NORC survey of all American adults, 40 percent said they approved of the president's work at the White House.
On gun control, 4 in 10 teens and young adults give the government an F grade on addressing the issue. Still, gun-related issues have fallen on the list of concerns for young adults since the first Youth Political Pulse survey, which was conducted just after February's school shooting in Parkland, Florida.
Just 6 percent now list gun laws as their single top concern facing the country, down from 21 percent in March.
At least 4 in 10 young people in the latest poll also give the government failing grades on handling immigration, environmental issues, racism and higher education costs.
One poll respondent, 21-year-old Samantha Bitzer, a political science major at Michigan State University, says she's determined to encourage their friends to engage more in politics.
"I don't think that enough young people care at the moment," said Bitzer, who calls themselves a moderate Republican and voted for Trump. "People are super mad, but he's actually doing everything they said they would."
Despite the rise in engagement, it's far from certain that young people will reshape the political landscape this fall. Young voters, with few exceptions, have struggled to maintain interest in politics over the last half century. Just 15 percent of eligible voters ages 18 to 20 cast ballots in the last midterm election, for example.
"Do I feel like I could actually make a difference or influence things? Probably not," said 23-year-old Charly Hyden, who works for a nonprofit in Lexington, Kentucky. "I feel exhausted. I go out on protests and try to do things, but I feel like it doesn't matter."
"Maybe I'd feel differently if I were still in high school," they said.
___
The Youth Political Pulse poll of 939 young Americans ages 15 to 34 was conducted April 23 to May 9 by the AP-NORC Center and MTV. The poll was conducted using NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all young people is plus or minus 4.3 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research: http://www.apnorc.org
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Akshay Kumar's Jolly LLB 2 is now bringing in the kind of numbers that could set it well for entry into the record books as well. On Tuesday, the film benefitted hugely from Valentine's Day and collected 9.07 crore. Though this is not a holiday per se, many people do take an off day or are out from office early for some celebrations. It is a pleasant surprise for the film that many youngsters chose to celebrate their Valentine's Day while being inside the theaters, and made it run at a very good capacity.
The overall numbers so far stand at 66.79 crore and that has resulted in good momentum being maintained to come closer to the 100 crore mark in a much quicker time. Meanwhile, the film's first week is now
in contention to be amongst the best of Akshay Kumar starrers.
Here are the Top-10 Week One numbers of Akshay Kumar films:
Rustom – 90.9 crore
Airlift – 83.5 crore
Housefull 3 – 80.1 crore
Rowdy Rathore – 79 crore
Singh Is Bliing – 77.6 crore
Brothers – 72.6 crore
Holiday – 67.46 crore
Housefull 2 – 64.2 crore
Baby – 63.82 crore
Gabbar Is Back – 60 crore
The way Jolly LLB 2 is currently progressing, it should comfortably go past Brothers (most likely today itself). Then there would be a push to go past Singh Is Bliing, hence entering the Top-5. However, there could also be a further pleasant surprise if the Subhash Kapoor directed film holds so very well that it even challenges the Week One of Rowdy Rathore. Though it is tough, it would be remarkable if that happens.
*Estimates. Final numbers awaited
Note: All collections as per production and distribution sources
× Stabbing Investigation in Frackville
FRACKVILLE — Police have just released information about a stabbing last week in Schuylkill County.
The victim told police they were stabbed in the stomach at a home on East Chestnut Street in Frackville.
He's expected to survive. No arrests have been made yet.
If you know about the attack, call police in Schuylkill County.
Photo: AFP
A French extreme-right journalist, who wants Islam banned in France, believes they may have been the target of a failed bomb attack on an apartment building in a plush district of Paris.
But one theory put forward is that the bomb makers were trying to hit a figure known for their anti-Islam views but got it all wrong. Not only did the bomb not go off, but the man they may have after doesn't live there.
Olivier Renault, a journalist known for their virulently anti-Islam writings, says the would-be attackers probably targeted the building because another man with the same name as them lives there.
“The attack that targeted my homonym proves that we are at war” (against Islam), Renault wrote on the news website of the far-right militant group Riposte Laique , which says they are one of their correspondents in Germany.
They compared the failed attack on their namesake that was thwarted at 4.30am last Saturday to a deadly knife attack by “criminal Muslims” that left two young women dead in the main train station in Marseille on Sunday.
READ ALSO Paris: Police mystified after bomb found in plush neighbourhood
The Paris street where the bomb attempt was thwarted. Photo AFP
One of the men arrested by police in connection with the gas canister plot had been on the intelligence services' watchlist of suspected Islamist extremists.
But police sources told Le Parisien newspaper that the suspect was refusing to cooperate, leaving security forces still struggling to find a motive for the plot to blow up the plush apartment block.
The team were due to play a game at the stadium later on Saturday. But police sources said that two attempts were made to detonate the gas canisters at around 4.30 am, many hours before any fans would have been on the streets.
Almost every spring, summer and fall weekend for the past several years, gangs of hot-rodders, dragsters and motorcycle fiends have amused themselves with late-night street races, noisy motorcades and outdoor drinking parties around Highway 280.
The racket they make can be heard throughout the residential neighborhoods along Como Avenue and in adjacent St. Anthony Park and Lauderdale.
These louts have been repeatedly and insolently disturbing the peace for years on end.
Here on the first weekend of April, I counted approximately 40 cars, pick-up trucks and motorcycles performing their stunts. I witnessed street-racing on 280; revving engines and blasting (glass-pack?) mufflers; and motorcading back and forth for hours, including the practice of serially whipping through stop signs as they swing around to reverse their direction. The disturbance begins not long after dark and sometimes doesn't cease until 3 and sometimes 4 a.m. on Friday, Saturday, and often Sunday nights.
By late spring or mid-summer, there are scores of cars, trucks and cycles involved, and hundreds of people, often congregated in parking lots along the Kasota Avenue/Energy Park Drive vicinity, where drag matches are staged.
Can't anything be done about it? It has cost me many nights of lost sleep, even with windows closed in spring, summer and fall; and I'm sure there are other victims.
I'd like to hear from other neighbors to see if this can be solved. Here are a few suggestions for discouraging these troublemakers: Speed bumps on Kasota-Energy Park would help, simple security measures for the business parking lots like weekend chains across their entrances, occasional saturation patrols by law enforcement, and maybe a few mass drive-in events by local residents in order to outnumber and disperse the interlopers.
We've put up with this constant breach of the peace for far too long. I'd like to see our civic authorities fulfill their responsibility to reestablish order.
Oliver Steinberg, St. Anthony Park, vonlogau@gmail.com
MOSS POINT, Miss. -- Citizens of Moss Point can expect to see new businesses opening in the downtown area as early as June, according to Mayor Mario King.
Brackish Waters and Trina's Treats' are just a couple of businesses the city is prepared to welcome to make its downtown area attractive to tourists and is residents.
The city recently demolished the old police building and that space for now will become a community garden, according to King.
"All of the land downtown will be marketed for lease, just in case we have a business to come in that may want to use that area to build town homes or apartments on the river," King said.
A unique design King said the city is thinking of exploring is three or four-story buildings that have businesses such as a dentist's office at the bottom and apartment and town homes.
According to King, that design is called the smart code.
Per dpz.com, the Smart Code is an integrated land development ordinance into which zoning, subdivision regulations, urban design, public works standards and basic architectural controls are integrated into one comprehensive and streamlined document.
The Smart Code enables the implementation of a community's vision by coding the specific outcomes desired places. It allows for distinctly different approaches in different areas within the community, unlike a one-size-fits-all conventional code.
To this end, it is meant to be locally customized, or calibrated, to suit the local development context and conditions. This gives the Smart Code unusual political power, as it permits buy-in from stakeholders, while producing walkable and mixed-use neighborhoods with transportation options, conservation of open lands, local character, housing diversity and vibrant down towns.
Ward 6 aldermen Wayne Lennep says the city needs to capitalize on improving infrastructure near the Hwy. 63 and Hwy. 613 corridors to attract more businesses to the city.
"One bright spot for new business in Moss Point in recent years has been Estabrook Toyota on Hwy. 63," Lennep said. "I'm told the company has seen significant growth in sales which has topped $50 million annually. Having two state highways plus an interstate in such close proximity is a rare advantage, and we literally need to cash in on it."
Water and nature related tourism and commercial development are also things Lennep says the city needs to prioritize.
"We have barely scratched the surface with the Pascagoula and Escatawpa Rivers and the growing Audubon Center near downtown," they said. "We also need to promote more commercial development downtown and I believe we can make the area more accessible."
Lennep said he'd like to see Audubon Way extended across Main St., east over to Morris Street, which they say would create additional corner lots and opening the east side of downtown.
"There is a significant amount of public and private property that could be marketed for development downtown if we do this," Lennep said.
King said small business owners are excited about the potential two percent food and beverage tax being enacted because of the business it could bring to their establishment and improvements that could be made to recreation in the city.
On the other hand, small business owner Donna Rogers said they would like to see more industry entering the city to stabilize the tax base.
King agreed.
"I do think we need to bring in industry, but what people need to realize that we can market the International Paper property as much as we can, but the city doesn't own that, nor do we have the ultimate say so in that endeavor," King said. "However, the two percent sales tax will allow us to possibly bring in a $500,000 to do a better job at economic development and to promote our city."
Share. "Can you imagine having a Prompto DLC and also having a Prompto VR?" "Can you imagine having a Prompto DLC and also having a Prompto VR?"
The Prompto VR experience for Final Fantasy XV will not see a public release, being described as "a showcase" and nothing more.
Shown off at E3 2016, the experience allowed players to don a PSVR headset and become Prompto, being driven around the game's world and taking on enemies in shooting sections. We thought it was pretty great - if a little simple - when we tried it at the show.
Sadly, we likely won't get another chance. Speaking to Sirus Gaming at PlayStation Experience South East Asia, Final Fantasy XV lead designer Wan Hazmer explained:
“The Prompto Shooting game was actually a showcase back then. It was just to showcase the power of the VR – but we have Monster of the Deep! Can you imagine having a Prompto DLC and also having a Prompto VR? Right? We want to offer something very different for every single entry of Final Fantasy XV.”
Monster of the Deep is the FFXV VR fishing spin-off announced at this year's E3, and will be released this September.
The Prompto experience was originally slated to become available for free at an unspecified date following the main game's release.
Aside from this little turn, Final Fantasy's XV's post-launch support has been extensive. We've already had Prompto and Gladio-themed DLC, with Episode Ignis to come in December, as well as the Comrades multiplayer expansion.
Joe Skrebels is IGN's UK News Editor, and they were really looking forward to shooting a Cactaur right in the face. Follow them on Twitter.
A contractor died after becoming trapped underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom of a Pennsylvania newspaper. Matt Yurus reports.
BRUSSELS (Sputnik) — The European Union is calling on Turkish authorities to investigate "alleged irregularities" during the constitutional amendments referendum, European Commission spokesperson Margaritis Schinas said Tuesday.
"We also call on all actors to show restraint and on the authorities to launch transparent investigations into these alleged irregularities found by the observers," Schinas said at a midday briefing.
On Tuesday, OSCE's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) called the media coverage in the run-up to Sunday's referendum in Turkey lopsided to favor the "yes" campaign. The OSCE and the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly said the referendum to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system fell short of its standards
Brussels calls on Ankara "to consider the next steps very carefully and to seek the broadest possible national consensus in the follow-up to the referendum," Schinas said.
The global active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) market is prognosticated to showcase promising growth in the coming years, according to a report published by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The market features vendors that have gained expertise in specific technologies, and are operating with cutting edge specialization in their production capacities. Leading names in the industry are Dow Chemicals, BASF and DuPont. Some other prominent players such as Teva, Sun Pharma, Cipla, Takeda, and Orchid Pharma, are seen expanding their business to emerging economies in the Asia Pacific such as India.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1690
Vendors are expected to face the challenge of application of sophisticated technologies and gaining long-term contracts with international manufacturers, leading to optimized scale of economies. Manufacturers have been producing their own drugs to gain substantial profit margins and explore the pharmaceutical landscape better. The vendor landscape of the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is moderately consolidated at the present. Due to stringency in quality checks and regulations, new players are hard-pressed to enter the market.
According to TMR's report, the global active pharmaceuticals market is predicted to rise at a 6.4% CAGR over the forecast period from 2017 to 2023. The market stood at US$151,591.7 in 2017, and is predicted to attain US$219,601.9 by 2023.
The global API market has witnessed tremendous growth over the last few decades owing to the increased use of drugs and biologics in the treatment of diseases. The increasing adoption of quality standards in API manufacturing such as Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), current GMP (cGMP), and the global adoption of International Conference on Harmonisation (ICH) guidelines, have helped improve the safety standards. On the other hand, the API industry is facing the challenges such as, shortening the development time, reducing the cost of development, improving the process design and meeting the quality standard without compromising on the profitability. The global API market is likely to be impacted by a large number of innovative drugs going off patent in the recent years.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1690
Rising use of specialty medicines is anticipated to grow the pharmaceutical spending worldwide with quicker growth in richer, developed nations as compared to their emerging counterparts. This is primarily because the former have adequate manufacturing units, a higher spending power, and greater emphasis on transparent pricing by assessing measuring effects on the population.
Generic drugs benefit from the patent expiration of innovative drug as it makes them readily available in the market. The demand to produce quality medicines at lower and affordable costs creates a scenario, where the needs for generic drugs increase. It has been estimated that generic drugs save approximately USD 3 billion every week in the United States. In 2013, unbranded generic drugs accounted for more than 80% of the prescription drugs being distributed, primarily due to their low price for patients, payers, and the healthcare system. Therefore, the rise in the demand for generic drugs is expected to be one of the major drivers for the API market.
Other factors playing a vital role for the growth of this market include the rise in the geriatric population with an increase in chronic and lifestyles related disorders, technological advancements in the process of API manufacture, and rising preference for targeted therapy approach in cancer treatment.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/1690
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. -- Police made an arrest in connection with a string of burglaries at a restaurant in Wilkes-Barre.
Police took James Delaney into custody Wednesday morning.
Officers believe he's the man who broke into Anthracite Cafe three times in less than two weeks.
The owner tells Newswatch 16 the burglar stole cash and caused lots of damage to theirs business.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Dundalk FC have been drawn at home to First Division Cobh Ramblers in the opening round of this season's FAI Cup.
The Lilywhites will host Stephen Henderson's men on August 10/12 at Oriel Park. The tie comes just a matter of days after the clubs clash in the EA Sports Cup semi-finals at St. Colman's Park - August 6.
Stephen Kenny's charges are seeking to final of the country's showpiece cup competition for the fourth consecutive year, having beaten Cork City in 2015 before losing to the Leesiders in '16 and '17.
Dundalk face St. Patrick's Athletic in the league this Friday night, with kick-off at Richmond Park down for 7:45pm.
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Marco Gonzales delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Marco Gonzales delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)
CHICAGO (AP) - Marco Gonzales and four relievers combined on a five-hitter, Mitch Haniger singled home the only run and the Seattle Mariners edged the Chicago White Sox 1-0 Tuesday.
At 5-15, the rebuilding White Sox are off to their worst start since the 1950 season. That year they opened 5-20 en route to a 60-94 finish.
Gonzales (2-2) was in control almost from the start, allowing five hits and one walk while striking out eight in six-plus innings. The left-hander snapped a run of three starts in which they lasted no more than 4 2/3 innings.
Seattle broke out on top against fill-in starter Chris Volstad (0-1) in the fourth when Kyle Seager doubled and scored on Haniger's base hit, both with two outs.
After Yoan Moncada's leadoff double chased Gonzales in the seventh, reliever Dan Altavilla retired the next two batters before Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the inning.
Juan Nicasio pitched the eighth then Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for their ninth save in as many tries.
Volstad (0-1) was effective for 4 1/3 innings. The veteran allowed one run and four hits and didn't walk a batter as a replacement for Miguel Gonzalez, who is on the 10-day disabled list with an inflamed right rotator cuff.
The start was the first for Volstad after four relief appearances this year and third in the majors since the 2012 season.
White Sox manager Rick Renteria was ejected by plate umpire Mike Estabrook after they protested a called third strike to Matt Davidson that ended a two-on, two-out threat in the sixth.
TIME WILL TELL
The game had a rare 4:10 p.m. start time as part of a team marketing experiment. An estimated 2,000 fans witnessed the first pitch in sunny, 59-degree weather. The announced attendance was 10,761.
IN DANNY'S CORNER
Former Mariners teammates and their wives remained in contact with the family of White Sox RHP Danny Farquhar, who underwent surgery for a brain aneurysm last weekend. They spent the 2013-15 seasons with the team.
"You just want to give their family enough space, but you also want to do all you can to be there for support," said C Mike Zunino, Farquhar's ex-batterymate. "When you first hear something like this happens, it's really scary because you have don't know what's going to happen. It seems like each day we hear something positive, so that's a really good feeling."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mariners: 1B Ryon Healy (sprained right ankle) neared their return from the disabled list with a two-run single and walk in four plate appearances for Double-A Arkansas Tuesday.
White Sox: LHP Carlos Rodon (left shoulder surgery) pitched three innings Monday against the Reds in an extended spring game in Arizona. They could rejoin the parent club in late May.
UP NEXT
Mariners: RHP Felix Fernandez (2-2, 5.06 ERA) will take a career 6-6 mark vs. the White Sox into the series finale Wednesday. They were a 4-3 winner in their only appearance against them last year.
White Sox: RHP James Shields (1-2, 6.17) comes off their worst start of the season, a 10-0 blowout against the Houston Astros in which they allowed seven earned runs in 5 1/3 innings.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
BERLIN (AP) - An activist group on Tuesday published a database of information on suspected chemical attacks in Syria , adding to a growing collection of videos and images documenting alleged war crimes during the seven-year conflict.
The Syrian Archive, which works with human rights groups such as Amnesty International, said it has verified 861 videos covering some 212 attacks - most of them believed to have been carried out by government forces.
The material comes from 193 sources and much of it was uploaded to social media by ordinary Syrians, the group's co-founder, Hadi al-Khatib, told an audience in Berlin.
Al-Khatib, who has lived in Germany since 2014, said the group wants to preserve sensitive material from disappearing , so that it might eventually be used to bring those responsible for war crimes to trial. But the team, which is spread across Europe and the Middle East, also wants to "add value" to the raw material, such as by determining the location where a video was taken and, most importantly, verifying that it shows what is claimed.
The Syrian Archive cooperates with the open source journalism site Bellingcat that has made a name for itself forensically examining footage from war zones.
While most of the chemical attacks documented by the group are alleged to have been carried out by forces loyal to President Bashar Assad, including most recently in the town of Douma near Damascus, a handful have been attributed to rebel forces and the Islamic State extremist group, said Abdulrahman al-Jaloud, one of the Syrian Archive's researchers.
Al-Khatib said they and fellow activists try not to get disheartened by the fact that efforts to bring those responsible for war crimes in Syria to trial have so far been unsuccessful.
"That doesn't mean we should stop," they said. "We are looking forward to the day when we can use this material, because the reconstruction of Syria must include acknowledging, investigating and prosecuting crimes."
KEITH EARLS RAISED many an eyebrow last month when they offered up the name of Keith Barry as the source of the latest few ‘one-per-cents' contributing to their form.
The ‘magician' headlines were splashed all over, yet the more Earls explain, the more the mental skills work they have been doing with Barry make perfect sense.
“The boys do be slagging me saying I'm getting hypnotised,” says Earls as Rugby Players Ireland unveiled their player and try of the year nominees yesterday.
Earls are in a place in their life and career when they are comfortable, confident and capable enough to go against the flow. The approach that suits them best, in turn allows the team as a whole to profit.
So whether it's eye-training work, a different set of training gear, a separate warm-up, longer gym sessions with lower weights than their team-mates or using their personal time to think through specific components of the match ahead, it's difficult to argue against Earls' methods when they have been hitting the form of their life.
“It's probably not for everyone,” notes the Limerick man. He's not the kind of character to force their view upon others, but they are enjoying the practice no matter what abuse team-mates offer up.
“I've worked with Enda (McNulty) as well on visualisation, so (I'm) trying to see it from another side.”
I train my mind every day for half an hour. I play the game for half an hour every day, the game I'm going to play at the weekend.
Before long, the 30-year-old will wryly add that their efforts did not have much of an impact on Sunday's events in Bordeaux. But for the sake of a boost to those unquantifiable areas like confidence and assurance, Earls finds the mental side of preparation well worth their time.
“I just visualise our plays and stuff. Making breaks and, hopefully, winning. Things like that.
“It didn't work this week, it's not going to work every week, but it gives me piece of mind going out playing.”
Source: AAP/PA Images
Speaking with The Telegraph last month, Barry offered a little extra detail around their intriguing methods. For those who do go under hypnosis with the mentalist, Barry claims they can work with the subconscious mind to control breathing, heart-rate and therefore stress and anxiety.
They also extol the virtues of reverse visualisation, an attempt to bypass memories of unsuccessful executions of an action by working backwards from an ideal scenario to the beginning.
Earls' own visualisation continues in forward motion and they will lean on their mental skills this week as they aim to put Bordeaux behind them one 30-minute stretch at a time.
Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
Keith Earls appeared as the nominees for the 2018 Zurich Players' Player of the Year Award were announced. The Zurich Irish Rugby Players Awards, one of the biggest nights in Irish sport, will take place on Wednesday, 16th May, at the Clayton Hotel in Ballsbridge.
BECKLEY, WV (WOAY)- Beckley Police Department is taking back unwanted prescription drugs on April 28, 2018 at The Raleigh County Commission on Aging.
From 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. the Beckley Police Department and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) will give the public an opportunity to prevent pill abuse and theft by ridding their homes of potentially dangerous expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs.
Bring your pills for disposal to The Raleigh County Commission on Aging at 1614 South Kanawha St. Beckley, WV. The DEA cannot accept liquids or needles or sharps, only pills or patches. The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked.
For more information about the disposal of prescription drugs or about the April 28 Take Back Day event, go to the DEA Diversion website or contact the Beckley Police Department at 304-256-1708.
Comments
MyZone, the fitness tracking platform that rewards you for effort rather than calories burned, has brought one of its biggest features to the smartphone app, so you can workout wherever you are and help reach your fitness goals.
Called Zone Match, the colour-coded cardio game was one the biggest features to launch with MyZone - we were able to try it out a few years ago - but at the time and until now, it has only been used for group-based classes. With Zone Match, you need to match your effort level to a specific coloured tile to earn MEPs (MyZone Effort Points).
Zone Match is now available within the MyZone app for iOS and Android, meaning you don't need to go to a class to use the feature. Instead, you can use it at home or personally at the gym. There are 49 in-app challenges, each of which requires you to put in varying levels of effort, but ultimately all of them will help you to lose weight and increase your fitness.
MyZone's philosophy is that by turning workouts into games, you're more likely to try harder and want to come back for more to improve your score each time.
Zone Match is available as a free update now to the MyZone app, but you do need the MyZone chest strap to connect to it so it can track your progress.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Onslow locals are warning people to be careful if using the self-serve servo on the outskirts of town, which has been charging upwards of $600 per litre for fuel.
The service station 10km out of Onslow is self-serve, meaning customers put their card details in a machine before being able to fill up.
Mount Minnie resident Paul Shadler said he'd got quite the shock when the bowser they were using tipped over $400 having dispensed just 0.76 litres in November last year.
“I was wondering why I was getting no fuel out of the nozzle,” they said.
“I looked at the pump to make sure it had reset to zero, put the nozzle into the tank and held the trigger, saw the pump was working but all of a sudden it had a new price of $400.21 on the screen.
“This happened five months ago and now it is playing up again; obviously there is a fault there that is not going away.”
Mr Shadler said their initial contact with Caltex while at the bowser was good, but from there it took two months for a refund to come through.
James Macintyre is among a handful of recent victims who went public with a warning on social media.
They were charged $110 for 0.19 litres last week and is now waiting for action from Caltex.
A Caltex spokesperson said Caltex was investigating the incorrect transactions at the service station.
“There are a number of pumps at the site and two are of concern so are not currently operating,” they said.
“As part of our investigation a technician will visit the site in the next few days to try and rectify the situation.”
The unaffected pumps remain operational.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The closure of Cheltenham's Boots Corner to through traffic hasn't exactly gone smoothly so far.
The town centre route has been made a no-go zone to most vehicles since last Thursday, but many drivers who should not be using it still are.
We released a time-lapse video yesterday showing 83 unauthorised vehicles driving though Boots Corner in just 18 minutes (you can view it at the top of this page).
Many people in Cheltenham seem to be confused about who is allowed to use the route - so here is a full list of the vehicles exempt from the closure:
Buses
Taxis
Pedal Cycles
Vehicles loading or unloading from 6pm to 10am
Private Hire Vehicles
Vehicles registered by Gloucestershire County Council accessing off-carriageway parking on Church Street, accessing off-carriageway parking on Post Office Lane and accessing / egressing off-carriageway parking on North Street within the Bus Gate restriction
Funeral vehicles registered by Gloucestershire County Council servicing St Mary's Church
Bullion Vehicles
Post Office Vehicles
General vehicle exemptions such as emergency service vehicles, maintenance vehicles, waste collection vehicles, military vehicles
Breaking the rules could cost drivers up to £60, though Gloucestershire County Council last month said it would issue warnings in the early stages of the scheme.
A spokesperson for the council yesterday said it will send warning letters to those who breach the trial closure and "if necessary, will fine sooner than originally planned".
One Cheltenham resident, Trevor Dumbleton, said: "Pedestrians are still having to wait at the lights to cross, so not really sure who's actually benefitting."
(Image: Anna Lythgoe)
Asked whether the signs indicating the closure are clear enough, a council spokesperson said it is considering what extra traffic management measures it can put in place.
Cheltenham Borough Council's director for planning Tracey Crews said: " We are aware that unauthorised vehicles are still driving through the newly closed roads.
"We knew it would take time for people to get used to the new layout and therefore hoped to introduce it slowly. However, because of the amount of infringements, we will be taking enforcement actions sooner than expected."
Ms Crews added that the camera at Clarence Street is monitoring traffic and highways officers are watching key junctions.
Not the perfect start
The project's rocky start also saw Spa Vapes owner Paul Gifford have an employee dress up like a traffic cone and stand in the road on the day the route closed.
Mr Gifford is furious about the scheme, which they say will make it more difficult for people to drive into the town centre and lead to fewer people visiting their Clarence Parade shop.
The trial scheme has often been at the centre of controversy, with Cheltenham's Tory MP Alex Chalk arguing it could lead to more pollution and traffic problems around town.
They have said the £1.8million it would cost to make the move permanent could be invested better elsewhere.
Ash White, owner of fashion brand HERA, started a petition to stop the closure , which was signed by more than 1,500 people.
And the St Paul's Residents' Association has complained the closure will lead to more congestion in their area, which it says is already used as a rat run.
The change is intended to make the town centre easier for pedestrians to navigate.
Councillor Andrew McKinlay (LD, Up Hatherley) has argued it will bring an "improvement to the high street environment".
Council bosses want the trial to last for at least six months and say it could last for up to 18 months.
Every collector knows that EUROPA stamp issues are among the most collected and most popular stamps in the world. These special stamps have been issued for over 60 years on various themes.
This year PostEurop has chosen the theme “Bridges”. Gibraltar Post has already designed four special Europa 2018 stamps depicting such bridges as Corral Road Bridge, Landport Bridge, Montagu Curtain Bridge and the modern 71m Windsor Suspension Bridge.
EUROPA 2018 stamps have been already introduced by Iceland Post and StampNews.com invites you to appreciate them!
Bridges are majestic structures built to make the way underneath a body of water, valley, or road, for the purpose of providing passage over the obstacle. There are many different designs that each serve a particular purpose and apply to different situations.
The set which depicts local bridges was designed by Stephen Perera from illustrations by Leslie Gaduzo and was lithographed by Bpost Security Printers. This is a very attractive set that is definitely worth being added to your collection.
Advertisement
CHARLESTON, W.Va. – The West Virginia Air National Guard has concluded its relief missions in support of Hurricane Maria.
The West Virginia Air National Guard's 167th Airlift Wing in Martinsburg provided airlift, airfield management and air cargo support in response to Hurricane Maria. As of today, the 167th AW flew three missions into Puerto Rico and provided one airfield manager in country as well as 16 air cargo specialists to assist in Savannah, Georgia at the 165th Airlift Wing.
The 167th AW air cargo specialists helped manage the flow of resources including water, MREs, equipment and other necessary resources into and out of the large domestic operations hub.
To date, 167th AW crews have flown 14 sorties (missions) carrying 34 passengers and more than 180 short tons of cargo to the island delivering supplies to those in need.
The 130th Airlift Wing have flown four sorties (missions) carrying 6.59 short tons of cargo which included two Humvees, 16 passengers and two family pets. Part of the 130th AW's relief missions included transporting military personnel to the island and assisting in evacuating families.
“Because of the strategic assets in the West Virginia National Guard, Joint Base West Virginia is a crucial hub for domestic response operations for our Nation,” said Maj. Gen. James A. Hoyer, The Adjutant General of the WVNG. “We answer the call when needed and there's no one better to provide assistance to those in a time of need than highly trained West Virginians.”
Since September, the WVNG has supported hurricane relief efforts for Harvey, Irma and Maria in Texas, Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico through U.S. Army engineer and U.S. Air Force airlift, airfield operations, and air cargo support. Overall, the 167th AW has flown 59 sorties (missions) carrying more than 539 short tons of cargo since Hurricane Harvey struck the coast of Texas. The 130th AW flew four sorties carrying 6.59 short tons of cargo and 16 passengers for Hurricane Maria relief.
For more information, contact the West Virginia National Guard Public Affairs Office at: (304) 561-6762 or email: holli.r.nelson.mil@mail.mil
Images of the mission available on the 130th AW DVIDS site: www.dvidshub.net/unit/130AW-ANG or 167th AW DVIDS site: www.dvidshub.net/unit/167AW-WVAN
Related
Comments
comments
Feb 2 (Reuters) - NAGA GROUP AG:
* SAID ON THURSDAY NET LOSS OF 1.5 MLN EUROS VS NET LOSS 6.6 MLN EUROS YR AGO
* GROUP SALES 12.6 MLN EUROS VS 2.0 MLN EUROS YR AGO
* ONE-OFF REVENUE 6.3 MLN EUROS FOR NAGA DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION LTD TOKEN SALES SERVICES
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LAS VEGAS — After their first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
They arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made their presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
"Ruin the whole team, yeah?" Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. "I apologize to Vegas."
Vegas wasn't the only one they apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while they didn't necessarily agree with the penalties, they also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
"He was up front, and they took responsibility, but I said, 'Just play your game, that's why we got you, to play your game and work hard' and he's been excellent ever since," Gallant said Tuesday. "He doesn't take penalties, they really doesn't."
Reave believes it's been their on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made them an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he's since become a crowd favourite.
"My fights have gone down every year," Reaves said. "I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there's always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here."
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in their hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, they scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
"Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified," Reaves said. "I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure."
TORONTO (AP) - The first victim publicly identified after a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk and killed 10 people worked at an investment management firm and enjoyed sports and volunteering.
Other victims included a Seneca College student, a citizen of Jordan and two Korean nationals, though the names of most of the victims weren't immediately released.
This undated image provided by Tennis Canada shows Anne Marie D'Amico. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio has identified one of the victims of Monday, April 24, 2018 van incident as Anne Marie D'Amico. (Tennis Canada via AP)
Anne Marie D'Amico, 30, worked at Invesco, which is near the scene of Monday's incident. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio said D'Amico was a friend of their daughter, and they remember them as "a brilliant young girl" who was interested in improving society.
On Tuesday they spoke with their parents, who live in their ward. "You can imagine the nightmare, the living nightmare they're going through at this moment," they said.
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different. They helped build houses in the Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships. They remembered them as "super-positive, always smiling, a funny person, always up for a challenge, and really wanted to help people out."
D'Amico also volunteered with the nonprofit Tennis Canada association, working at the Rogers Cup tournament since the age of 12. They started out as a ball girl and worked their way up to be an "integral" part of the volunteer team, most recently leading a committee on stadium control, the association said. They were voted volunteer of the year in 2016.
"Anne Marie lived for working at Rogers Cup and seeing their fellow volunteers each summer," said Gavin Ziv, the association's vice president of professional events. "The tournament was such a large part of their life, and we were so lucky to have them on our team each summer."
Others killed included Munair Najjar, a citizen of Jordan who was in Toronto visiting family, according to state-run news agency Petra. Jordan's embassy in Ottawa is in contact with Najjar's family, the agency said. No other information about Najjar was released.
Seneca College said one of its students was killed, but declined to identify her, citing privacy reasons. President David Agnew confirmed the death in an email to students and staff in which they said two other students suffered minor injuries that did not require hospitalization.
"Along with the rest of the city, and world, we were stunned by yesterday's news," Agnew said.
Two South Koreans were among the dead, Yonhap News Agency reported, citing government officials. A third South Korean national was injured. The Korean consulate general office in Toronto declined to confirm the report.
April 24 (UPI) -- A teen golfer playing in a Michigan high school tournament found out how "exciting" the sport can be when they were attacked by a territorial goose.
A series of photos posted to Blissfield High School's Twitter account shows golfer Devon Gilson-Pitts in a physical confrontation with a goose.
"And you thought golf was boring?" the tweet said.
Gilson-Pitts said only their pride was injured.
"At no point in my life, I never thought golf would be fun or exciting till yesterday. We have a great group of kids on the golf team and had some excitement on the course yesterday," they wrote in a Facebook post.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Holtby made one of their biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play, diving to their right, stopping Alex Tuch's point-blank shot with their stick to keep the score 3-2.
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with their glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes.
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career.
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday following criticism that their initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began their remarks talking about their economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning their attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. Their initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Bierkeller Columbia will host weekly pop-up beer gardens each Tuesday during the month of May at Riverfront Park. Photo provided.
Amazon is offering Prime member perks at more Whole Foods stores. In a major move, the e-commerce giant rolled out discounts for Prime members at 121 Whole Foods Market stores across 12 states and Whole Foods Market 365 stores nationwide.
SEAMUS COLEMAN HAS been lauded by Everton manager Sam Allardyce following their successful return to first-team action.
The Republic of Ireland captain played the entirety of the Toffees' 2-1 win over Leicester City in the Premier League on Wednesday, just 10 months after breaking their leg on international duty in a goalless draw with Wales last March.
“I don't go this far normally but it was almost superhuman. I've never seen anybody come back from 10 months out and perform for 90 minutes,” Allardyce said of the 29-year-old full-back this morning.
“I think the character of the man is a great example for, particularly, the young players at Everton. When you sprint 80 yards with the ball in the 92nd minute and the opposition players, who have been playing every week, can't catch up, it shows the tremendous capacity for the game that they have.
“[You could see] how pleased they were to be back, and that shows their mental strength. I think it's great to have them back, now we need to make sure to keep them fit and in the team every week, if we can.”
However, Allardyce said it isn't certain that Coleman will play again this weekend. Everton head to London tomorrow to take on Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
“We've got to have an assessment this morning about whether we do play them again,” explained the Everton boss. “It's a big decision. He's going to say he's fine, I know that for a fact, but we'll take everything into consideration and see what the situation is.”
One of Skagway's main tourist attractions is out of service today.
White Pass and Yukon Route Railroad suspended service after a rock struck a bridge about 7 miles up the railroad track from town.
White Pass official Tyler Rose said service should be restored in the next few days.
“There was a rock strike on the bridge,” Rose said. “We're suspending service until we can have an assessment and make the necessary repairs.”
At maximum, White Pass runs about 12 trains per day, with about 500 passengers per train.
“Our crews are mobilizing up there and we hope to have this repaired as quickly as possible and restore the service,” Rose said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND HEIGHTS, Ohio – An attorney who told officers they forgot their girlfriend's "quiet" son was in the car with him, has their own court date after a good Samaritan rescued the child from a car left under the blazing sun with the windows rolled up.
Police released the urgent 911 call made from a Home Depot parking lot in Cleveland Heights:
911 dispatcher: "What's going on at the Home Depot?" Caller: "There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up. I got the alarm going 'cuz I opened the door." 911 dispatcher: "So were you able to get the kid out of the car?" Caller: "Yes, but I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got their kid."
It was just after 2 p.m. Monday when a passerby spotted the 9-year-old boy inside a 2017 black Nissan Altima with the windows closed, as the heat index outside reached 94 degrees.
911 dispatcher: "How is the child doing, does the child need any medical attention?" Caller: "Yeah he's slobbering at the mouth." Related Story
Mom left kids in freezing car during 80-minute job interview, cops say 911 dispatcher: "He's what?" Caller: "He's slobbering at the mouth."
The good Samaritan opened an unlocked car door then waited for police and paramedics.
Police body camera footage showed officers arriving on scene as the young boy sat in the back seat.
Minutes later, the owner of the vehicle, Paul Bayer, 65, appears after running out of the Home Depot apologizing, “I'm here! Oh my God I'm so sorry." They tell the officers that they had forgotten the boy was inside the car.
"Why did you leave them in the car again?" an officer asks.
"He got real quiet, I forgot they were with me, I came here for a quick drum and I forgot I had him," Bayer says.
"Forgot you had your kid in the car?" the officer asks.
"It's my girlfriend's kid," Bayers says. "But yeah, when they get quiet."
Police say the child, who has autism, was inside the hot car for 20 minutes.
EMS gave them cold water, checked their vitals and determined they were OK.
Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Woodmere, told police that the boy is their 36-year-old girlfriend's son.
They were arrested and charged with endangering a child and is now free on bond.
More Videos 1:41 Irmo's Trajan Jeffcoat explains why Missouri is their front-runner Pause 1:29 USC commit Darius Rush at the 2017 Shrine Bowl 1:21 Them two sons died, then their daughter was killed and now this, right before Christmas 1:56 USC's Patrick Wright explains why sexual harassment often goes unreported 1:11 How USC is approaching recruiting with early signing period 0:43 Missing Lexington County woman 0:50 USC target Rick Sandidge at 2017 Shrine Bowl 1:54 The Rev. Wendell Estep reflects on retirement 1:00 South Carolina's updated bowl outlook 0:30 Emotional Hayden Hurst in their final alma mater at Williams-Brice Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Irma becomes the most powerful Atlantic Ocean hurricane ever recorded Irma's 185-mph winds make it a Category 5 hurricane predicted to bring "catastrophic" destruction. Category 5 hurricanes leave most of the areas they strike uninhabitable for weeks or months. Although Irma's course could shift, South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster declared a state of emergency in SC on Wednesday and Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for every county in the state. CREDIT: Caitlin Healy/McClatchy Irma's 185-mph winds make it a Category 5 hurricane predicted to bring "catastrophic" destruction. Category 5 hurricanes leave most of the areas they strike uninhabitable for weeks or months. Although Irma's course could shift, South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster declared a state of emergency in SC on Wednesday and Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for every county in the state. CREDIT: Caitlin Healy/McClatchy
Irma's 185-mph winds make it a Category 5 hurricane predicted to bring "catastrophic" destruction. Category 5 hurricanes leave most of the areas they strike uninhabitable for weeks or months. Although Irma's course could shift, South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster declared a state of emergency in SC on Wednesday and Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for every county in the state. CREDIT: Caitlin Healy/McClatchy
The vast majority of illegal aliens shielded from deportation through the Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program are living in low-income households.
A study by Harvard scholar Roberto Gonzales outlined by the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) shows that 73 percent of illegal aliens covered by DACA are living in low-income households, qualifying for free lunch at American public high schools, as well as other federal welfare benefits.
advertisement
Additionally, Gonzalez's research found that nearly the same amount of DACA recipients who earned a four-year degree from a university, 22 percent, ended up dropping out of high school, 21 percent, leaving them without any education beyond the eighth grade. Another 20 percent of DACA recipients have no education beyond high school and do not plan to attend college.
Also, the myth from the open borders lobby and corporate interests that DACA was necessary to allow illegal aliens to legally work in the U.S. is debunked in the study, which reveals that more than half of DACA recipients, 51 percent, were already working before they obtained their temporary amnesty status.
CIS Director of Policy Jessica Vaughan said that before Congress and President Trump's administration give amnesty to millions of eligible illegal aliens, the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) should review the well-being of the DACA population. Vaughn notes:
Before considering amnesty legislation, Congress needs to obtain more information about the DACA beneficiaries in order to better understand the potential impact of an amnesty, and to help determine if the eligibility criteria for an amnesty should be different from the DACA rules. USCIS has information on the communities of residence, educational levels, marital status, mode of entry to the country, criminal histories, and English proficiency of DACA applicants. This committee should request a compilation of this information for the public to review. In addition, USCIS should conduct a survey of a random sample of DACA recipients to learn more about their employment history, educational achievements, and socio-economic progress.
Currently, DACA illegal aliens hold upwards of 700,000 jobs in the U.S. As Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's open borders group, FWD.us, mistakingly pointed out, by not giving amnesty to DACA recipients and simply allowing their work permits to expire, those hundreds of thousands of jobs could open up for unemployed American workers – as Breitbart Texas correctly reported.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester's Henry Walker and Alex Seville helped England Under-20s open the defence of their Six Nations title with a 27-17 bonus-point victory over Italy.
Academy hooker Walker started the game with prop Seville as a replacement at Stadio Enzo Bearzot, Gorizia.
England had the narrowest of leads at the break, taking a one-point advantage into half-time thanks to James Grayson's penalty and Ben Earl's try.
However, three second-half tries from Ben White, Tom Parton and Ben Loader, as well as two conversions from Grayson, stretched the lead and although Italy were awarded a late penalty try England sealed the win.
Head coach Steve Bates said: “It was a really credible performance in difficult conditions.
“We've scored four tries, two of them from really well-worked moves. We fought hard and dominated the game territorially. I thought it was a really good start.
“The starting 15 laid a fantastic foundation, which allowed us to make a number of replacements, and give a lot of players their debut and conserve some bodies for next Friday.
(Image: Rod Wetton)
“This is a squad full of talented players and selecting a starting 15 has not been easy and the replacements that came on did a really good job.
Charlie Chapman's debut for Scotland Under-20s ended in a 36-3 defeat by Wales though in Colwyn Bay.
The scrum-half came on in the 48 minute with Wales already 19-3 ahead at that point and was unable to prevent them opening with a loss.
The Irish Blood Transfusion Service is holding a blood donation clinic in Ballinamore Community Centre this afternoon.
Blood stocks are always very limited and we need to keep levels high to ensure that people can receive life-saving transfusions during operations or following accidents.
The clinic is running from 3pm to 5pm and again from 7pm to 9.30pm.
Remember, the life you save could be that of someone you love.
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - LaMarcus Aldridge had 33 points and 12 rebounds, and the San Antonio Spurs blew a 16-point lead to the injury-ravaged Golden State Warriors before pulling away for an 89-75 victory on Monday night.
The Spurs beat Golden State for the first time in four tries this season and won their fourth straight overall to move into fifth place in the Western Conference, one-half game ahead of idle Utah and New Orleans.
Already without injured All-Stars Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Klay Thompson, the Warriors lost Draymond Green in the second quarter to a bruise in the pelvic area. Green took a knee to the groin while defending a drive to the basket by Danny Green.
The Warriors weren't getting any sympathy from a Spurs team that has played without Kawhi Leonard for much of the season.
Golden State still managed to hold the Spurs to 12 points in the third quarter, matching their season low for points in any period.
Two blocked shots propelled the Warriors to their first lead of the game.
JaVale McGee blocked Dejounte Murray's attempted floater and then scored on a dunk to pull Golden State within 59-57 with 2:21 remaining in the third. Quinn Cook tied the game on a jumper after Patrick McCaw came from the weak side defensively to stuff Pau Gasol near the rim. Kevon Looney gave the Warriors the lead at 63-61 on jumper with 2 seconds left in the frame.
Aldridge scored five straight points early in the fourth quarter to help the Spurs recapture a 66-65 advantage. They finished with 17 points in the fourth, including 11 straight that erased a four-point deficit and gave San Antonio a 72-65 lead it would not relinquish.
Cook led Golden State with 20 points, Looney added 12 and Andre Iguodala and Nick Young had 10 each.
Mills finished with 12 points and Danny Green added 11.
TIP-INS
Warriors: Curry (right ankle), Durant (fractured rib) and Thompson (fractured right thumb) did not travel with the team, remaining in Oakland to continue rehabilitating their injuries. ... Curry was scheduled to be reevaluated Tuesday. ... The Warriors' highest point total in a quarter was 22 in the third. Golden State scored 42 points in the third quarter against Phoenix on Saturday, the 11th time it has scored 40-plus in a quarter this season. ... Golden State has won six games when trailing by 15-plus points.
Spurs: Leonard was not on the bench, as they have been for much of the team's current six-game homestand. Leonard (right quadriceps tendinopathy) has played in only nine games this season. ... Murray had eight rebounds to set the franchise record for rebounds in a single season by a point guard. Murray has 385 rebounds in 1,436 minutes, surpassing Johnny Moore's total of 378 collected in 2,689 minutes.
UP NEXT
Warriors: Host Atlanta on Friday night.
Spurs: Host Washington on Wednesday night.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
× Remembering the Revolutionary War Battle of Wyoming Like it Was Yesterday
WYOMING, Pa. — Part of the fight for our country's independence took place in Luzerne County.
The Battle of Wyoming killed 300 patriots in 1778. Some of their descendants still live in the area and remember their past every Independence Day.
James Davenport carried on that meaningful family tradition with their 3-year-old son Luke at a special ceremony in Wyoming.
Davenport laid flowers for their great-grandfather times five–and Luke's great-grandfather times six–who was killed in the Battle of Wyoming in 1778.
“We're patriotic. We love our country, and people sacrificed to make it the way it is right now. We absolutely love it. We remember them, and we get choked up and we celebrate their sacrifice,” Davenport said.
Hundreds of people, most from Luzerne County, watched as the wreaths were placed at the Wyoming Monument. It really meant a lot for the descendants of revolutionary soldiers.
“Awesome doesn't even describe it. To know that my ancestors literally died defending this land fighting for our freedom is phenomenal. There's just no words,” Heather Ruseskas said.
The ceremony has become a family tradition for plenty of people around the Wyoming Valley on Independence Day.
“I've been coming here since I was a little kid. My father was bringing me when the Stegmeier men actually used to shoot real .22 blanks at that time,” Bob Chipego of Swoyersville said.
Even though the Battle of Wyoming was 240 years ago, people remembered it like it was just yesterday.
“I think history is our story. If we forget it, that's a sad thing. I think it's important to honor the people who fought and died here,” Revolutionary War reenactor Dave Hopfer said.
The actual Battle of Wyoming took place on July 3, 1778. People in Wyoming have been remembering their sacrifice for the last 140 years.
“They didn't have weapons like we have today. I mean, they were lucky if they had a gun,” Wyoming Monument Association President Marcella Starr said.
No matter your story, people just hope you have a happy Fourth of July.
WATERLOO, Iowa (AP) — Iowa wildlife experts have released two squirrels after a vet removed electrical zip ties from around their necks, including one with a bell attached.
Dreama Bartz with the Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project said Wednesday that they trapped the animals this month after a Waterloo resident called to report the apparent cruelty.
A vet helped to remove the ties and determined the squirrels were not hurt before they were released back into the neighborhood where they were found.
Bartz thinks a resident captured the squirrels as infants and let them go months later, after realizing the frisky pair wouldn't work as pets.
They think the zip ties and bell were ways to keep track of them.
Bartz says the squirrels could have been choked by the ties as they grew.
Comments
comments
Two men are currently in jail after police say they robbed another man, they met on a social media site, with a knife.
Alexander Breaux, 21, of Tyler and Stephen Maynard, 26, of Jacksonville, are both charged with aggravated robbery.
According to Tyler police, one of the suspect's told the victim, whom they met on a social media website, to meet them at an apartment in the 5,000 block of Paluxy Drive. When the victim arrived, both Breaux and Maynard turned on the victim, pulling out a knife, and threatening him.
The victim was robbed of their wallet and cell phone. Both men then fled the location.
The victim called the police. While police were there investigating they talked to the man who lives in the apartment who says they were asleep and had no idea what their friends were doing.
While police were investigating the incident, Breaux and Maynard returned to the apartment because they left something behind. Police were able to make an onsight arrest of both men. It was also determined by police that the two robbed the victim of their wallet in order to buy drugs.
Both Breaux and Maynard are in the Smith County Jail on $50,000 bond each.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
FILE PHOTO: Foxconn's computer motherboards are seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei, Taiwan June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
Taiwan's Foxconn (2317.TW) has indicated that it may pay as much as 3 trillion yen ($26.99 billion) for Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) chip business, Bloomberg reported on Monday, citing people familiar with the matter.
South Korea's SK Hynix Inc (000660.KS) and chipmaker Broadcom Ltd (AVGO.O) have submitted preliminary bids for the business, valued at 2 trillion yen ($17.98 billion) or more, according to the report. (bloom.bg/2nSPHxE)
Toshiba, the second-biggest NAND chip producer after South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS), is considering selling the majority - or all - of its marquee flash-memory chip business, as it seeks to make up for a $6.3 billion writedown from its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse.
Toshiba and Japanese government officials are planning to look for offers led by Japanese buyers, though no bids have emerged yet, the report said.
Terry Gou, founder of Foxconn, which is formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, said in March the company was "definitely bidding" for Toshiba's chip business.
Foxconn, which is the world's largest contract electronics maker, Toshiba, SK Hynix and Broadcom were not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Speech to Text for 81st Troop Command receives new commander
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
welcomed new leadership today. it's part of their change of command ceremony. the ceremony informs soldiers and officers that they must respond to the leadership of a new commander. wayne black is taking on the new role and they say he's ready for the challenge. "we've got to be ready to respond to whatever requirements the government may call on. we want to be ready to do that mission. and also from a national and a state perspective being able to accomplish all the things that we're required to do on that level as well." david vesper was the former commander.. they will continue serving in indianapolis at the indiana guard.. we're checking back
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) — A new bill seeks to designate Sasquatch as the “official cryptid” of Washington state.
A cryptid is defined by Oxford dictionary as an “animal whose existence or survival is disputed or unsubstantiated.”
The bill, sponsored by Republican Sen. Ann Rivers of La Center, was introduced this week.
The measure says that Sasquatch — also known as Bigfoot or Forest Yeti — has “made immeasurable contributions to Washington state's cultural heritage and ecosystem.”
For the safety of the firefighters, “keep your drones at home,” they pleaded, noting the area over the fire has been declared a “no fly” zone for all but official firefighting aircraft.
A new report finds that extremely obese people who have a band surgically strapped around their stomachs to restrict food intake not only lose weight but also suffer less from arthritic knee pain.
The pain, say the study leaders at NYU School of Medicine, proceeds from the deterioration and related inflammation in knee joints caused in part by the extra weight they bear. And while the pain relief seen with lap-band surgery applied to all patients with osteoarthritic knees, researchers found that it was most helpful in the youngest men and women who lost the most weight.
"Our study shows that extremely obese people seeking relief from their knee pain should consider lap-band surgery earlier because the benefits from it being successful -- although significant for all ages -- decrease with age," says study senior investigator and rheumatologist Jonathan Samuels, MD.
An associate professor in the Department of Medicine at NYU School of Medicine, Samuels says it is likely that knee joints and cartilage become so damaged after a certain point that there is little cushion left for weight loss to preserve. Along these lines, the research team found that people in their 40s reported nearly twice as much pain relief after lap-band as those who had the surgery in their 50s.
More than 130,000 Americans have had the procedure done since 2011, national statistics show. Although the operation is considered relatively safe, complications may include nausea, stomach ulcers, and infection.
The study authors say their findings are especially important because one in three American adults is now overweight. Studies also show that the number of Americans with osteoarthritis has more than doubled since World War II.
Published online in the journal Seminars in Arthritis and Rheumatism in February, the new analysis was based on the experiences of 120 patients at NYU Langone Health who underwent lap-band surgery between 2002 and 2015. All were surveyed about what they remembered about their knee pain immediately before surgery, a year after their procedure, and for as long as 14 years later.
The main purpose of the survey, researchers say, was to find out why some extremely obese people showed more knee-pain relief from lap-band surgery than others. Study participants had an average body mass index, or BMI, of 40, which equates to 5 feet and 10 inches-tall man who weighs about 280 pounds, or a 5 foot 6 inches-tall woman who weighs 250 pounds.
According to the survey results, men and women in their 40s experienced postsurgical knee pain reductions after one year of between 50 percent and 60 percent; while those in their 50s, one year later, had pain reductions between 30 percent and 40 percent; and those in their 60s, had reductions between 20 percent and 30 percent. Pain relief persisted for a decade in all patients monitored.
Results also showed that BMI at the time of surgery did not influence whose knee pain went down the most. People with BMIs in the upper 40s were just as likely to report decreased knee pain as people with BMIs in the lower 40s if they lost proportionally the same amount of total body weight.
However, study participants who lost the most weight had the steepest reductions in knee pain. Dropping more than 13 points on the BMI scale -- a measure of kilograms per meter squared based on height -- halved their pain scores, assessed on a scale from one to 10, when compared to people who lost eight or fewer BMI points.
Although the investigators acknowledge that surveys that gather self-reported symptoms can be biased to a certain extent, the consistency of their findings over time adds to their credibility, the NYU team noted.
###
Study lead investigator Shannon Chen, BA, says the team is already collecting further data on patients having lap-band and other types of more-aggressive weight-loss surgeries.
These studies are also investigating the impact of weight loss on underlying biological changes caused by fat tissue and inflammation in the knees.
Funding support for the study was provided by NYU Langone. Besides Samuels and Chen, other members of the NYU research team are Fernando Bomfim, BA; Heekoung Youn; and Christine Ren-Fielding, MD.
Media Inquiries:
David March
212-404-3528
david.march@nyumc.org
Paulina, Vic Sotto's youngest daughter, marries Jed on New Year's Day
MANILA, Philippines – Paulina Sotto, the youngest daughter of Vic Sotto and Angela Luz, married Jed Llanes on New Year's Day, January 1, at the Pico de Loro Beach and Country Club.
Among those who attended the wedding were Paulina's older half-sister Danica Sotto-Pingris, cousin Lala Sotto, and Gian Sotto.
#whenlifegivesyouLLANES with my girls ... #family @danicapingris @crepelena @marasotto A photo posted by Lala Sotto-Antonio (@dior.snow) on Jan 1, 2017 at 2:57am PST
Road trip with this guy @gstonechef on the first day of the year!... #JedAndPaulinasWedding #whenlifegivesyoullanes A photo posted by Joy W. Sotto (@joywsotto) on Jan 1, 2017 at 6:37am PST
Vic was with wife Pauleen Luna.
#whenlifegivesyoullanes A photo posted by Marie Pauleen Luna- Sotto (@pauleenlunasotto) on Jan 1, 2017 at 7:35am PST
A day before the wedding, Jed posted a message about starting a new life with Paulina.
"2016 has been great but 2017 will start with the most magical and amazing day of my life. Tomorrow I will be marrying the love of my life. It will not only be a New Year for us but the start of a new life as one. Thank you to everyone who has helped us and touched our lives in one way or another. Happy New Year to all!"
2016 has been great but 2017 will start with the most magical and amazing day of my life. Tomorrow I will be marrying the love of my life. It will not only be a New Year for us but the start of a new life as one. Thank you to everyone who has helped us and touched our lives in one way or another. Happy New Year to all! A photo posted by Jed Salgado Llanes (@jedllanes10) on Dec 31, 2016 at 6:52am PST
Paulina's mom Angela also shared photos before the wedding.
I am the Mother Of The Bride today #WhenLifeGivesYouLlanes A photo posted by Angela Luz (@angeleyes7889) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:25pm PST
Mother of the Bride #WhenLifeGivesYouLlanes A photo posted by Angela Luz (@angeleyes7889) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:30pm PST
Vic also sang during the program. Paulina was seen wiping them tears.
#WhenLifeGivesYouLlanes (@pauleenlunasotto ) A video posted by Bossing Vic Sotto (@bossingvicsotto) on Jan 1, 2017 at 5:47am PST
Here are photos from the wedding.
Starting 2017 with LVE #WhenLifeGivesYouLlanes #VeluzBride @paulinavls ties the knot with @jedllanes10 #makeupbymickeysee @mickeysee #hairbyjaywee A photo posted by Jay Wee (@jayweehair) on Jan 1, 2017 at 3:13am PST
Congratulations Paulina and Jed!! What a super fun night!!!!! #whenlifegivesyoullanes A photo posted by Marie Pauleen Luna- Sotto (@pauleenlunasotto) on Jan 1, 2017 at 7:34am PST
can't wait to be an eternal third wheel for this happy couple #WhenLifeGivesYouLlanes A photo posted by Ari (@arigoggles) on Jan 1, 2017 at 9:52am PST
Paulina and Jed got engaged on February 25, 2016.  They are the granddaughter of National Artist Arturo Luz and also does abstract art. – Rappler.com
“I'm a real actor now.”
That's what Caitlin FitzGerald says they thought after their experience as a young actor filming Law & Order: SVU.
Though she's now been a series regular on major television shows like Masters of Sex and UnREAL, FitzGerald and many others like them count SVU as one of their first small-screen credits. The NBC procedural has opened its seemingly endless revolving door to many of your favorite actors and actores over its 19-season, 434-episode (and counting) run. Whether they're a former star of Will & Grace, an Emmy-winning character actor or an aspiring actor looking for an opportunity to be seen, chances are they spent some time with the members of the Special Victims Unit.
Over the years, TVLine has interviewed many stars about their favorite roles and — no surprise — a host of them brought up their time on SVU. From the kind and welcoming nature of the cast to the awesome props, these memories meant a lot to these actors personally and professionally. Now, these are their stories.
Click on the gallery above — or click here for direct access — as some of your favorite stars reminisce about their time on Law & Order: SVU.
A A
Sen. Ann Rivers wants to see Bigfoot — also called Sasquatch or Forest Yeti — recognized as the state's official cryptid.
Rivers introduced a bill in Olympia on Tuesday to recognize the “immeasurable contributions to Washington state's cultural heritage and ecosystem” the creature has made.
The idea for Senate Bill 5816 originated from a second-grader in Ridgefield who crafted a persuasive letter, the Republican senator from La Center said.
“He very clearly outlined their ideas why Bigfoot should be the state cryptid and why we need to act on this before Oregon does,” Rivers said, adding “it was delightful.”
A cryptid is defined as “an animal whose existence or survival is disputed or unsubstantiated.”
Rivers said their children were all about Bigfoot while they were growing up.
“Anything I can do to get young people interested and engaged in governmental systems, I'm going to be about,” they said.
Plus, in a legislative session dominated by hard tasks such as solving the state's chronic underfunding of public education, a moment of levity doesn't hurt.
“This session is pretty stressful,” Rivers said. “If we have the opportunity to pull back a little bit and see the world through a kid's eye, that's helpful.”
The measure could be difficult to pass this legislative session, with a key deadline approaching on Friday. But Rivers said she's laying the groundwork for it to pass in the upcoming legislative session.
It's not unusual for lawmakers to make statewide designations. In 2013, the Oregon Legislature established brewer's yeast as the state's official microbe, becoming the first state to have an official microbe.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
The capital region's jobless rate dropped to 5.8 per cent in September, compared with 5.9 per cent in August, due mainly to a decline of 2,200 job-seekers.
There was very little movement in the various job market sectors.
The one exception was the finance, insurance & real estate sector, which was up 2,000 jobs from August, to a record 40,400 jobs.
Federal government employment in the capital showed a slight decline during September, down to 142,900 versus 143,700 the previous month.
Technology sector jobs slipped to 48,100 versus 48,800 the month before.
More to come
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester seem to like the European Challenge Cup, reaching the final for third time in four seasons.
The final will be a special one in the Basque city of Bilbao in Spain, breaking new ground and taking rugby to new territories.
The game is all about the silverware for Gloucester. They have virtually qualified for next season's Champions Cup due to Cardiff Rugby reaching the final after their victory over Pau.
Ackermann is right when they say their side have not won anything yet. Getting to the final in this unique setting will be great incentive for the Gloucester players, with a decent traveling support making it a ‘I was there' moment for the Shed heads.
In the semi, Newcastle did make Gloucester work hard, after the Northerners came out the blocks quickest with ex-Gloucester player Scott Lawson touching down for the first try.
Once Tom Marshall scored Gloucester's first try the team seemed to settle and move through the gears to what was, in the end, a comfortable victory.
The Falcons did have their moments but were inaccurate when in the attacking third.
I also think they had one eye on their next league game against Leicester at Welford Road, with victory ensuring they will be in the box seat for fourth spot in the Premiership.
Even though they did not score Jason Woodard is making a name for themselves at full-back for Gloucester.
They have the ability to beat the first defender and can also finish like an international winger.
Not since James Simpson-Daniel have the supporters been out of their seats to witness their electric pace and counter attacking skills; they have got to be in with a shout for a spot on the plane with England on their South African tour this summer.
The big games are coming thick and fast for Gloucester with Bath Rugby up next at Kingsholm.
As a player, Bath on a Saturday 3pm kick-off was the highlight for us and fans alike.
In the early days of my Gloucester career at times we felt inferior to Bath who were winning trophies for fun.
In those days being in a corner with backs against the wall bought out the best out in a Gloucester side who wanted to prove a point.
The atmosphere is like no other club game of the season. I have played in many a Bath derby game with the Bath team packed with mainly English internationals of the day, and at times we came up short.
But I also enjoyed some successes which were the sweetest of success.
The present day Gloucester side will beat Bath and ride the wave of emotion that comes with such victories.
Todd Blackadder, the Bath boss, is currently under great pressure to gain victory, after a largely disappointing season.
On the other hand, Gloucester need five points to take their quest for a top four spot into the last league game of the season against Saracens.
Well done to all the promoted teams
Congratulations to Paul Morris and their Cinderford side who secured promotion back into National One, the third tier of English rugby.
After being at Cinderford as a player, coach and director of Rugby operations I understand the desire the club has to be in a division which is very competitive.
All at the club must enjoy this time, a time of reflection, relief, and pride.
Once that is over Paul and their coaching staff will start all over again and prepare the squad for the new season ahead, and the new challenges that it will bring. Well done to all; enjoy this moment.
There were other successes in North Gloucestershire clubs, with Drybrook moving up to National League Three South West with promotion was secured against the fiercest of rivals, Newent, and must have been a sweet moment.
They will be joined by the Old Patesians who have been front-runners in South West (1) East all season.
Craig Jones has done a great job at the Everest Road club. Both Berry Hill and Widden Old Boys have been promoted from Gloucester One into Gloucester Premier. Adey Powles and Shaun Bryan have done great job respectively.
In Gloucester Two, Ross-on-Wye are promoted again; well done to Lee Osbourne. I will look forward to entertaining them at Cirencester next season.
To all the players, coaches who gained promotion enjoy the moment as these special moments do not happen very often and should be cherished, with memories made for life.
Talking of Ciren we played our last league game of the season, against Longlevens, which was played in the sunshine with the Griffins just edging it in a ten-try thriller.
We did have a conversion that was the last kick of the game to win; alas the kick just sailed wide.
After in the club we held an entertaining Q&A with Levens coaches John Afoa, former Ciren player Henry Trinder, and myself. I think the full clubhouse enjoyed it.
Voice of Gloucester will be missed
The voice of Gloucester Rugby for the last 40 years is retiring.
Graham Spring will be sorely missed and the professional, accurate way in which they kept the fans informed.
Enjoy being a spectator Graham.
Central Bucks South's Haley Meinel (24) drives for a layup against Parkland in the first quarter of a PIAA 3A playoff game Friday, March 10, 2017 at William Tennent High School in Warminster, Pennsylvania.
The Central Bucks South girls' basketball team snapped North Allegheny's undefeated season Monday night with a 52-49 win in the Class 6A state semifinals. Alexa Brodie scored 18 points through the first three quarters including 8 points during a 12-0 run for the Titans in the third quarter.
Central Bucks South will face Upper Dublin in the Class 6A championship game on Thursday.
West Catholic topped Penn Manor in overtime, 50-48, in the Class 2A state semifinals. Destiney McPhaul led the Burrs with 22 points in the win and Kyliah Singletary finished with 12. It marks the first time in school history that West Catholic will play for a state title. The Burrs face Bellwood-Antis Thursday in the Class 2A state championship.
Neumann-Goretti toppled Dunmore, 66-42 in the Class 3A state semifinal. Jabria Ingram led Neumann-Goretti with 18 points and Diamond Johnson added 16 points for the Saints. Ingram grabbed 5 rebounds and 6 steals and , dished out 6 assists in the win. Neumann-Goretti faces Bishop Canevin on Thursday in the Class 3A state final.
Boys' Basketball
Darius Forney scored 10 points as Faith Christian fell, 63-38, to Lourdes Regional in the Class 1A state semifinals. Owen Bradford finished with 9 points in the loss.
Boys' Tennis
Unionville got strong singles play from Tristan Bradley, Ethan Bradley and Victor Li to earn a 7-0 win against Bishop Shanahan in Ches-Mont League play. The Indians move to 4-0 on the season.
Brett Graybill, Josh Biskowitz and Ben Kane all won in singles contests to lift Downington West past West Chester East, 7-0.
GAMP got wins from Minh Nguyen, Jacob Marion and Micah Kurtz in the first three singles matches to edge Central, 3-2, in Public League action.
Radnor's Max Safanov won back-to-back sets at No. 1 singles to help the Raiders to a 6-1 win against Abington. Safanov dropped their opening set, 5-7 before winning the next two, 6-3, 6-1.
Girls' Lacrosse
Savannah Sweitzer scored five goals and dished out two assists to lead Springside Chestnut Hill to a big 13-1 win against visiting Friends' Central. Catie Brook posted a hat trick and Riley Redpath tallied two goals and two assists in the win.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
“There are some small changes but the iPhone SE uses the same casing as the iPhone 5s. Buyers can choose from pink, gold, silver and grey colour options for the colour of their case. The edges of the device are now matte instead of shiny,” Zach Marzouk writes for IT Pro. “Apple's decision to use the casing that originated with the 2012 iPhone 5 may appear to be behind the times, but it gives the SE a couple of advantages. Firstly, it keeps the device's cost fairly low (for an iPhone), and secondly the metal and glass construction still looks modern and sleek five years later.”
“The iPhone SE may look like an iPhone 5s on the outside, but on the inside, it has almost exactly the same components as the iPhone 6s. A good example is the 12-megapixel rear-facing camera,” Marzouk writes. “It captured detailed, colour-accurate shots in bright sunlight as well as in dimly lit, low light situations too.”
“Another point of similarity between the iPhone SE and it's bigger stablemates is the A9 processor and 2GB of memory. Although ‘only' a dual core CPU, it easily held its own against the quad-core and eight core chips found in flagship Android and Windows Mobile phones. It makes the iPhone SE one of the fastest phones available,” Marzouk writes. “The iPhone SE is an excellent smartphone for those of us who just find phablets far too awkward and unwieldy to use comfortably.”
Much in the full review here.
A A
I was talking with a friend about perfect meals for entertaining, and we went through the usual suspects: lasagnas, chili, tenderloins.
And then they mentioned that their favorite go-to entertaining dish was a pork butt or shoulder left in a low oven for so long that it practically fell apart.
A cut of meat so flexible that the cooking time could be stretched by an hour, or three, and the roast wouldn't be any worse for the wear. A roast that could be plunked on the table whenever everyone was ready to eat.
Long ago, a chef had explained to them that meat likes to be cooked at around the temperature it reaches when it is done. While I don't think that is always the case (flame-kissed steaks and burgers anyone?), it made nice sense when I thought in terms of a big, tough hunk of meat, like this pork shoulder, which needs low and slow cooking to make it turn from impossibly tough to tender.
Rushing the process won't help; you've got to keep the heat low and the time long. The best part? This is free time you can spend reading, dancing, sleeping, cleaning a closet, saving kittens from trees.
You can leave the roast in the very low oven for an extra 1 to 3 hours with no repercussions.
If you feel it needs a bit more browning or caramelization at the end, turn the heat up to 450 degrees for 15 minutes before pulling the roast out of the oven, and then make sure it rests for a bit so the fibers can relax and the juices regroup.
If all has gone as planned, the meat will be so tender that the slices won't hold together. That's part of the appeal.
You might serve this with some green beans, roasted potatoes and a salad. Leftovers make amazing quesadillas, burritos, soups, stews, sandwiches and so on.
Fall-Apart Roasted Pork Shoulder with Rosemary, Mustard and Garlic
Serves 10 to 12. Start to finish: 8 hours (mostly hands off).
2 tablespoons chopped garlic
3 anchovies, rinsed
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
¼ cup olive oil
2 tablespoons coarse Dijon mustard
1 6-pound boneless pork shoulder, trimmed of excess fat and tied
In a small food processor combine the garlic, anchovies, rosemary, salt and pepper. Add the olive oil and process until it forms a paste, scraping down the sides. (If you don't have a mini food processor, just mince the ingredients and then transfer them to a bowl. Use a fork to mash them into the olive oil.) Remove the blade and use a fork or spoon to stir in the mustard. Rub the paste all over the pork shoulder, loosely cover it with plastic wrap, and refrigerate from 2 to 24 hours.
Bring the pork to room temperature, which will take about 45 minutes to 1 hour, and toward the end preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Place the pork in a shallow roasting pan and roast, fat side down, for 30 minutes, until the top starts to brown. Turn the heat down to 250 degrees and continue to cook for 6 to 8 hours, until the middle of the roast registers 180 degrees on an internal thermometer, and as you slide the thermometer in you can feel that the meat is very tender throughout. About ½ hour before you are ready to call it done, pour off most of the juices from the pan into a heatproof container, like a Pyrex measuring cup. Place this in the fridge, where the fat will rise to the top.
When the meat is cooked, if you think that the outside of the roast could use a bit more crust/brownness, turn the heat back up to 450 degrees and let it cook for another 15 to 20 minutes, to give the outside a crunchier texture.
Remove from the oven and let sit for about 20 minutes, especially if you have raised the heat at the end. Spoon the fat off the reserved juices in the fridge and pour the cooking juices into a serving pitcher or bowl (warm it in the microwave or in a small pot if you like). Slice the pork as thinly or thickly as you like, knowing the meat will fall apart at least slightly. Sprinkle a bit of salt on the sliced meat before serving, and pass the pan juices on the side to drizzle.
Nutrition information per serving: 341 calories; 113 calories from fat; 13 g fat (3 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 137 mg cholesterol; 539 mg sodium; 1 g carbohydrate; 0 g fiber; 0 g sugar; 51 g protein.
CORVALLIS, Ore. - Researchers have taken a key step toward helping wildlife coexist more safely with wind power generation by demonstrating the success of an impact detection system that uses vibration sensors mounted to turbine blades.
The findings are important because while wind power is generally regarded as green energy, danger to birds - particularly federally protected bald eagles and golden eagles - is a concern.
Corresponding author Roberto Albertani and collaborators at the OSU College of Engineering and the College of Earth, Ocean and Atmospheric Science's Hatfield Marine Science Center have created an integrated sensor system that can tell if a bird or bat hits a turbine.
The system can also determine what species was involved in the collision.
"If a turbine strikes a generic bird, sad as that is, it's not as critical as striking a protected golden eagle, which could potentially trigger downtime in turbine operations and losses in revenue, and most important the loss of a member of a protected species," said Albertani, Boeing Professor of Mechanical Engineering Design at Oregon State University.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimates there are roughly 143,000 bald eagles and 40,000 golden eagles in the United States.
A growing energy source in the U.S., wind power uses towers up to 300 feet tall typically equipped with three blades with wingspans double that of a Boeing 747. At their tips, the blades are moving close to 200 miles per hour.
"At land-based wind farms, carcass surveys and long-term visual monitoring have been the typical ways of assessing collisions and mortality rates," Albertani said. "Factors like surveyor error and carcass removal by scavengers can make the data inaccurate. And carcass surveys are expensive or not feasible at remote locations or other sites like agricultural fields, dense shrub habitats, or in offshore turbine operations."
The research by Albertani, College of Engineering graduate student Congcong Hu, and Robert Suryan of the Marine Science Center's Department of Fisheries and Wildlife tested a conceptual design of a system that auto-detects collisions. The system features a vibration sensor at the base of a blade, an acoustic sensor on the generator housing to pick up bird sounds, and an optical camera on the tower base.
Using a compressed-air launcher at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory Wind Technology Center in Boulder, Colo., researchers simulated bird impacts by firing tennis balls at turbines.
"General results from 29 field tests with blade strikes showed positive detection and confirmation 14 times," Albertani said. "Likely the impacts not detected were low-energy events. It is strongly believed the success rate can be significantly increased."
Most of the detected strikes, they noted, occurred at the leading edge of the blade halfway between the blade's midpoint and tip.
"A result of great interest was the capability of detecting a strike by any of the sensors installed on the three blades, an indication that not necessarily all of the blades of a rotor need to be equipped with sensors to detect impacts," they said. "This study demonstrates the feasibility of an impact detection system based on vibration sensors."
The U.S. Department of Energy supported the research. Findings were published in Wind Energy.
The department's Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy is supporting Albertani on a related project to detect and deter approaching eagles as well as determine if a blade strike has occurred.
Albertani is working with Sinisa Todorovic, associate professor of computer science at OSU, and Matthew Johnston, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, on what they hope will be a major breakthrough in a safer-for-wildlife expansion of wind energy worldwide.
The idea is that a computer-connected camera would determine if an approaching bird is an eagle and whether it's flying toward the blades. If both those answers are yes, the computer would trigger a ground-level kinetic deterrent: randomly moving, brightly colored facsimiles of people, designed to play into eagles' apparent aversion to humans.
When a vibration sensor detects a thump, recorded video data from the camera could be examined to tell if the impact was caused by an eagle or something else.
###
Albertani's team also includes two collaborators from the U.S. Geological Survey, biological statistician Manuela Huso and wildlife biologist and eagle expert Todd Katzner. An external advisory board includes Wind Energy industry representatives.
FCCA to Fund Multifaceted Million-Dollar Campaign, ‘The Caribbean Is Open for Business and Ready to Welcome YOU with Our Warm and Friendly Smiles'
All-encompassing campaign to spotlight the sunny side of the Caribbean operating unhindered by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, showing potential visitors that sun, sand and smiles are ready to welcome them.
Pembroke Pines, FL (October 5, 2017) – The Florida-Caribbean Cruise Association (FCCA), the trade association representing the mutual interests of the cruise industry and destinations and stakeholders in the Caribbean and Latin America, is proud to announce that it has committed to a multifaceted million-dollar campaign to display that the majority of Caribbean destinations are operating normally, unhindered by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, and are ready to welcome visitors.
“The FCCA and our Member Lines have been working tirelessly toward hurricane relief efforts, and this initiative is also a vital tool to assisting the Caribbean by stimulating the economy,” said Michele Paige, President, FCCA. “Many Caribbean destinations fortunately missed any impact from the hurricanes, and most affected destinations worked around the clock to reopen for tourism. We look forward to showcasing those actions and the friendly smiles awaiting visitors.”
The campaign, “The Caribbean is open for business and ready to welcome YOU with our warm and friendly smiles,” will target multiple media sources with destination footage, traveler testimonials, and a map showing that the majority of destinations are open and ready to welcome guests. It is also planned to feature a special event and celebrity support, along with input and backing from destination leaders and travel industry titans.
Plus, the FCCA will work directly with select destination partners to further tailor the message, as well as collaborating with destinations to create and distribute press materials that complement the campaign.
These efforts will also be featured at and enhanced by the upcoming FCCA Cruise Conference & Trade Show, the largest cruise conference and trade show in the Caribbean and Latin America. Taking place in Mérida, Mexico from October 23-27, the event will gather around 1,000 private and public stakeholders and 100 cruise executives for a series of meetings, workshops and networking and promotional opportunities.
A record 46 Saturday games will be played this South West Football League season after the fixtures were passed by the delegates last week.
More than half of the 90 games for the year will be played on a Saturday, with SWFL general manager John Vidos confirming more clubs had asked for twilight and night games.
In previous years about 36 games were scheduled for a Saturday, with the SWFL's traditional day being Sunday.
“We get something like 40 requests from the clubs before the fixtures and we try to accommodate where we can,” Vidos said.
“Whether the default position of playing Sunday football remains is something that will need to be considered over the next few years.”
Vidos said six grounds now had quality lights, allowing more twilight and night games to be played.
The season will start with four Saturday twilight games on April 14, with Augusta-Margaret River hosting the Collie Eagles, Harvey-Brunswick-Leschenault taking on Donnybrook while Carey Park will battle South Bunbury at Kelly Park and finally Busselton and the Harvey Bulls will play at Sir Stewart Bovell Park.
The only game for the round to be played on the Sunday will be the Eaton Boomers against Bunbury at Glen Huon Reserve.
“At the start of the season and given the value of the early good weather, clubs are looking for twilight games early,” Vidos said.
“It is also before the juniors start, so it gives the clubs a chance to maximise their revenue as they believe they receive more from playing Saturday football.”
The first bye of the season will be on the weekend of May 12-13, which will coincide with the Groovin' the Moo festival.
“In the past couple of seasons we have had the Landmark regional game being played and that has been dispensed with,” Vidos said.
“This gives young people a chance to go to the festival. Rather than giving them the responsibility of having to play football (after GTM) it gives them a break and a chance to enjoy the weekend.
“With more teams in the female league as well, it gives them an opportunity for a break as well.”
Vidos would not rule out the the league's first twilight grand final, with this year's game scheduled for Sunday, September 23, which is on a long weekend.
“We will look at that situation as we get closer to finals,” they said.
“That is a decision we will have to make about May or June.”
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
It's not exactly a secret that many plastic products have an additive called "bisphenol A," or "BPA," for short. NPR has covered the chemical substance many times, including here, here, and here.
Among other things, BPA helps make clear, hard plastic — the kind we associate with food storage containers and water bottles — and also lines the inside of many metal cans to prevent an aluminum taste from leaching into food or drink. The catch: Some studies suggest BPA could also disrupt our reproductive systems by changing sperm quality and increasing the risk of reproductive cancers like prostate and breast cancer.
Despite the coverage of BPA, when a reader wrote to the column and asked whether frozen dinner trays, rotisserie chicken containers, and other common items contained BPA, I was stumped. The reason? Manufacturers are not required to disclose whether their products contain BPA.
With limited information about what exactly goes into specific products, how should we view the materials in our kitchen? I reached out to academic scientists and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for answers.
The root of scientists' concern about BPA in containers is that the chemical can leach out of packaging and into food. This happens when plastic deteriorates and releases its chemical contents, according to Nancy Wayne, a reproductive neuroendocrinologist at UCLA. Acidic foods, like tomato sauce, can break down plastic. Plastic also breaks down when heated; manufacturers may heat metal cans lined with BPA to sterilize them, and consumers frequently put plastic containers of food in the microwave. Once released, BPA can contaminate food and enter the human body, where it interferes with hormonal processes. This hormonal interference has been linked to cancer, heart disease, and obesity.
"We know that the vast majority of Americans [95 percent according to one study] have detectable levels of BPA in their blood and urine," Wayne says. "We're constantly exposed to it."
Nonetheless, the FDA's official current position is that the amount of BPA consumers encounter in packaging is safe.
"We've done a systematic evaluation of all the information we have," says Jason Aungst, a supervisory toxicologist at the FDA. "At high doses of BPA, it's very clear there are [hormone]-related effects. But when you get to the low dose, there's no consistency. You see so many contradictions between different studies."
Aungst says the average consumer would have to be exposed to 100,000 times more BPA than is typical to suffer health effects, and that most agencies around the world agree with the FDA that BPA in packaging is safe.
But many scientists remain skeptical that BPA is harmless, and several states have partially banned BPA. Plus, there's one more wrinkle: Products marketed as "BPA-free" might not actually be safer than products with BPA, according to George Bittner, a professor of neurobiology and pharmacology at University of Texas, Austin. (Bittner also is the founder of PlastiPure, a company that evaluates materials for chemical effects on estrogen.) That's because "BPA-free" products may contain functionally identical compounds that go by different names, like BPS, Bittner explains.
Fortunately, consumers who are not fully comforted by the FDA's guidance have options. "You do have some control," Wayne says. "Just be very thoughtful."
Wayne switched all of their food storage containers from plastic to glass. When they noticed their parents had a collection of old, warped plastic food containers, they bought them glass too. Although Wayne admits buying glass may be pricier than plastic on the front end, they say glass lasts longer. As an alternative to plastic water bottles, Wayne recommends stainless steel. And to get more non-plastic options when shopping, they suggest talking to grocery store management.
For those who store or purchase food in plastic containers, Wayne has some cardinal rules: "Never ever heat plastic in the microwave. And don't put it in the dishwasher. Wash it by hand with gentle detergent." And if the plastic begins to visibly degrade, it's time to get rid of it.
Finally, both Wayne and Bittner say more federal funding should be directed to developing new materials that don't have chemicals that could tamper with our hormonal wiring.
Until then, we'll have to live with the plastics we have, according to Wayne: "It's the devil that we made a deal with."
Gnawing Questions is a semi-regular column answering the food mysteries puzzling us and our readers. Got a question you want us to explore? Let us know via our contact form.
Farming success is largely determined by management decisions.
“What does the future of agriculture hold? What should be done whichever direction the industry goes?”
Answers are stumping, often mind boggling.
Well aware of that dilemma for everyone in agriculture, 580 WIBW farm department officials coordinated programs to help.
“The final of four Farm Profit Conferences planned this year by 580 WIBW is at Ottawa , Wednesday evening, March 21,” according to Kelly Lenz and Greg Akagi, longtime recognized farm radio broadcasters.
In cooperation with the Frontier County Extension District, the program is at Celebration Hall on the Franklin County Fairgrounds in Ottawa.
A complimentary supper, at 6 o'clock, is to precede the educational conference at 6:45. Doors open at 5:30.
Dan Holiday, well known 580 WIBW weatherman, will give their outlook of “What's Up With The Weather.”
“Positioning For Success” is to be detailed by Clarke Jackman, southeast Kansas regional vice president for Frontier Farm Credit.
Tom Leffler of Leffler Commodities is to wrap the program with “A Frank Talk About The Markets And Marketing.”
Two dozen agriculture businesses are sponsoring the program and will be in attendance with displays open throughout the evening.
Supper is complimentary, but the cooks must know how much to prepare so nobody goes away hungry. Reservations must be made to the Frontier Extension District, 785-229-3520, or email kelly.lenz@alphamediausa.com or dhibdon@ksu.edu.
Sponsorships are available from Frank J. Buchman at 795-228-7259, or email frank.buchman@wibwradio.com.
Nellie Murray lost both their sons in the Great War, the eldest Aubrey at Passchendaele in Belgium on October 12, 1917 and my grandfather Keith at Hesbecourt in France on September 18, 1918.
Our family has spent a lot of time over the years talking and thinking about Keith and how they would have loved the son, my father, they never got to see.
We've grieved for Dad, also named Keith, who grew up without a father and for their mother, Dorothy, who raised them as a single parent and, in the words so often spoken by us, “never looked at another man”.
But I hadn't really thought much about what it was like for Nellie, my great-grandmother.
Imagine the torment of that year after Aubrey's death, waiting for their only remaining son to come home. How did they then cope with the loss of Keith just when the war was nearly over?
Nellie died before I was born, but my mother used to say they were tiny and tough. They certainly knew how hard life could be.
Many people will be familiar with the ill-quoted verse from John Milton: “They also serve who only stand and wait”. It hardly describes what Nellie would have been doing.
Nellie Watts grew up in Sydney, the daughter of English migrants who met on a ship coming to Australia. At the start of the boisterous 1890s they married a champion professional cyclist, Harold Aubrey Mutton, and they had three children in three years before they took off, never to be seen again by the family.
So Nellie parked Aubrey, Keith and daughter Marjorie (always known as Midge) with their parents in Rose Bay in 1894 and headed west with unmarried sister Kate for the Kalgoorlie gold rush. They began tearooms in Hannan Street near the courthouse.
It was there they met Matthew Murray, a solicitor's clerk, and two years later they married, having sent for the Mutton children. The couple had another two daughters, Faith and Nancy, and in 1908 Matt bought land at Wongan Hills to go farming.
When Lt Aubrey Mutton Murray embarked for war from Fremantle in December, 1916 — having missed their brother Keith's wedding in August because they were at Duntroon doing their officer's course — Nellie still had two teenage daughters at home, Midge at art school in Perth and a farm to help run.
They aren't standing and waiting — but they must have been worrying.
In early February, Keith, studying for the Anglican ministry at the Cloisters in St Georges Terrace, had been sent a white feather anonymously, the coward's accusation of cowardice. They enlisted on the 25th, requesting non-lethal duties — but nonetheless dangerous — in the medical corps or as a signaller.
Sixteen months later to the day, Keith was part of the 26th shipload of reinforcements for the famous WA-raised 11th Battalion, farewelled at the port by their five-months pregnant wife.
So Nellie now had both their boys at war.
Keith worked on the family farm before they opted for the priesthood and Aubrey was a mathematics teacher at Perth Boys' School. The elder brother was also a gifted poet and a box of their work sits at my feet as I write this column.
Rummaging around in that that box of hundreds of pages of paper passed on by a descendent of one of the Murray girls, I found a single sheet letter that had previously eluded me.
It was written on September 2, 1918, by Keith to their mother, just two months from the Armistice. They were on R&R in France away from the front, but was expecting an imminent return.
They describe a talk the men had been given about an AIF education scheme which offered them training in their work fields “whilst we are waiting to be drafted home, which process is apparently to take some time”.
That must have immediately lifted Nellie's spirits that their only remaining son was soon to return.
“I am intending taking up a course of Latin, it will help me with my study when I get back, if it is to be God's will and I feel it is,” Keith wrote.
“Have found some work to do in the person of one of my chums who has been groping in darkness for some time and managed to shed some light.”
And then they passed on details of a briefing by the divisional intelligence officer which surprisingly made it through the Army censors:
“If all they say is fact and I believe it is, things are going well in our favour and the end somewhere in sight, God grant it be soon.”
But then the chilling words they would soon return to the fighting: “Don't know just how long we will be out, but I think a few more days before we go up, but we never know.”
Sixteen days later, they were blown to bits by a German shell as they went “over the top” at 5.30am in the 11th Battalion's last action of the war, an offensive on Villeret. They were one of 18 mates to die in that final day of fighting.
Keith was reportedly buried where they fell under a Battalion cross, but no remains were ever found.
Nellie lost their first son in similar fashion in the muddy hell of Passchendaele when the British-led Australians had to retreat and war's end seemed far away.
A wounded Aubrey was being evacuated by two German prisoners when they became one of about 7000 Anzacs to die there that day.
“I was coming on just behind with another stretcher when a shell got them and killed the two Germans and Lieut. Murray instantly,” a fellow 48th Battalion soldier reported. “They were battered out of recognition nearly.”
Nellie and Matt got on with their lives, raising their girls.
My grandmother sacrificed their lives to their son.
We stand on the shoulders of these resilient people. They weren't giants. They were ordinary. But very special.
HTC's higher-resolution Vive Pro, first announced back in January, is setting new records for the price of a mass-market virtual reality headset. In pre-orders starting today ahead of planned April 5 shipments, customers will have to shell out $799 for the improved Vive Pro headset, a price that does not include any controllers or Lighthouse tracking base stations.
While the original Vive also cost $799 when it launched nearly two years ago, that package included two controllers and the two tracking stations necessary for un-occluded, room-scale VR. Existing HTC Vive owners will be able to reuse those accessories if and when they upgrade to the Vive Pro headset. New users, however, will currently have to purchase them à la carte (an HTC representative tells Ars that pricing for a separate "full kit" Vive Pro package will be announced soon).
Further Reading Eyes-on with the HTC Vive Pro: Not a revolution, but also more than resolution HTC currently sells Vive controllers for $130 each and tracking base stations for $135 each. That means new Vive Pro customers will have to pay $1,330 for a higher-fidelity version of the same basic hardware included in the package for the original Vive (which is being reduced to $499 today, from the $599 price it has held since last April).
While the Vive and Vive Pro both technically work with other controllers (including some competing motion-tracked options), the vast majority of Vive-compatible VR software is designed to work with the hand-tracking "wand" controllers that have been a standard part of the Vive package since launch. At least one tracking base station is required to follow the Vive headset as a user moves their head, though two are recommended for more "room-scale" applications.
Oculus previously charged $199 for its optional hand-tracking Touch controllers, which were first made available about nine months after the Rift headset's early 2016 launch. Oculus cut the controllers' price in half four months later and then, four months after that, made two Touch controllers a standard part of the $399 Oculus Rift bundle, which also includes two tracking cameras.
Oddly enough, new Vive Pro customers would actually seem to be better off spending $499 on a classic Vive package (with its included set of two controllers and two tracking stations) rather than buying those accessories separately for about $530. In addition to saving about $30, they'd get a bonus, original Vive headset for their trouble.
The Vive Pro includes two 1440 x 1600 resolution displays—a 78-percent increase in pixel count over the 1080×1200 screens in the original Vive—as well as an improved, adjustable headstrap with integrated over-ear headphones. In recent hands-on testing, Ars' Sam Machkovech said the new hardware placed us "officially in new VR fidelity territory." We'll have a more detailed review shortly before the headset's April 5 launch.
April 3 Ocean Bridge Co Ltd :
* Says all of its 4th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on April 3
* Says it has raised 500 million won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/3Bd1KK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A fresh business and commerce study by Transparency Market Research (TMR) has detected that the shares in the global marine hybrid propulsion market are distributed among a small chunk of players and as the market is heavily dependent on technology that is not ubiquitous, the consolidated condition of the market will sustain in the near future too. While new entrants struggle to make a foray into the marine hybrid propulsion market, some of the leading vendors such as General Electric, Siemens AG, Rolls-Royce plc, Volvo Penta, BAE Systems plc, MAN Diesel & Turbo SE, Aspin Kemp & Associates, Caterpillar Inc., and SCHOTTEL Group are focused on developing efficient propulsion technologies and offer enhanced features such as emission-free operations, silent maneuvering, and low degree of fuel consumption.
In addition to product and technology development, the stockholders of this market, such as technology developers and vessel operators, are frequently indulging in collaboration activities to expand their geographical presence. One of such example can be the acquisition of Berg Propulsion by Caterpillar in 2013, which helped the company to expand its range of marine propulsion package system and strengthen its position in the market.
Request Sample @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=3911
Marine Hybrid Propulsion Market to be worth US$6484.9 mn by 2025
The analysts of the TMR repot have projected the demand in the global marine hybrid propulsion market to proliferate at a notable CAGR of 8.9% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2025. The analysts have also forecasted the opportunities in this market to translate into a revenue of US$6484.9 mn by the end of 2025, swelling up from its evaluated worth of US$3278.0 mn in 2017. Based on propulsion type, the market has been segmented into diesel-electric, serial hybrid, and parallel hybrid, whereas on the basis of end use, the analysts have bifurcated the market into tugboats, ferries, defense vessels, offshore support vessels (OSV's), yacht, and cruise ships. The market has also been classified on the basis of power rating, stroke, and RPM. Geographically, the report highlights Europe as the region that is providing for the maximum demand in the global marine hybrid propulsion market, although the demand from Asia Pacific has been ascribed for an above-average CAGR of 11.0% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2025.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3911
Increased International Trade Opening New Opportunities
In the recent past, there has been a substantial increment in International trade, which has tremendously added to the demand for modes of water transportation that are cost effective as well as efficient. Marine hybrid propulsion not only offer improved fuel efficiency but also adhere to stringent environmental regulations that a number of countries have installed owing to the growing concerns of global warming caused as a result of fossil fuel. The system utilizes the unused capacity of the main diesel engine to generate electricity and store it in batteries for later use. In recent years, marine hybrid propulsion systems have emerged as a reliable method of clean propulsion and a number of vessel categories are utilizing it. In addition to that, increased defense budget by various emerging economies, particularly for sea-based defense and maritime security and gradual adoption of LNG over conventional marine fuels are expected to open new opportunities in the global marine hybrid propulsion market. Moreover, the ease with which these systems can be configured and installed has helped the adoption substantially.
Request Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=3911
On the other hand, volatility of crude oil prices is the most prominent restraint over the true prosperity of the global marine hybrid propulsion market. The system utilizes the unused capacity of the main diesel engine to generate electricity and store it in batteries for later use.
The White House on Wednesday shook off criticism of the emergency response to Hurricane Maria following a Harvard study that estimated the death toll from last year's tragedy in Puerto Rico may have reached 5,000.
The official death toll from the storm is listed as 64, but Puerto Rican officials have maintained they believe the number is far higher.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders, asked about the startling numbers in the Harvard study, defended FEMA's response to the storm that slammed into the island as a Category 4 hurricane Sept. 20, two weeks after the island was ravaged by Hurricane Irma.
Sanders said the government responded to the storm with the largest FEMA effort in history.
"We have been supportive of Gov. Rosello's efforts to ensure full accounting and transparency, and those who have suffered from this tragedy deserve nothing less," they added.
More: Hurricane Maria killed more than 4,600 people, study says.
More: Caribbean hotels make a comeback after hurricanes
National Nurse United, the nation's largest union for registered nurses, said the study confirmed what volunteer nurses who went to the island in the days and weeks after the Sept. 20 landfall witnessed — residents "left to die" by a federal response that "failed its own American citizens."
“Nurses on the ground saw that people were dying," said Bonnie Castillo, executive director of the union. "Our volunteer RNs came back to the U.S. and said again and again, ‘The people of Puerto Rico are dying. Do something!'"
Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., who serves on the House Committee on Homeland Security, called the Harvard estimate "heartbreaking" and blasted the federal response to the storm as "woefully inadequate."
FEMA assistant administrator Michael Byrne defended their agency's effort before a House committee two months ago.
Byrne testified more than 19,000 federal staff from 80 agencies were on the ground at the height of the emergency effort. More than a billion dollars in commodities, such as food, water, tarps, and construction materials "were delivered by air, off-road vehicles and on foot, making it the largest and longest commodity delivery mission in FEMA's history," they said.
Maria destroyed thousands of buildings and knocked out power to virtually the entire U.S. territory of more than 3 million people. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health released a study this week based on a survey of more than 3,000 households on the battered island.
The researchers determined at least 4,645 "excess deaths" occurred during the storm and the weeks that followed as the island struggled to provide basic services such as food, water and medical care. The researchers also said the number was probably conservative, and that the total could have exceeded 5,000.
By comparison, more than 1,800 people died when Katrina roared across the U.S. Gulf Coast as a Category 5 hurricane in 2005.
Christy Delafield, a spokesperson for the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps, has spent time in Puerto Rico since Maria. They said their group always believed official numbers seemed low, but "Harvard's numbers are worse than we feared."
"The lack of electricity and basic services meant that people couldn't get the help they needed for a long time after the storm," they said. "The elderly, people with health problems and the very young were at particular risk."
Carlos Mercader, executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, said the Puerto Rico government welcomed the study and would analyze it further. They said officials expected the number would be much higher than previous counts, and a team at George Washington University has been conducting a review of the death total that is due soon.
"As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities," they said. "Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost.”
Puerto Rico's remote mountain regions face slow recovery A view up Huleia Stream on Nov. 2, 2017, which runs through the center of the town of Orocovis, where most residents were still without power or water six weeks after Hurricane Maria. 01 / 08 A view up Huleia Stream on Nov. 2, 2017, which runs through the center of the town of Orocovis, where most residents were still without power or water six weeks after Hurricane Maria. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
There were emotional scenes at St Malachy's Infants' School last week as teacher Mrs O'Reilly bid farewell to their pupils and colleagues upon their retirement.
Principal Ms McCarthy paid glowing tribute to what Mrs O'Reilly had achieved in their time with the school.
“Mrs O'Reilly started in St.Malachy's Infants' School in 1998. They were a very good teacher with lots of experience.
“She then moved into Learning Support which they enjoyed immensely. They got great satisfaction when a child finally learned how to read.
“She had a huge interest in saving the environment and passed on to the children the importance of healthy eating, recycling, saving water and energy.
“Thanks to them we have four Green flags proudly flying. They also passed on the joy of gardening and planting seeds to the children. They loved every minute of their time with Mrs O Reilly in the school garden.
“We will miss Mrs. O Reilly very much. We all wish them a very happy retirement.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An appeal has gone out for witnesses to a serious crash on the A40 in which two people were seriously injured.
Crash investigators from Gloucestershire Constabulary would like anyone who saw the smash on the major county road this afternoon, or who might have dashcam footage, to come forward.
The collision involved a small white van and a black hatchback car at Little Barrington near Burford at about 3.40pm this afternoon.
A man and a woman have been taken to John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford with serious injuries.
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Constabulary said: "The A40 will remain closed between Windrush and Little Barrington for the next few hours and motorists are advised to find alternative routes.
"Officers would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or anyone who may have relevant dash cam footage prior to the incident to contact police.
"Anyone with information is asked to call Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101 quoting incident 332 of 24 April."
Earlier this afternoon a spokesperson from Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service, said crews from Northleach and Fairford were at the scene in the Cotswolds.
They said: “Our special incident support unit from Gloucester North is also on scene, with a crew from Burford across the border supporting us too.
“We've freed one female from a vehicle involved who has been handed over to the ambulance service and are currently helping to free a male.”
Traffic has been severely affected between Cheltenham and Oxford this evening due to the crash.
FILE - In this April 3, 2018, file photo, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at a news conference at the EPA in Washington. New internal documents say a sweep for hidden listening devices in Pruittâ€™s office was shoddy and wasnâ€™t properly certified under U.S. government practices (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File)
FILE - In this April 3, 2018, file photo, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at a news conference at the EPA in Washington. New internal documents say a sweep for hidden listening devices in Pruittâ€™s office was shoddy and wasnâ€™t properly certified under U.S. government practices (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt signed a proposed rule Tuesday that seeks to restrict the types of scientific studies that regulators can use to determine the impact of pesticide and pollution exposure on human health.
Pruitt said the change, long sought by chemical manufacturers and fossil fuel companies, would increase transparency in the agency's decision-making by requiring all underlying data used in scientific studies to be made publicly available.
"The era of secret science at EPA is coming to an end," Pruitt said. "The ability to test, authenticate and reproduce scientific findings is vital for the integrity of the rule-making process. Americans deserve to assess the legitimacy of the science underpinning EPA decisions that may impact their lives."
Facing a swarm of ethical questions about their use of taxpayer money for personal perks, Pruitt signed the proposed order at EPA headquarters in an event livestreamed on the agency's website but not open to the press.
Critics that include former EPA administrators and scientists said the policy shift is designed to restrict the agency from citing peer-reviewed public-health studies that use patient medical records that must be kept confidential under patient privacy laws.
Such studies include the Harvard School of Public Health's landmark Six Cities study of 1993, which established links between death rates and dirty air in major U.S. cities. That study was used by EPA to justify tighter air-quality rules opposed by industrial polluters.
"This policy converts transparency from a principle for improving science into a weapon that undermines it," said Brian Nosek, a psychologist who directs and co-founded the Center for Open Science, which advocates for open data and transparency in research.
If finalized after a 30-day public comment period, the new policy would follow other moves by Pruitt that have included replacing academic scientists on EPA advisory committee with those either directly employed by industry or who accept research funding from corporate interests.
In adopting the "secret science" ban, Pruitt is implementing restrictions that conservative lawmakers have sought for years but been unable to pass, even with Republican majorities in both the House and Senate.
"For too long, the EPA has issued rules and regulations based on data that has been withheld from the American people," said Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas, a Republican who chairs the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. "It's likely that in the past the data did not justify all regulations. Today, Administrator Pruitt rightfully is changing business as usual and putting a stop to hidden agendas."
Smith also took the opportunity to lend their support to the embattled EPA chief.
"I know of no other administration official who goes on the offensive, who isn't intimidated, and who does what they think is the right thing regardless," Smith said.
Top scientists and experts in the environment slammed Pruitt's new policy, saying it will pit public health research against privacy and the public will lose out.
"I think the underlying motivation here is pernicious," said Carnegie Mellon University engineering professor M. Granger Morgan, who chaired EPA's Science Advisory Board under Republican President George W. Bush. They said the policy is an attempt by people who aren't interested in using science to find the truth "to raise doubts about what at this stage is very clearly established and well-reviewed science."
Scientists say when they do epidemiological studies - which look at what's happening in the real world and comparing it to illness and deaths, such as cancer clusters - they have to abide by health privacy rules.
This rule would say research results that don't post such private data couldn't be used by EPA "unless subjects have surrendered their right to privacy," William K. Reilly, who was EPA chief during the George H.W. Bush presidency, said in an email.
Pruitt cited two closed access journals - Science and Nature - as positive examples of transparency. But those journals have strict programs that allow outside experts to review private data, checking it for accuracy yet not making it public.
Tom Burke, EPA science chief during the Barack Obama administration, called the new policy "an invitation to endless delay."
They said it could "tangle up public health actions" when dealing with people and cancer-causing substances in water and air. "When something has spilled and is coming down the river, you need to set a number for when to shut the water off," said Burke, an epidemiologist who now heads the Risk Sciences Institute at Johns Hopkins University.
___
Follow Associated Press environmental reporter Michael Biesecker at http://twitter.com/mbieseck and science writer Seth Borenstein at http://twitter.com/borenbears
Newborns are seen at Shifa hospital in Gaza City on Monday (Reuters photo by Mohammed Salem)
OCCUPIED JERUSALEM — Israeli and international NGOs joined the UN on Wednesday in warning of a "total collapse" in Gaza if Israel goes ahead with plans to further cut power supplies to the enclave.
A joint statement of 16 groups, among them Israel's B'Tselem, Peace Now and Rabbis for Human Rights along with Amnesty International, said they have asked Israel's attorney general to intervene.
Gazans currently receive only three to four hours of mains electricity a day, delivered from the territory's own power station and others in Israel and Egypt.
Senior Israeli ministers decided on Sunday to reduce the amount of electricity supplied to Gaza by between 45 and 60 minutes a day after Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas cut funding for it by their West Bank-based Palestinian Authority.
The move was widely seen as an attempt by the Palestinian leader to step up pressure on their rivals in the Islamist movement Hamas which runs the Gaza Strip.
"A group of civil society organisations... sent an urgent letter today to attorney general Avichai Mandelblit demanding that they advise the members of the security Cabinet to immediately rescind [its] decision to reduce the supply of electricity sold and provided by Israel to the Gaza Strip," the NGOs said in their statement.
They said further cuts would contravene a 2008 Israeli supreme court ruling that years of Israeli control over the strip had created near-total dependence on power supply from Israel and it must therefore continue to provide sufficient electricity to meet humanitarian needs.
Amnesty warned in a separate statement of a “looming humanitarian catastrophe”.
It said additional reductions in power “will have a disastrous impact on Gaza's battered infrastructure and cause a public health disaster”.
“The move will also endanger thousands of lives including those of hospital patients with chronic conditions or in intensive care, including babies on life support.”
The UN humanitarian coordinator for the occupied territories, Robert Piper, warned that fresh cuts would be disastrous.
“A further increase in the length of blackouts is likely to lead to a total collapse of basic services, including critical functions in the health, water and sanitation sectors,” Piper said in a statement.
“The people in Gaza should not be held hostage to this longstanding internal Palestinian dispute.”
‘A catastrophe'
The French government also expressed concern.
“France is following with concern the situation in Gaza, which continues to deteriorate in the absence of a lasting political solution,” said a foreign ministry spokesperson.
Hamas has run Gaza since 2007, when it seized the territory from Abbas loyalists in a dispute over parliamentary elections swept by the Islamist movement the previous year.
Multiple attempts at reconciliation between Hamas and Abbas' Fateh movement have failed, but their Palestinian Authority has continued to pay Israel for some electricity delivered to Gaza.
The prospect of even lengthier blackouts in Gaza has raised fears of a new upsurge in violence. Israel and Hamas have fought three wars since 2008.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Tuesday that Israel had “no interest in an escalation”, blaming internal Palestinian disputes for the crisis.
Hamas said the cut was made on Abbas' orders and termed it “a catastrophe”.
“This decision aggravates the situation and risks an explosion in the Gaza Strip,” it said on Monday.
But on Wednesday Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman dismissed the idea of a humanitarian crisis in the tiny enclave of some 2 million people.
“It is clear the Gaza Strip is not Switzerland, but there is no humanitarian crisis,” they said, citing the “hundreds” of trucks delivering goods each day.
The World Food Programme, however, said Gazans also face a food shortage brought about by a drop in funding for its aid programme.
“Unless new funding quickly arrives, the United Nations World Food Programme may be forced to suspend its voucher food assistance in July,” it said.
“The energy crisis has eroded people's purchasing power and increased the prices of basic essentials,” it added. “The poorest families, including those assisted by WFP, are affected the most.”
What started near the intersection of Ynez and Rancho California roads in Temecula as a modest event in 1983 has floated into the stratosphere as the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival has become one of the top annual draws for locals and tourists alike in Riverside County.
In the beginning, there were only a handful of wineries in Temecula Valley Wine Country compared to the current lush landscape that is home to dozens of vintners ranging from boutique and quaint to large party-style facilities. And there are more under construction.
The 35th annual Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival lands at the Lake Skinner Recreation Area in Winchester Friday, June 1, through Sunday, June 3. The skies will be dotted with colorful balloons at sunrise — and the grounds will bask in the aura of the popular balloon glows once the sun sets — as wine from 18 wineries flows.
Balloon glow at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area on Friday, June 2, 2017 (File photo by Frank Perez/Contributing Photographer)
Campers have a goo setup to enjoy the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival in Temecula Saturday, June 3, 2017. (File photo by Frank Bellino, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Balloon glow at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area on Friday, June 2, 2017 (File photo by Frank Perez/Contributing Photographer)
Crews work on getting the balloons filled during the Balloon glow at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area on Friday, June 2, 2017 (File photo by Frank Perez/Contributing Photographer)
Hot air balloons prepare to take off at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival at Lake Skinner Recreation Area in Winchester on Friday, June 2, 2017. (File photo by Mark Dustin, Contributing Photographer)
And the festival has continued to elevate its entertainment lineup over the years, with Sugar Ray, Spin Doctors, Lifehouse, The Wallflowers and Justin Moore among the artists performing this weekend.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
We asked a few folks who have been a part of the signature event for years to share their favorite memories of the event.
Peggy Evans, former chairperson and former interim executive director of the festival
“I mean, when we started there were only eight wineries out here,” said the former festival board member who has been involved with the festival since 1989. “This year we expect 30,000-40,000 people at the festival.”
Evans said they were tickled a few years ago when an elderly woman took the bus from Riverside to volunteer at the festival.
“She came from a senior citizens center and told us they had heard about the event and really wanted to experience it,” Evans said. “She volunteered, poured wine and had a blast.”
May Lorah, owner of Lorah Family Vineyards in Temecula
“One of the coolest memories I have is that we booked Blake Shelton a few months before they really hit it big,” Lorah said. “We couldn't believe it and it coincided with the 25th year anniversary of the festival. That was amazing.”
Lorah said another fun flashback from previous years was when the hot air balloon scene from the 2009 romantic comedy “The Ugly Truth,” which starred Gerard Butler and Katherine Heigl, was filmed at the festival.
“I got to be an extra in the movie and it was so much fun,” Lorah said. “If you watch the balloon scene in the movie you will see the Lake Skinner area.”
Marshall Stuart, winemaker at Lorimar Vineyards & Winery and Marshall Stuart Fine Wines
Stuart said when they originally began participating in the festival in 1988 they worked at Keyways Vineyard & Winery, one of only two wineries on the De Portola Wine Trail at that time.
“It's cool to see the big names in entertainment that have performed,” Stuart said. “But I really like to see the up-and-comers like Kanan Road and Temecula Road because you never know if they will be the next ones to hit it big and I like to see local people succeed.”
Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival
When: Friday, June 1 through Sunday, June 3
Where: Lake Skinner Recreation Area, 37701 Warren Road, Winchester
Tickets: Tickets start at $25-$35 for single-day passes; $60 for the weekend and $5 for kids ages 6-12 if purchased by May 30. Tickets increase to $30-$45 at the gate; $60 for the weekend and $5 for kids 6-12
Information: 951-676-5921, tvbwf.com.
KENTWOOD, Mich. (WOOD) — Authorities are investigating after a woman threatened violence and demanded money at a Kentwood Islamic center, according to officials at the center.
Dispatchers say police were called to the At-Tawheed Islamic Center at 3357 E. Paris Ave. at 8:46 a.m. on a report of an armed robbery.
The center's chairperson of the board says the woman demanded money and threatened violence. Kentwood police say the woman said they had a weapon and talked about “blowing up.”
Kentwood police say the center was locked at the time and the woman was never inside the building.
A Michigan State Police bomb squad was called in and a police robot was on-scene checking what appeared to be a purse and jacket outside the center, however, Kentwood police say no weapons have been found.
Police say the woman, a Grand Rapids resident in their 30s, was taken to the Kent County jail.
President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron in the East Room of the White House, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron in the East Room of the White House, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
WASHINGTON (AP) - So much for an abrupt U.S. pullout from Syria.
One month ago President Donald Trump surprised many, including some in their own administration, by announcing, "We'll be coming out of Syria, like, very soon. Let the other people take care of it now." They insisted that the time had come for the U.S. military to shift its focus away from Syria.
But on Tuesday, it was clear that something or someone had changed Trump's mind.
The president said at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron at their side that before the U.S. withdraws from Syria, "we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint." This long-term approach, they added, was "a very big part" of their conversation with Macron, who told reporters that they and Trump now agree that the Syria problem involves more than Trump's priority of ridding the country of Islamic State extremists.
The two leaders indicated that they see Syria as part of a broader problem of instability in the Middle East, which includes Iran's role in Syria and Iraq.
That kind of strategic thinking bears little resemblance to Trump's words in late March when they said it was time to leave Syria to others.
"We got to get back to our country, where we belong, where we want to be," they said March 29. Their comments raised questions about U.S. intentions, including its commitment to the Syrian Kurds who have been the main U.S. proxy in fighting IS in Syria and who face an uncertain future.
Since then, Trump has taken a markedly different course, including bombing three suspected chemical weapons sites in western Syria on April 13. In announcing that action, Trump said they were committed, along with France and Britain, to using "all instruments of our national power - military, economic and diplomatic" - to deter Syria from again using chemical weapons. And they said the U.S. would "sustain" this effort for as long as it takes.
Two days later, Macron said France had persuaded Trump to stay in Syria and launch the airstrikes. "Ten days ago, President Trump wanted to withdraw from Syria. We convinced them to remain," the French president said.
In responding to Macron's comments, the White House stressed that Trump's plans had not changed and they still wanted U.S. forces to "come home as quickly as possible."
On Tuesday Trump seemed to step even further away from their March remarks. After saying they would "love to get out" of Syria, and claiming the U.S. had "done a big favor" for Iraq and other countries in Syria's neighborhood by hammering IS, Trump said they and Macron discussed the downside of leaving.
"Emmanuel and myself have discussed the fact that we don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean, especially since we really control it," Trump said. Their comment echoed a concern shared by others, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, that withdrawing from Syria now, while Syria's political crisis is unresolved, would cede ground to Iran and enable its ambition to establish an overland pathway to the Mediterranean through Iraq and Syria. Trump stuck to their view that Arab nations should do more to prevent Iran from "profiting off" the U.S. success against IS.
Even after Trump's talk last month of a quick exit, Mattis stuck to their approach, arguing that U.S. strategic goals had not changed. They told a congressional hearing on April 12 that the Trump administration remained committed to finding a political solution to Syria's seven-year-old civil war.
"Our strategy remains the same as a year ago," they said. "It is to drive this to a U.N.-brokered peace, but, at the same time, keep our foot on the neck of ISIS until we suffocate it."
On Tuesday, a spokesperson for the U.S.-led coalition fighting IS in Iraq and Syria, Col. Ryan Dillon, told reporters at the Pentagon that the United States is not slowing down in Syria. In fact, they said, the number of U.S. airstrikes against remaining pockets of IS fighters in eastern Syria had increased in the past week.
Directed by Janus Metz Pedersen and starring Shia LaBeouf and Sverrir Dudnason as the leads, Borg McEnroe is the tale of the infamous rivalry between ace tennis players Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe which finally led to the playoff in the 1980's Wimbledon. The movie deviates from the superficial differences of these two players and cultivates more into their personal traits of various emotions, philosophy, and psychology. In this bilingual drama with the main focus on Borg, their shades of obsessiveness, superstitions and anger issues have been portrayed oh so beautifully by Sverrir Dudnason.
Plot
The stoic and ossified character of Borg and the temperamental brat McEnroe come together in the battle of the century, but the movie does not hold on to the climatic match as the main priority. In fact, the director takes on a healthy comparison between these two characters and how each one formulated their emotional structure into building their image. It is a silky mixture of palates on screen giving the vibes of the 1980's melodramatic scene. That the two men are of similar nature is what the film is about. Exploring more about Borg, their moments of low and their turbulent relationship with self-control, the tale is somewhat achingly appealing. On the other hand, McEnroe with the zeal to burst out any moment showcases the same emotional instabilities as Borg. The graph of their story from being strangers to rivals to friends has been held together by the strong performances.
Cast
Sverrir Dudnason was outstanding in the role of Borg and they pushed their physical tenure by training for 6 months for this role! They play the volcano of a person that Borg was effortless. Their isolation and vulnerable nature that led to the sobbing scene in the shower is a true testament to the years of compromise both as a player and as a person with moral virtues. Shia Labeouf as the ferocious and young McEnroe may let out their emotions as an extrovert, but inside they identify a whole lot with Borg.
The counterpart characters had a valid wavelength going on and the emotional turmoil to this supposed postmodern period drama culminates into a beautiful story and script. Other cast includes Stellen Skarsgard as Lennart Bergalin, coach to Borg, the strict, emotionless disciplinarian who made their way into Borg's life. Tuva Novotny as Mariana Simionescu is the fiancé to Borg and portrays the tension between them in the most practical depiction. The cast was heavy as a team and made full utilization of their time on screen. In a relatively tricky plot, acting is what makes the movie go forward.
The rivalry between two ace players is not the central figure of the movie. It is actually the underlying respect and fascination for each other that led to the collapse of things. The film is an honest attempt that effectively captured various dimensions of the celebrities. The greatest feats in life are not the battlefield, but putting together the scattered segments of emotional insecurities that helps one find peace is what the movie conveys to its audience.
DUBLIN, April 6 Ireland built an average of just 6,700 homes a year between 2011 and 2016, census data showed on Thursday, over a third fewer than suggested by the statistics the government relies on to tackle a chronic housing shortage.
While Ireland was left with a surplus of houses after values were cut in half following the bursting of a property bubble in 2007, a recovery in its construction sector has lagged behind a rapid economic turnaround and led to supply falling far short of demand.
Ireland's government has pledged to double housing output to 25,000 by 2019 and has pointed to progress in data it publishes that showed the number of house completions as measured by new electricity connections rose to almost 15,000 last year from a low of 8,300 in 2013.
Some analysts have criticised the government for using that measure as a true reflection of activity as it effectively double counts large swathes of new builds left vacant when the market crashed that have been recently reconnected to the grid.
The census backed up that analysis by showing that in the five years to the end of April 2016, 33,400 houses were built compared to the 51,600 measured by new electricity connections.
Other indicators have shown construction activity picking up over the last year.
Yet the lower base means Ireland may face a longer wait to hit the at least 25,000 annual builds that analysts say are needed to keep up with demand in a population that is also growing three times faster than the euro zone average.
The slow supply response has accelerated house price growth again in recent months to a year-on-year average of almost 8 percent, while residential rents have already risen back above their "Celtic Tiger" peak.
The census data also showed that the average household size increased to 2.75 persons from 2.73 persons in 2011, a reversal Trinity College Economics Professor Ronan Lyons described as an "astonishing result" as the figure had been falling steadily for decades.
With more and more young workers either living at home with their parents for longer or having to share accommodation in greater numbers, Lyons said the change in the household size trend was a "damning indictment of inadequate housing supply." (Reporting by Padraic Halpin; Editing by Toby Davis)
“One of the problems of being a keen photographer is that it's easy to slip into a mode where you treat every photograph as if it were a professional assignment,” Ben Lovejoy writes for 9to5Mac. “You can end up carrying around a lot of kit, and then spending a lot of time editing photos.”
“I now make a conscious effort to decide my objective in advance” Lovejoy writes. “Is it artistic – where the kit and the time will be justified by the result – or am I simply seeking to capture a memory of an event, aka a snapshot?”
“For snaps, I just use my iPhone SE – which lacks four capabilities but is otherwise a perfectly decent camera,” Lovejoy writes. “But unless I'm uploading immediately to social media, I have a strong preference for working on a Mac rather than an iPhone, even if it's just a quick edit. And that's where Photolemur comes in.”
Read more in the full article here.
Naukrigovernment has available section for job seekers can search and now apply online for various jobs and information like sarkari jobs, PSC, SSC, Railway and also list all the today is coming The Latest Government Jobs 2018, central and state government jobs, Public sectors jobs, the latest government Bank jobs.
http://www.naukrigovernment.com/
Prince's heirs are suing an Illinois hospital and a pharmacy chain, saying both organisations could have prevented the singer's 2016 death if they had properly diagnosed and treated their overdose, court documents show.
The wrongful death lawsuit, filed in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago on Friday, accuses a doctor and pharmacist at Trinity Medical Center in Rock Island, Illinois, of failing to properly investigate the overdose or ensure the pop star received appropriate counselling.
The six heirs also accuse two Walgreens pharmacists of improperly dispensing prescription medication to Prince, according to the lawsuit.
Representatives of the hospital could not be reached by Reuters for comment on Monday evening. A spokesperson for the hospital's parent company, UnityPoint Health, told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that the company did not comment on pending litigation.
A spokesperson for Walgreens, whose parent company is Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc, declined to comment to Reuters.
Prince, 57, was found dead at their Paisley Park home and recording studio complex near Minneapolis on April 21, 2016. The official cause of death was a self-administered overdose of the painkiller fentanyl, which is 50 times stronger than heroin.
A Minnesota prosecutor said last week they could not bring any criminal charges in connection with the Purple Rain singer's death after a two-year investigation failed to determine where they obtained a counterfeit painkiller laced with fentanyl.
Police investigating Prince's death found numerous opioids in the singer's home, according to court documents released in April 2017.
The death of the music superstar, who crafted a public image of a clean and healthy vegan lifestyle, shocked the world and set off a protracted battle among their siblings and half-siblings over who would inherit their estate, estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind'
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind' Mar 19
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Sixers coach Brett Brown with guard Ben Simmons against the Utah Jazz on Monday, November 20, 2017 in Philadelphia.
On the surface, Brett Brown's comments about youth being the cause of the 76ers' turnovers sounds like an inaccurate excuse.
That's because the team signed almost 32-year-old Marco Belinelli, an 11-year veteran, and 30-year Ersan Ilyasova, in their 10th year, to free-agent contracts after both players were bought out by the Atlanta Hawks.
The Sixers start 33-year-old JJ Redick, who is in their 12th season, and they have 13th-year veteran Amir Johnson, 30, and 10-year vet, Jerryd Bayless, 29, on the roster.
Yet, the Sixers (38-30) remain the worst in the league in turnovers at 17.0 per game.
Poll Who will be the biggest key for the 76ers in the postseason? Joel Embiid
Dario Saric
Ben Simmons Vote Results
“I think that Ben [Simmons, 21 years old] and Joel [Embiid, 24] are,” Brown said of being young. “I think Dario [Saric, 23] is still. You forget how young by NBA standard they really are.”
Brown added that Simmons, Embiid and Saric feature a lot in what the Sixers do in regard to high volume touch-the-ball guys.
Monday's game against the Charlotte Hornets at Wells Fargo Center will mark the 89th game of Embiid's career. Saric played six seasons overseas before signing with the Sixers on July 15, 2016. Ben Simmons was sidelined with a broken foot last season after being the first overall pick in the 2016 draft.
Embiid was fifth in the league in turnovers at 3.8 per game heading into Sunday night's NBA action Simmons was eighth at 3.5. Saric is third on the team at 1.98.
“So when we use the turnover thing I think I used that line on,” Brown said, “I sincerely mean it.”
Remaining schedule
Starting with Monday's tilt with the Hornets at Wells Fargo Center, the Sixers (38-30) have the most games remaining in the regular season with 14.
Nine of those games are at home. Currently in sixth place in the East, the Sixers play four teams with winning records — Minnesota (March 24), Denver (March 26), Cleveland (April 6), and Milwaukee (April 11) — with all four games at the Wells Fargo Center.
Daily glimpse at the Top 12 spots in the Eastern Conference standings. pic.twitter.com/PM7iKf9BG2 — Keith Pompey (@PompeyOnSixers) March 18, 2018
The 14 remaining opponents (through Saturday) have a .404 winning percentage, giving the Sixers the easiest schedule in the NBA the rest of the way. The third-place Cavaliers (40-29), who are 1 ½ games ahead of the Sixers, will be playing teams with a .483 winning percentage, followed by No. 4 Washington (.491), and No. 5 Indiana (.551, the sixth-toughest). The Wizards and Pacers, both at 40-30, are a game ahead of the Sixers.
Is Fultz a one or a two? Brown says he's a player.
Markelle Fultz was a point guard their senior season at DeMatha Catholic High School and during their lone season at the University of Washington.
However, the Sixers were already invested in Ben Simmons at point guard when they selected Fultz first overall in June's NBA draft. As a result, they were supposed to start at shooting guard and assume the ball-handling duties when Simmons was out of the game.
That never really materialized as Fultz is scheduled to miss their 65th game on Monday while learning how to reshoot a basketball. But he's looked good as the primary ball handler during three-on-three scrimmages and leading the second team at practice. Fultz has been able to get all over the court with the ball in their hands. He's also excelled in the pick-and-roll.
So is they a point guard or a shooting guard?
“I think he's a player,” said Brown, refusing to answer the question. “I think we will learn more about Markelle what their position is as we coach them more. Right now, I think they do some special things kind of all over the place as a primary ball carrier, playing the second side of stuff when they can have a live ball or a pick-and-roll.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Electronic radio tags could be used to track invasive Asian hornets and stop them colonising the UK and killing honeybees, new research shows.
Scientists from the University of Exeter attached tiny tags to Asian hornets, then used a tracking device to follow them to their nests; the first time this has been achieved.
They tested the technique in southern France and Jersey - where Asian hornets are well established - and the tags led researchers to five previously undiscovered nests.
"Our new method of tracking offers a really important new tool to tackle the spread of this invader, providing an efficient means of finding hornets' nests in urban, rural and wooded environments," said lead researcher Dr Peter Kennedy, of the Environment and Sustainability Institute on the University of Exeter's Penryn Campus in Cornwall.
Asian hornets prey on honeybees and other pollinators, and the scientists say the technique demonstrated in their study could help protect Britain's "beleaguered pollinator populations".
"It is vital to find the nests early in the season to prevent the hornet spreading, as later in the year hundreds of new queens emerge and disperse from each nest, each with the potential to make new nests," said Professor Juliet Osborne, a co-author on the study, and Director of the Environment and Sustainability Institute.
The work was funded as part of Defra's efforts to prepare for future outbreaks of the Asian hornet in the UK.
South West beekeepers also saw the urgency of the work, supporting it with their own funds.
Nicola Spence, Defra Deputy Director for Plant and Bee Health, said: "This work is key for ensuring a rapid response to Asian hornets when sightings are confirmed, and in future bee inspectors will be able to use this technique to take swift action."
"In France, the Asian hornet is unlikely to be eliminated, so efforts are now focussed more on limiting their impact," said Dr Denis Thiéry from INRA Bordeaux-Aquitaine in France, who collaborated on this work.
Mr Willie Peggie, Director of The States of Jersey Department of the Environment, where the technique was also tested, said: "We are pleased to be investigating efficient methods of tracking Asian hornets to their nests, as we're concerned about their impact on our wild insect pollinators, as well as their effect on local honey production."
The researchers used the smallest radio tags available - made by UK firm Biotrack Ltd - and attached them to hornets with sewing thread. Hornets were able to carry them as long as the tag weighed less than 80% of the insect's weight.
Asian hornets are the latest threat to Britain's honeybees, which - like many pollinators - are suffering due to factors including habitat loss, parasites and pesticides.
The British Beekeepers Association are also pleased about the development of a reliable technique for tracking this invasive predator, and stated: "The BBKA are greatly concerned about the possible incursion by the Asian Hornet because of the devastation likely to be caused to honeybees and other pollination insects."
Adult Asian hornets "hawk" at beehives, meaning that they hover outside to grab bees, before dismembering them and taking them back to their nest to feed to larvae.
The first Asian hornet discovered in Britain was in Gloucestershire in 2016, when a nest was found and destroyed. Another nest was destroyed in Woolacombe, Devon, last year. In April this year, a single hornet was found in Lancashire.
Asian hornets are smaller than native European hornets, have a largely dark brown or black body and yellow-tipped legs, a distinctive orange-yellow stripe near the end of their abdomen, and often a thin orange-yellow line just behind the "waist". Their face is orange, and the back of the head is black, unlike the European hornet in which both the face and back of the head are yellow.
Any suspected sighting of an Asian hornet should be reported, ideally with a photo, via email to alertnonnative@ceh.ac.uk or by using the Asian Hornet Watch app.
The paper, published in the journal Communications Biology, is entitled: "Searching for nests of the invasive Asian hornet (Vespa velutina) using radio-telemetry."
###
The main funder of the research was the UK government's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra).
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
1:13 USC commit spotlight: Damani Staley transitions to linebacker
This substantial and Impressive detached home in Clermont Park, Heynestown, Dundalk has been brought to the market by Property Partners Laurence Gunne and offers a modern residence with a plaster and feature stone finish and gardens to the front and rear.
Exceptionally well laid out and bright, the property offers spacious accommodation comprising, large entrance hall, two reception rooms, fully fitted kitchen, sunroom, study, playroom, guest bathroom and utility area.
Overhead there is a spacious landing with feature window, five bedrooms two of which are ensuite and family bathroom.
Outside the property which offers many extras would have the benefit of a detached garage and gardens.
The property which is conveniently located to Blackrock Village, Dundalk's town centre and with in easy reach of the M1 motorway offers an excellent opportunity to acquire a well laid out home.
Clermont Park, Heynestown, Dundalk - €400,000. For more information click here
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Nanoscale Chemicals Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Nanoscale Chemicals market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Qinhuangdao Taiji Ring Nano-Products, NanoMas Technologies, Akzo Nobel Pulp and Performance Chemicals, BASF, Nanophase Technologies, Altair Nanotechnologies, Altair Nanotechnologies, Advanced Nano Products, Tokuyama. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Nanoscale Chemicals Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-nanoscale-chemicals-market/10369/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Nanoscale Chemicals market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Nanoscale Chemicals market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Nanoscale Chemicals Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Nanoscale Chemicals. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Nanoscale Chemicals in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade Nanoscale Chemicals, Drug Grade Nanoscale Chemicals, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Automotive Industry, Electronic Industry, Electrical Industry, Medical Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Nanoscale Chemicals Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-nanoscale-chemicals-market/10369/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Nanoscale Chemicals new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Nanoscale Chemicals market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Nanoscale Chemicals industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Toon Blast Cheats – Learn Tips on how to Get Limitless Coins
Toon Blast is an intriguing puzzle primarily based game, which can be apt for all age groups. Created by Peak Games, the game has desirable cartoony graphics to draw the attention of youngsters. Your key objective inside the game would be to complete various puzzles by matching pieces on the grid and for that you just may perhaps will need the aid of Toon Blast Cheats. The game will let you sync amongst many devices, so you'll be able to start out playing the game where you left irrespective on the fact that you are using a mobile telephone or maybe a tablet. Get far more details about toon blast cheats
Making Combinations Of Blocks:
Inside the starting in the game, you can tap on all combinations which you come across within the grid. Having said that, in case you get started concentrating on producing specific combinations then it'll enable you to succeed speedily. If you make a mixture of five blocks, it can turn into a Rocket. A combo of seven blocks will turn into a Bomb and grouping of nine blocks will turn into a Disco Ball. To produce it easier for you personally to figure out special blocks around the grid, the symbol around the blocks will automatically transform into a Disco Ball, Rocket, or Bomb. So, preserve an eye on them!
Coins:
Coins and Boosters are incredibly very important currencies with the game. You could devote actual money to buy them or unlock Chests to earn them in limited amounts. Alternatively, you may consider making use of Toon Blast Cheats for acquiring good quantity of Coins and Boosters quickly.
Coming back to Chests, you'll find two types of Chests obtainable inside the game: Star Chest and Standard Chest. You'll be able to unlock the Typical Chest immediately after successfully completing ten levels. However, the Star Chest might be unlocked right after you earn 20 Stars inside the game. Having said that, you can find some criteria that needs to be followed for unlocking Star Chests like it is possible to acquire them following completing Level 7, only 3 can be acquired in every level, etc.
The very best strategy to obtain loads of Stars is by finishing the grid with the lowest variety of moves. If there are actually moves left at the end of the Level, then you definitely will earn Stars. Every move which is left right after finishing the job within the level is converted into a Rocket, which will award you with two,000 Points.
Lives:
The more the number of Lives you obtain, the longer you'll be capable of play the game! The simplest approach to procure Lives is by joining a group. Nonetheless, you are able to join a team only right after effectively finishing Level 20.
The community of Toon Blast is really a big one particular. You could either join an existing team or generate your own. To create a individual group, you are going to need to have a good amount of Coins. Furthermore, you might have to wait till other gamers join your team. Rather, it is actually superior to join an existing group that has loads of members. This will even save your Coins. If you want to spend Coins anywhere you need you may try Toon Blast Cheats
The members of the group are very useful mainly because they share their experiences as well as present tips the new gamers. Anytime you might be in require of Lives, you can ask group members to help you out. Lives can also be acquired by waiting for sometime because it regenerates automatically.
Gifting a Life to a gamer won't price you something. As an alternative, you may be rewarded with a Coin for every Life. So, anytime you may need a Life then ask for it and any time you have some extra Lives then present it to other gamers. Each and every player can gift as much as 5 Lives every single couple of hours. So, you'll be able to continue enjoying your game with no worrying about Lives.
Boosters:
Boosters are exceptionally crucial to clear several pieces at a time inside the grid. There are quite a few distinct types of Boosters accessible inside the game that can be made use of for enhancing your gameplay. Nevertheless, acquiring them is just not uncomplicated! It is possible to procure them once within a while by unlocking Frequent Chest or Star Chest, so you'll want to use them sparingly. In case that you are stuck up using a difficult level, then make use of the Booster otherwise begin playing the exact same level again using the hope of completing it inside the second time.
As an example; the Boxing Glove Booster is usually utilized for destroying each and every piece in an entire row. An Anvil Booster can clear an entire column in the grid whereas a Hammer Booster will destroy single blocks. Also, if you commence stages, you may get some Boosters which will be beneficial in turning a block into a Disco Ball, Rocket, or Bomb.
Listed Below Are Some Amazing Recommendations That can Make Your Toon Blast Game Simpler:
Ahead of you begin with matching blocks around the grid, analyze the board and see if there are actually pieces that can be grouped together to produce a combo. Each and every time you make a combo of four or far more blocks, you can be capable of generate a specific block.
After you obtain a Rocket and Bomb, try and have them adjacent to each other. This may allow you to combine particular pieces for any effective effect. For example; two Rockets with each other will allow you to delete two lines at when. Two Bombs collectively will produce a highly effective explosion. You can even produce combinations of various specific pieces.
A Rocket as well as a Bomb combo is definitely the finest remedy to wipe out three adjacent columns and rows. This combo can even be used for destroying objective connected blocks like bubbles or balloons. Similarly, if you make a combo out of a Bomb along with a Disco Ball, it's going to transform the color from the blocks and destroy a lot of the blocks around the grid.
Adjust the date and time on your gaming device to obtain Lives instantaneously. All you need to complete is move the time forward by a couple of hours. This trick will save you from wasting time in waiting for the Lives to regenerate on its own. Recall to change the time once more just after you finish playing the game for the day.
To conclude, Toon Blast is usually a exciting game that can preserve you busy with its a lot of challenges. So, join the crazy globe of Toon Blast and have a blast!
This cover image released by Legacy Recordings shows, "You're Driving Me Crazy," by Van Morrison and Joey Defrancesco. (Legacy Recordings via AP)
This cover image released by Legacy Recordings shows, "You're Driving Me Crazy," by Van Morrison and Joey Defrancesco. (Legacy Recordings via AP)
Van Morrison has come up with a simple, and surprisingly effective, way to combat possible writer's block - recycle old songs and standards with a brand-new approach.
He's tried it before with "Duets: Re-Working the Catalogue" in 2015 and is at it again in "You're Driving Me Crazy."
This time he's teamed with Joey DeFrancesco in a supremely relaxed, jazzy workout notable for its easy, almost effortless swing.
This is Morrison when he's not trying too hard, not looking for new ways to express the emotions captured so brilliantly in their earlier work, simply enjoying the chance to team up with a superb organist and trumpeter to revisit some of their older songs mixed in with a few classics.
They shine on a number of standards, including Cole Porter's "Miss Otis Regrets," which Morrison personalizes with some distinctive mumbling. By now their vocal tics are so familiar that listeners can feel them trying to find, and stretch out, a moment of bliss.
They reach all the way back to "Astral Weeks" for an updated "The Way Young Lovers Do," one of the most evocative pieces from that landmark album. The composition stands the test of the time, and Morrison's vocal performance meets the challenge, even if he's decades past the coming-of-age drama depicted in that song.
He's taking a number of songs originally performed in more of a rock style and put them in a jazz context. The joy they find is clear from the opening moments, and there are several occasions when the sometimes grumpy Morrison laughs with pure delight.
Taking away the pressure of coming up with new masterworks to match "Into the Mystic" and "Moondance" seems to have liberated Morrison. And, lest ye forget, this man can sing.
WESTWEGO, La. (AP) — A Tennessee man has died in Louisiana after police say two friends performed wrestling moves on him.
The Times-Picayune/Nola.com reports 45-year-olds Scott Pomeroy and James Ferrier were arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter in the death of 45-year-old Steven Knight.
Westwego police spokesperson Lt. Eric Orlando says the men were horse-playing after drinking. Pomeroy told detectives that Ferrier delivered a wrestling move known as an “elbow drop.” Ferrier admitted to dropping their body and extended elbow on Knight twice and said Pomeroy performed the move at least once.
Knight was found without a pulse Sunday morning.
Orlando says there were no signs of foul play and the men had no intention to cause harm, but evidence led to manslaughter charges. It's unclear if they have lawyers.
5G, the “blisteringly fast” internet surface that businesses need for continued innovation, is coming to the bordering provinces of Ontario, and the mainly French-speaking province of Quebec.
With the financial help of the two provincial governments and the federal government and some companies, a combined $400 million (Cdn) investment will phase in the 5G network over the next three of four years.
“the move from 4G to 5G is a quantum leap”
The companies leading these developments are Ericsson, Thales Canada, Ciena Canada, IBM and CGI and the corridor is known as ENCQOR
We're living in a 4G world at the moment, which makes everything that's available in the cell phone in the palm of our hand possible. But 5G is exponentially more.
“everybody's wearing a pair of glasses instead of a smartphone”
In an interview with CBC News, Lawrence Surtees, a communications analyst with the research firm IDC, said “the move from 4G to 5G is a quantum leap”.
Downloading a HD movie onto your phone, which can take about an hour now, will take just seconds on the new network.
Already companies like Rogers, one of Canada's major wireless carriers, is innovating.
The Rogers Centre, a large arena with a retractable roof in downtown Toronto, has been equipped with 5G antennas, with a view to enhancing customer experience.
Recently, Alan Smithson of MetaVRse, based in Toronto, talked about the potential for virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR).
“We've seen an enormous growth in the last few years,” they told CBC. “But as you increase the resolution of these screens, of course you have to push more data.”
Currently pushing more data necessitates the bulky headsets associated with virtual reality, but 5G networks will make similar experiences, and more, available on a pair of simple glasses.
“Ten years out,” they imagine, “everybody's wearing a pair of glasses instead of a smartphone.”
(With files from CBC)
ARLINGTON – Although Da Boyz won't have the 1st 2nd or 3rd draft pick this year, there's another way they're winning this week.
That's showing off the home turf, A.K.A., Jerry's World, to millions of guests and familiar faces.
Yep that's the NFL network setting up shot.
This is where some of the calls will be made come Thursday night.
And, let's not forget about the huge stage rolled out for Roger Goodell and future players.
Hey, we all know sprucing up this stadium to it's fullest potential is pretty easy for a billionaire like Mr. Jones!
South Australian households are set to save an average of $144.85 over the coming year after the Liberal government announced a cut to the emergency services levy.
The reduction was a key election commitment for the government and is projected to put $360 million back into households over the next four years.
"We want more money in the pockets of everyday South Australians so that they can spend it the way they choose to spend it," Premier Steven Marshall said on Thursday.
Although the budget is not expected to be delivered until September, the relief will be in place from July 1.
"We are delivering our long-held promise to provide cost-of-living relief to South Australian household, which ensured massive hikes under the previous Labor administration," Mr Marshall said.
The government's pledge to cut total ESL bills by $90 million, will not impact emergency services, as savings will be found in other areas, Treasurer Rob Lucas said.
"We have been cutting out waste and over-expenditure in the public service, we have got rid of 50 ministerial staffers already," Mr Lucas said.
The Liberals took the policy to the recent state election, promising to bring relief within the government's first 100-days.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Kareena Kapoor Khan says women are capable of fighting out of every situation in life. Kareena spoke about women's strengths at the red carpet of the Lux Golden Rose Awards here in Mumbai on Sunday night.
They were asked to comment on teenage actor Zaira Wasim's alleged harassment by a middle-aged man during a flight.
“I think women are way more superior than men. We are fighters and whatever the situation might be in our life — be it personal or professional — we all come out as fighters.”
“Like I said before, we call our god Laxmi, we pray to them and they are a woman, and when we talk about our land, we call it motherland… So, women are way more superior. We will fight out of every situation in life,” Kareena said.
Trending
Zaira, apart from celebrities like Alia Bhatt, Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Sridevi, Madhuri Dixit, Juhi Chawla, Fatima Sana Shaikh, Bhumi Pednekar and Sushant Singh Rajput, were present for the event.
Kareena was asked who their favourite is in present-day Bollywood. They said, “All the actores, be it, Alia Bhatt, Deepika Padukone or Katrina Kaif, I think all of them are great achievers in their careers. We all have worked for more than 12-15 years, so taking one name wouldn't be nice because, for me, I think everybody is an achiever.”
Kareena also bagged an award for ‘I Am More Than You Can See Award' at the ceremony.
On the work front, Kareena Kapoor is busy wrapping their first venture with Sonam Kapoor titled Veere Di Wedding. It will release in May next year. Zaira Wasim was last seen in Secret Superstar which also featured Aamir Khan in an extended cameo. The film was a hit affair at the ticket windows.
Dealing with a disability is a very personal issue and for some people using a wheelchair on a daily basis can be difficult to adjust to. It can take some time to get around the new reality – however, using a powerchair from the beginning can lead to a more rewarding experience.
[REDDITCH, 3/7/2018] – Karma Mobility offers a wide range of powerchairs. Karma Mobility powerchairs come with an electric motor and a controller that allows users to move around independently. Karma Mobility powerchairs are sturdy and can be operated on many types of terrain without the need for assistance.
Advantages of powerchairs
Powerchairs have many advantages, since they are specifically made to facilitate people's lives. Karma Mobility powerchairs, in particular, come in different types and sizes and are always adjusted to fit a person's individual needs. Some powerchairs offered by Karma Mobility, such as the Ergo Stand Powerchair, are self-propelled providing more independence to people.
For many patients, the idea of using a wheelchair can be quite challenging because it seems as if they are losing their ability to move around independently. Moreover, regular wheelchairs can become hard to use or cause pain in the long run.
Karma Mobility powerchairs are specifically made to make things simpler when it comes to moving from one place to the next. Unlike mobile scooters, Karma Mobility powerchairs are less bulky and can easily be navigated from one place to the other without the need for supervision. Most patients find that by using powerchairs, they tend to depend less on others and their quality of life improves.
Investing in a powerchair
Even though powerchairs can be more expensive than regular wheelchairs, at Karma Mobility a wide range of powerchairs is available for different budgets. On the other hand, buying one should not be ruled out before checking with insurance, as in some cases, part of the cost can be covered. Overall, Karma Mobility powerchairs are more durable compared to regular wheelchairs, perform better and are bound to last for many years with proper use. For all these reasons, Karma Mobility powerchairs are a great investment for any person with limited mobility.
HOUSTON -- Instead of prolonging the anxiety that often accompanies that first call-up to the majors, the Los Angeles Angels wasted no time giving right-hander Justin Anderson their big-league debut.
Anderson, a native Houstonian, worked a scoreless eighth inning in the Angels' 2-0 win on Monday, pitching around a pair of hits while also recording a strikeout. Anderson attended St. Pius X High School and Texas-San Antonio before the Angels selected them in 2014. With more than four dozen family members and friends in attendance, they skillfully showcased their wares.
"Justin has made the switch from a starting pitcher with us to the bullpen in the minor leagues and hopefully is starting to get comfortable with it," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. "His stuff is real, he's harnessed it; he's got a terrific arm. As long as they can harness it you have to be excited about their upside and what they can do."
Another Angels rookie, right-hander Shohei Ohtani (2-1, 3.60 ERA), will make their fourth start of the season and the first of their career against the Astros on Tuesday. It will mark their third start against an American League West opponent, with Ohtani opening their career with consecutive outings against the Athletics including one on April 8 where they allowed one hit and one walk white striking out 12 batters over seven scoreless innings. Ohtani departed their last start against Boston on April 17 with blister problems, working only two innings in the Angels' 10-1 loss.
Right-hander Charlie Morton (3-0, 0.72 ERA) earns the starting nod for the Astros. Morton, who leads the AL in ERA, is 3-0 with a 3.14 ERA over five career starts against the Angels. They faced them three times last season, twice at Minute Maid Park, tossing five shutout innings in a 3-0 victory on April 17 before surrendering one run on four hits and one walk with five strikeouts over seven innings in a 6-2 win on Sept. 23. In their lone appearance in Anaheim, they allowed three runs on four hits and one walk with five strikeouts over five innings in a 7-5 win.
While Morton has been sensational thus far, Ohtani will be the attraction in the middle game of the series. The Astros are unlikely to get a look at their bat, but the two-way Japanese import offers equal intrigue with their arm from the mound.
"I'm certainly interested to see him; we've got to find a way to beat him," Astros manager A.J. Hinch said of Ohtani. "He's been very good early on. I know they had one little bad start but I think everyone is a little intrigued.
"Similar to any player that comes into the league, they have fanfare and international notoriety, there's intrigue to check them out and see what he's got against our guys."
The Astros (16-8) got their first look at the Angels' revamped roster on Monday as their six-game winning streak came to an end. The Angels (15-8) bolstered their lineup with the offseason additions of veteran infielders Ian Kinsler and Zack Cozart plus Ohtani to compete with the World Series champions who have designs on dominating the division they both share.
"They're a really good team in every facet of the game," Hinch said. "They obviously had a great core to begin with and then they added some really exceptional players when you look at last season they added (left fielder Justin) Upton and this offseason they added Cozart and Ohtani. They just look like a team where they're building where they have very few weaknesses."
A 24-year-old suspect is to appear in court Tuesday after a dispute between two men turned deadly on New Year's Eve in Plaisance, Que., 80 kilometres east of Ottawa.
“It's not a random case. They knew each other,” said Sgt. Marc Tessier of the Sûrété du Quebec. “It was a dispute between two men that ended in the death of one of them.”
The body of 48-year-old Erik Dugas was found Saturday afternoon at a home on Rue du Parc in Plaisance, a small community on Highway 148 along the Ottawa River.
The suspect, who has not been named, could face a first-degree murder charge, but that will be decided Tuesday by the Crown attorney before they appear in court, Tessier said. The suspect is being held in custody.
Police won't release any other details about the case until after the suspect's court appearance, Tessier said.
WEST INDEPENDENCE — One motorist was taken to the hospital after a four-vehicle crash Monday on U.S. 224 near Hancock County 23 in West Independence.
Daniel Arbogast, 20, of Tiffin, was taken to Blanchard Valley Hospital by Hanco Ambulance, the Hancock County Sheriff's Office reported. Others involved in the crash were treated at the scene by Hanco.
The sheriff's office said Arbogast was driving a 2002 Chevrolet Silverado east on U.S. 224 about 4:43 p.m. when they failed to maintain an assured clear distance ahead and struck the rear of a 2008 Dodge Caravan driven by Van Williams, 20, of Tiffin. The van hit the rear of a 2011 Honda CRV that was stopped in traffic, the sheriff's office said, and the van then spun and was struck by a 2017 Freightliner truck driven by Joseph Shetina, 37, of Norton.
The crash remained under investigation Monday night.
Assisting at the accident scene were the Washington Township Fire Department and three towing services — Ed's, John's and Peacock.
Comments
comments
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Speech to Text for In The Paint 2/2 Pt. 3
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
north central girls made a tournament run.. the t-birds looking to win back-to-back sectional games for the first time since 2007.. the thunderbirds taking on bloomfield at the 1-a clay city sectional.. 1st quarter.. t-birds in transition .. courtney williams.. the first-year student goes underneath the defender for the bucket.. that puts north central on the board first. later.. williams running the show.. they move it over to another first-year student.. jocelyn cox drives baseline for the score.. on the other end.. cardinals inbounding.. malea toon shooting from 15 feet.. she's automatic .. bloomfield bringing it back.. then.. nicole kilzer driving underneath.. they get the edge on the defender and banks it in.. that north central streak stops at one.. bloomfield picks up a 50-34 win.. the cardinals advancing to saturday. [543]no 12 clay city wrv-vo and they're opponent the winner of the other game in the eel dome.. the host clay city taking on w-r-v.. 2nd quarter.. check out this pass inside to avalee jeffers.. they put it up and in.. a big night for the clay city senior.. 21 points and 12 rebounds for jeffers.. later. andrea flight attendant from the corner.. count it.. the eels up by five in the 3rd.. w-r-v didn't go quietly.. mattie thrasher the strong down low bucket.. but the eels hold on to this one.. clay city advances to the sectional title against bloomfield with a 48-38 win over the wolverines. [544]no 13 casey westfield flora-vo we had some boys hoops over in illinois... casey-westfield is knocking on the door of a 20 win season... with five regular season games left the warriors sit at 18 wins.... casey was going for number 19 tonight at home against flora.... the warriors have a lot of shooters you can't leave open, especially logan hawker....he's automatic from behind the arc... hawker can score from all over the court... later luke richards finds them under the bucket....hawke r scores over the double team.. casey gives drew woodrow a little to much daylight....the flora the senior splashes home a three ... kyle carver had a nice game for casey with 18 ....he gets nothing but net on the jumper .... casey-westfield wins 67-54.....the warrios earn their 19th win of the season.... marshall was looking for a home win over newton.... eagles jack chapman gets open on the wing and lets it fly, bingo from downtown... chapman was feeling it, can we get a heat check on number three ....he's money again .... newton on the other end leaves jadon wallace open.....the marshall sophomore says thank you very much with the three ball... we know wade tharp can shoot...newton gets out on himi, doesn't matter...shot fake and boom, good on the deep two.... newton picks up a key road win, 63-59 at marshall.... thanks to a season-high four-game winning
COLUMBUS, Ga. — Columbus may be the next city in Georgia to forbid smoking inside public places. Columbus city council will soon hear a new version of the smoke free ordinance, which has plenty of support according to a poll from Breathe Right Columbus.
A vote from city councilors to ban smoking at indoor establishments may come as soon as June 27th, but was supposed to be discussed Tuesday.
The poll from Breathe Right Columbus showed 69 percent of voters support a city ordinance to prevent smoking in public places. Now, local residents are making their voices heard as the vote approaches.
“I don't think people should be allowed to smoke inside,” Phenix City resident Eric Armour said. “I'm not a smoker and I don't know the science behind it, but they say second hand smoke is worse than first-hand smoke so I absolutely don't want to have cancer to happen to me or anybody else.”
For Jaimie Gonzalez, the decision to smoke inside should be up to people and not the city.
“If I don't feel like being around cigarette smoke that day I wouldn't go to that establishment if they still allowed it,” they said. “But if they did allow it and it was fine and we were going to have a nice after work cocktail, yeah it would be just fine having smoke around us.”
The ordinance was modeled after one in Savannah and Fulton County, Georgia, and there are six cities in Georgia that are smoke free. This ordinance, however, would not prohibit smoking in outdoor public spaces.
LAGRANGE, Ga. – LaGrange Police are on the hunt for three people in connection with a couple of armed robberies. Police tell News 3 the first robbery happened Wednesday, December 28, around 12:45 p.m. on South Greenwood Street.
A 42-year-old victim reported that a woman walked up to them in front of their house trying to sell some items from their car. Police say when the victim invited the guest into their home, the woman allegedly pulled a silver handgun on them and demanded money. The victim told police they handed over some money, and then the suspect took off in a small sedan.
One day later, a 25-year-old victim reported that two men robbed them at gunpoint just before they went into work. the incident happened just after 4:30 a.m on Curran Avenue. The victim told police that both men were wearing dark clothing, and one of them pulled a dark-colored handgun on him, demanding money. The suspects then allegedly ran away from the Curran Ave. home.
Anyone with information in either of these incidents should call LaGrange Police at 706-883-2603.
After a week of infighting, the City Council has voted 5-to-4 to reorganize and name Ernie Martin as the body's chair.
Martin replaces Councilman Ron Menor, whose leadership direction had rankled some councilmembers.
Kymberly Marcos Pine, an outspoken critic of Menor, has been named vice chairperson; Carol Fukunaga is the council's floor leader.
A push for a leadership change started last week.
Pine accused Menor and their leadership team of treating them unfairly because she's a woman, a charge Menor vocally denied.
Martin, meanwhile, previously served as the council's chair and supported a reorganization over rail funding.
Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell's budget calls for borrowing $44-million for rail operations.
Caldwell has said when it comes to rail, they hope to have the support of the council, no matter who the chair is.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Fr. Brendan O'Sullivan is pictured with Bishop Francis Duffy after the Celebration Mass in St. Mary's Church.
Tommy O'Dowd, Chairperson of the Kiltoghert Pastoral Council, makes a presentation to Fr. O'Sullivan on behalf of the parishioners of Kiltoghert Parish.
Eileen Costello presents Fr. Brendan with a Leitrim Crystal bowl on behalf of the Jubilee committee.
Fr. Brendan O'Sullivan is pictured with their parents Pat and Josie from Lanesboro, Co. Longford; sisters Marie and Ciara, brother Micheál, nieces, nephews and family members after the 25th Anniversary Ordination Mass in St. Mary's Church, Carrick-on-Shannon on Friday last. Missing from photo is Fr. Brendan's brother, Diarmuid.
Fr. O'Sullivan cuts the celebration cake with their parents Pat and Josie.
Bishop Francis Duffy, Bishop of Ardagh and Clonmacnois, is pictured with priests from the Diocese at the 25th Anniversary Ordination Mass for Fr. Brendan O'Sullivan in St. Mary's Church, Carrick-on-Shannon on Friday evening last.
Rita McWeeney presents a bouquet of flowers to Fr. Brendan's mother, Josie at the function. Also pictured is Fr. Brendan.
Fr. O'Sullivan is pictured with parishioners Mary and James Faughnan.
Dear Justin, Andrew and Jagmeet: It's time to throw down the gauntlet.
The sexual misconduct dominoes now toppling across the country are eroding the public's already wilted trust in their elected officials. They who moves first and most aggressively to challenge the status quo on misconduct will not only be doing the right thing, they'll be helping their prospects come 2019.
Not that electoral gain is the primary concern. The focus must be on rooting out the bad actors inhabiting Ottawa's dark corners and putting in place a proper complaints procedure for all politicians and their staff. Leaders must do more while also moving faster than the legion of journalists now sifting through their mental rolodexes of Ottawa rumour and innuendo. The harassment in federal workplaces legislation being fast-tracked through Parliament is fine, but smacks of too little, too late.
The focus must also be broader than sexual misconduct, which is a symptom, not the disease. As the Senate expenses scandal demonstrated, Ottawa is a clubby enclave governed by a different set of rules. This has to change – from top to bottom. The radical transparency enforced by the internet and digital technology means that skeletons – whether sexual or spending – no longer stay hidden in closets. Elected officials now live in a world without walls. It's not the time to moan about it; it's time to embrace it.
This means more visibility on prosaic matters such as MP expenses and lobbying, and more transparency about the rules enforcing accountability in Ottawa. Opening up the meetings of the Broad of Internal Economy – where bad deeds went to get buried – was a good step, but there's more to be done.
Of course, rule changes mean little without a matching change in culture. But here's the problem: You can't legislate Ottawa into being a less tribal place. You can't drain Ottawa of the money, power and loneliness that make it such a palace of temptation. Nor can you draw up rules banning MPs from doing things such as fraternizing with staff or attending boozy receptions. Sunshine is the only hope to disinfect our capital. “Could you defend your behaviour if it appeared on the front page” is the one equation all politicians are able to compute.
The trouble with places such as Ottawa, however, is that formal and informal networks have always existed to keep bad stuff out of the public domain. Those who wield power for a living have no trouble doing the same in cases of questionable behaviour against people who have little or none. Even if the abused wanted to shout, there were no outlets for them to vent.
Well, the internet has shattered that dynamic. Everyone now has a voice, and everything can get out, so politicians had better govern themselves accordingly. The default must now be openness. This will spook some, but the public's expectation of their representatives isn't perfection. Canadians know politicians are hewn from the same crooked timber as they are. But contrition after a stumble is impossible to communicate from behind a veil of secrecy.
That won't stop some in Ottawa from hoping this #MeToo moment blows over. The culture clearly didn't change with Massimo Pacetti or Scott Andrews' ejection from the Liberal caucus in 2014 over allegations made by several NDP MPs, or with Darshan Kang's ejection for allegedly abusing their staff last year. That's why the party leaders need to take this head on. Now.
What more could Trudeau, Scheer, or Singh do to change the game? Let's start with the obvious: Get more women into politics and Parliament.
Women aren't a panacea, but there's no question they're a civilizing influence in politics that brings a much-needed alternative to Ottawa's alpha-male attitudes. Read Conservative MP Michelle Rempel's interventions into the sexual misconduct debate this week and tell me we don't need more of that in public life.
Nothing need be gifted. But party organizers need to be working overtime to find qualified female candidates and encouraging them to run. Running for a leader who is committed to radical transparency and encouraging a respectful workspace would, one imagines, be a strong draw.
Strong action on misconduct would be right in Justin Trudeau's wheelhouse. He's Mr. Feminist and has consistently made a point of pointing out their gender-balanced cabinet. He's already stuck their neck out in giving themselves a clean bill of health over their own conduct toward women. More is surely to come.
The same political calculus applies for Jagmeet Singh, who is eager to make their name with ordinary Canadians and looking for an issue on which to differentiate themselves from Trudeau. Me too'ing Trudeau's actions to combat #MeToo won't cut it. They need to act first. All the more reason, then, for Andrew Scheer to grab the baton and run with it.
Broadening the debate on the need for an Ottawa culture shift will help keep the focus away from its seedier corners, while bringing all of Parliament into the light.
—
Andrew MacDougall is a London-based communications consultant and ex-director of communications to former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Lawmaker Sabien Lahaye-Battheu denies that the bill that they tabled is intended to encourage drunkenness in public places, but they do believe that any punishment should be proportionate. Today drunken cyclists with over 1.5 per mille alcohol in their blood get their day in court and automatically receive a temporary driving ban.
Sabien Lahaye-Battheu: "It's often drunken students who get the automatic month's driving ban and more often than not they don't even have a licence. This shows how illogical our legislation is!"
Drunken cyclists won't get off scot-free: they will still be fiend and judges will be able to impose a driving ban if they so wish.
PHOENIX, Ariz — An Arizona woman is safe after they used a baseball bat to fight off a half-naked man who broke into their home, according to KTVK.
Timothy Valdez, 29, has been charged with burglary, armed robbery, kidnapping and aggravated assault after they allegedly broke into an apartment and attacked a woman.
Simone Parker was home alone when they say a pantsless Valdez broke into their apartment and pulled out a knife, demanding clothes and money.
“I gave them a green t-shirt, and they put the green shirt on, and I was looking for some pants, and I'm like, ‘Forget that, I'm not going to get them no pants, I'm going to get the bat.' So, I got the bat and I went to hit him,” they said.
Parker hit them on the back of the head and on their face, but they eventually overpowered them and struck them with the bat.
Valdez stole their purse and ran to another area of the apartment complex, but a neighbor and Parker's son was able to restrain them until officers arrived to arrest him. They later admitted to police that they had been high on meth and didn't remember anything.
Valdez was taken to a local jail on a $125,000 bond.
Market Scenario:
Medical imaging is increasingly being used across various medical segments such as radiography, magnetic resonance imaging, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, elastography, photo acoustic imaging, tomography, echocardiography, functional near-infrared spectroscopy, and magnetic particle imaging. Technological developments such as multi detector CT scanners are additionally encouraging the adoption of 3D imaging technologies, among physicians and radiologists, to perform accurate diagnosis and timely treatments. 3D imaging with display systems are increasingly being adopted in ophthalmology due to the increasing number of microsurgeries being performed. 3D imaging is also being adopted in robotics, one of the fast-moving applications. It helps in detecting the position of the object in 3D space.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1104
Apart from robotics, 3D imaging systems are targeting multiple applications, including object tracking, product profiling, sheet of light applications, time-of-flight applications, and 3D x-ray imaging. Sheet of light is one of the most used 3D imaging technologies implemented in electronics manufacturing. In this type, there is projection of a laser beam from a camera, which produces the profile of a moving object. As the object continues to move, the camera continues to capture multiple profiles. With the help of these profiles, an object is reconstructed, with a unique profile. Additionally, the security and defense sector is considerably benefitting from 3D imaging, primarily in facial identification, simulation, and target detection. Also, 3D imaging is increasingly being implemented in various other applications, and is opening new possibilities for inspection of applications and various other purposes.
However, increase in the use of 3D sensing technology in gaming applications and surging need for security and surveillance as well as growing demand for the 3D enabled devices in consumer electronics are expected to foster the 3D level sensor over the forecast period. On the other hand, high cost of maintenance and complex process to integrate the devices is expected to be hinder the growth of 3D Sensor Market over the review period 2017-2023.
The global 3D sensor market has valued at USD 980.3 million in 2016 and presumed to grow at approx. USD 5.49 Billion by 2023, at 27.69% CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Key Players
The prominent players in 3D sensor market are – Qualcomm, Inc. (U.S), Cognex Corporation (U.S), Microsoft Corporation (U.S), ASUSTek Computer Inc, (Taiwan), Intel Corporation (U.S), Infineon Technology (Germany), Microchip Technology (Chandler, Arizona), Occipital, Inc. (U.S), LMI Technologies (Canada), PMD Technologies AG (Germany).
Key Findings:
The global 3D sensor market 980.3 million in 2016 and presumed to grow at approx. USD 5.49 Billion by 2023, at 27.69% CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
By technology, stereo vision market is expected to grow at USD 2.142 billion by the end of year 2023 with 25.83% of CAGR from 2017 to 2023
By sensor type, image sensor market is expected to grow at USD 2.57 billion by the end of year 2023 with 31.18% of CAGR from 2017 to 2023.
By application, consumer electronics market is expected to grow at USD 1.20 billion by the end of year 2023 with 24.59% of CAGR from 2017 to 2023
Geographically, North America region has been projected to hold the largest market share in global 3D sensor market followed by Asia Pacific region, while Europe ranks third in the 3D sensor market.
Segments:
The 3D sensor is differentiated into technology, sensors type and application
Technology segment is sub segmented into projected light sensor, stereo-vision, time of flight sensors and ultra sound.
On the basis of sensor type, the 3D sensor segment is sub segmented into acoustic sensor, accelerometer sensor, image sensor and other.
The 3D sensor is further divided based on application. Application includes industrial, automotive, logistic, aerospace and defense, consumer electronics, healthcare and others.
Regional Analysis:
The 3D sensor market is growing with the positive growth in all the regions. Increasing demand for 3D imaging across all the segments and growing need for security and surveillance and advancement in technology is driving the market on global scale. On the basis of region, the market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World.
North America is dominating the global 3D sensor market share this is due presence of large number of 3D sensor providers associated with technical experts. The U.S and Canada are the leading countries in the North American region. Additionally, followed by Asia Pacific which stands as the second biggest in terms of revenue of 3D sensor market. This is attributed to increase in the adoption of 3D sensors across the industrial verticals like gaming, medical and consumer electronics. China, Japan and India are presumed to be the leading regions of Asia Pacific region. Europe stands as third largest of the region due technological advancement in the field of artificial intelligence. Germany, France and U.K are the presumed to be leading regions in the European region.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/3d-sensor-market-1104
Intended Audience:
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
3D sensor providers and distributors
End users of 3D sensors and products
Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)
Product manufacturers and suppliers
Research organizations and consulting companies
Semiconductor and component vendors
Government agencies
List of Tables$
TABLE 1 MARKET FACTOR ANALYSIS
TABLE 2 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 3 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 4 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 5 GLOBAL 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY REGION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 6 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY COUNTRY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 7 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 8 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 9 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 10 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 11 NORTH AMERICA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 12 U.S. 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 13 U.S. 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 14 U.S. 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY APPLICATION (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 15 CANADA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY TECHNOLOGY (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
TABLE 16 CANADA 3D SENSOR MARKET, BY SENSOR TYPE (USD MILLION) (2016-2023)
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
From Texas Standard:
2018 could shape up to be a big year in the fight over partisan and racial gerrymandering. Cases involving redistricting are on the docket in the Supreme Court as well as other federal courts. And if you've ever looked at a map of Texas congressional districts, you know these court decisions will have implications in the Lone Star State.
Is there a better way to draw districts? That's something academics are trying to figure out – with math. This weekend, experts will gather at the University of Texas at Austin to address the challenges of redistricting. One of them is UT Associate Professor of Mathematics Andrew Blumberg, who co-organized the event. They say the workshop provides a forum for professionals to discuss electoral map-making, along with a hackathon where ordinary folks can learn how to use mapping tools.
"At its core, this is not a math problem," Blumberg says. "It's a problem about how people want to organize their political participation."
Blumberg says those who make decisions about electoral maps need to agree on a goal. For example, maps can be proportional – a map that gives each political party seats based on the number of votes it receives – or they could be geographically compact, or of the same physical size.
"The emerging scientific consensus is that you want districts that satisfy some notion of compactness and are compatible with the Voting Rights Act and also aren't too unusual in the space of districts," Blumberg says.
Written by Shelly Brisbin.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero.
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, along with Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman t...
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - The son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend are charged with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in, authorities said Wednesday.
Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who are 19 years old and live together in College Station, were arrested Tuesday on a count of criminal solicitation to commit capital murder, Travis County sheriff's officials said. They remained in jail Wednesday, with Shaughnessy's bond set at a $3 million and Edison's at $1 million. Neither had an attorney listed in online jail records.
According to investigators, Shaughnessy's mother, Corey Shaughnessy, called 911 in the early morning hours of March 2 to report an intruder in the home of them and their husband, Theodore Shaughnessy. Deputies sent to the home found Theodore Shaughnessy dead of multiple gunshot wounds. A family dog was also killed. Authorities say the plot called for Corey Shaughnessy to be killed as well, but they were physically unharmed.
The shooter hasn't been caught, but sheriff's spokesperson Kristen Dark said in a statement that detectives "are following new leads in the case." They declined to elaborate when later reached by phone.
Theodore Shaughnessy was the owner of Gallerie Jewelers in Austin. The company had posted on its Facebook page in late April that, "We are happy to announce that Nicolas, Ted's son, will be carrying on their legacy here at Gallerie."
An obituary for the elder Shaughnessy published in the Austin American-Statesman said they were "a proud father to their son, Nicolas."
In the months before the shooting, Nicolas Shaughnessy approached multiple people asking if they were willing to be paid to kill someone, investigators allege in an arrest affidavit. They estimated that he'd receive some $8 million from the life insurance policies for their parents, from the sale of their home and sale of the jewelry store.
Authorities say they found ammunition in the defendants' home that matched casings found at the crime scene.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO (AP) - Curtis Granderson hit a walk-off homer in the 10th inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 4-3 win over Boston on Tuesday night and hand the Red Sox their season-worst third straight defeat.
Boston (17-5) still owns the best record in the majors.
Granderon's their third home run of the season came off Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel (0-1), a towering solo blast off the facing of the third deck in right field. They went 3 for 5 with three RBIs.
Tyler Clippard (3-0) worked a scoreless 10th for the win.
Blue Jays closer Roberto Osuna was handed a 3-1 lead in the ninth but allowed the Red Sox to tie it, their first blown save in seven chances.
Hanley Ramirez singled to begin the ninth, went to third on a one-out hit by Rafael Devers and scored on Eduardo Nunez's single to right. It was the first run off Osuna this season.
Jackie Bradley Jr. struck out and Nunez stole second before Christian Vazquez walked to load the bases for Brock Holt, who scored Devers with an RBI single to left. Left fielder Granderson threw out Nunez at the plate to prevent Boston from taking the lead.
Blue Jays left-hander J.A. Happ struck out a season-high 10 over seven innings. Happ walked none and allowed four hits and one run in their longest outing of the season.
Boston's Rick Porcello allowed three runs and three hits in seven innings. Porcello walked three, two more than he'd walked in their previous four starts combined, and struck out a season-high nine, including five straight in the third and fourth.
Porcello extended their scoreless innings streak to 14 by pitching around a one-out walk in the first but couldn't escape the second. The Blue Jays put runners at the corners with none out before Kevin Pillar opened the scoring with a fielder's choice grounder, with Steve Pearce coming home ahead of the throw by third baseman Devers.
Three batters later, Granderson hit a two-run single that bounced off Devers' glove and rolled into shallow left field.
Red Sox designated hitter J.D. Martinez went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and is 0 for 11 with eight strikeouts over their past three games.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: SS Xander Bogaerts (left ankle) went 2 for 3 with an RBI in a six-inning stint with Triple-A Pawtucket, and remains on track to rejoin the Red Sox on Friday.
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson (right shoulder) could begin a minor league rehab assignment later this week, manager John Gibbons said. Donaldson has been working out at Toronto's minor league facility in Dunedin, Florida.
SOMBER TRIBUTE
Before the game, the Blue Jays honored the victims of Monday's deadly van attack in Toronto and the first responders who rushed to the scene. Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts as four Toronto police officers and two paramedics stood between second base and the pitcher's mound and were introduced to cheering fans. Following a video message and a moment of silence, a group of high school students sang the national anthems.
Blue Jays pitcher Marco Estrada greeted the first responders as they left the field
A blue banner reading "#TORONTOSTRONG" was hung from the second deck in center field, and similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate. The same message was also printed in white on the back of the mound.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (2-0, 3.45) is 1-3 with a 5.67 ERA in eight career games against Toronto.
Blue Jays: RHP Aaron Sanchez (1-2, 3.86) will face their fourth AL East opponent in five starts when they take the mound Wednesday. Sanchez has faced New York twice and Baltimore once.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global diabetic food market in its latest report titled “Diabetic Food Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2014 – 2020”. The global diabetic food market is expected to amplify at a CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period in terms of value due to various factors, regarding which FMI offers fundamental insights in detail in this report.
On the basis of application, the market has been categorised into dietary beverages, ice cream and jellies, dairy products, and confectioneries and baked goods, among others. Demand for dietary beverages was highest among other products in 2013. The segment accounted for 29.1% of the total market share in 2013 followed by the dairy segment, which stood at the second position with a 24.8% revenue share of the overall diabetic food market in the same year. The ice creams and jellies segment accounted for 18.7% value share of the overall market in 2013, and its share is expected to reach 19.0% by 2020. Both diabetic and non-diabetic consumers are showing interest in diabetic ice creams and jellies with a view to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Request Report Sample@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1076
Consumer Awareness Driving Demand for Diabetic Food
Growth of the global diabetic food market is majorly driven by consumer awareness about health benefits associated with low calorie diabetic food products. Furthermore, rising consumer concern about following healthy eating habits coupled with changing food preference is also stimulating the demand for diabetic foods globally. Moreover, growing number of diabetic patients and other health complications associated with diabetes are playing a crucial part in the growing popularity of this market. Currently, consumers are continuously striving for low calorie food products to avoid diabetes, obesity and high cholesterol levels. Furthermore, several food manufacturers are keen on introducing new food products with low fat content in order to attract health conscious consumers.
Region-wise, North America dominated the diabetic food market with 37.5% market share in 2013 in terms of value, followed by Europe. However, the market share of North America and Europe is expected to reduce by 2020. Both the regions are mature markets for diabetic food in terms of revenue. This is one of the prime reasons behind the anticipated reduction in market share of North America and Europe by 2020. Increasing consumer demand for healthy food is one of the major factors boosting the demand for diabetic food products in Asia Pacific currently.
Key players proiled by FMI in the report include Pepsico Inc., Cadbury Plc., Fifty 50 Foods Inc., The Coca-Cola Company, Nestle S.A., Unilever Plc., Kellogg Co., Mars Incorporated, David Chapman's Ice Cream Limited.
Request For Table Of Content @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1076
These players are focusing on broadening their distribution channels to improve product availability. Production innovation is also a key strategy in this fiercely competitive market, as companies look to consolidate their position
The broadcasting legend believes WA teams will struggle to make the eight this year.
The broadcasting legend believes WA teams will struggle to make the eight this year.
Australian Rules legend Robert Walls has predicted a bleak year for West Coast in the wake of losing experienced players the likes of Matt Priddis and Sam Mitchell - tipping them to take home the wooden spoon this season.
Speaking on Fox Footy's AFL Tonight the Carlton legend, who won three flags as a player and one as a coach, said they believed it would take the Eagles some time to get back into finals contention despite their extra-time win in last year's elimination finals.
Asked for their tip for the team to finish last on the ladder, Walls didn't hesitate.
“I reckon West Coast, they've lost a lot of experienced players,” they said.
“They'll take a couple of years to get themselves up and going again. I think it will be a lean season for the Eagles.”
However, Walls tipped a far more lucrative season for the Eagles' WA rivals.
Selecting their likely top eight for the year, Walls believed Fremantle could be shock finalists in 2018 on the back of a favourable fixture.
The Dockers will play 13 games at Optus Stadium this season, one as the away team in the western derby and one as the away team against Gold Coast in round three after the expansion side was forced to farm out their home games due to a clash with the Commonwealth Games.
Can Freo cause an upset? Picture: Daniel Wilkins
Following Saturday's game against Port Adelaide the Dockers will have only one interstate trip before round seven, with four games out of five at Perth's new stadium.
Four of their final five games of the season are also fixtured at their home ground.
Walls said on the back of that, they expected them to sneak into the top eight.
“A roughie down the bottom there is Fremantle, and one of the reasons for that is that they play 13 games at Perth Stadium, so 13 games at home is a pretty good start to the season,” they said.
Robert Walls' 2018 top eight
GWS
Adelaide
Richmond
Port Adelaide
Geelong
Sydney
Melbourne
Fremantle
BRAZIL, Ind. (WTHI) - The Brazil Police Department reports crews are out of a major water leak on U.S. 40 at the Knightsville flashes.
Scroll for more content...
Officials believe the water will be out for several hours as this was caused by an 18 inch water main line that busted.
Drive slowly in the area as crews are out with equipment and could be in the roadway as they work.
“Google is paying Apple billions of dollars to remain the default search engine on iPhones and iPads, Bernstein said in a note to investors on Monday,” Todd Haselton reports for CNBC.
“The firm believes Google will pay Apple about $3 billion this year, up from $1 billion just three years ago,” Haselton reports. “‘Court documents indicate that Google paid Apple $1B in 2014, and we estimate that total Google payments to Apple in FY 17 may approach $3B,' Bernstein analyst A.M. Sacconaghi Jr. said. ‘Given that Google payments are nearly all profit for Apple, Google alone may account for 5% of Apple's total operating profits this year, and may account for 25% of total company OP growth over the last two years.'”
Haselton reports, “Sacconaghi said that Apple's iOS devices contribute about 50 percent to Google's mobile search revenues.”
Read more in the full article here.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
London, Great Britain – 3 July 2018 – 123 Movies is a movie streaming web site that has been launched with the objective as to offer the people a great film stream service for free. It is now available for the public from the whole globe, unlike Netflix or other streaming sites that are restricting a lot of content from being used from across the globe. In other words, people can watch films for free at no extra charge, from their laptops, mobile phones or even tablets.
At the end of the day, people just want to have some fun and experience a movie or two without wasting hundreds of dollars in the process. What 123movies offers is an experience unlike any other when the user is put in charge and the streaming is getting going just after viewing one ad or two. In this way people don't have to pay a huge monthly subscription that is slowly but surely draining their funds from the credit card. When one thinks about it then several hundred dollars are gone each year on Netflix then why not choose something such as putlocker.
This website has been highly rated among the users that have been using its services. People are saying that the movies are usually presented in the best possible quality, the stream doesn't have any lags or interruptions and you can view a lot of stuff in glorious high definition by default. Yify is the right service for those people that are always active and prefer to have a great movie watch every evening – because it is updated almost daily, then there is a new movie to be see virtually every night. That has been the objective of 12movies right off the bat.
Reviews on the web are a huge help to this site, the thankful users that are getting access to thousands of movies for free are writing positive reviews as to thank the guys that have created the site and also the putlocker for making it happen. In other words, for many it is the only site that is truly worth visiting after a full day of staring at work into the computer display. Many of those who have had access to the yify service for some time are recommending it easily to friends and family so that they can enjoy it too.
Contact:
Company: 123 Movies
Web site: https://www.123moviesuk.to
URL: https://www.123moviesuk.to/putlocker
A new tool puts numbers to what it will take for nations to notice global warming.
The news: Nature reports that a model built at Oxford University predicts how much warming will be required at different points around the globe to cause obvious changes due to climate change—like extreme temperatures or heavy rains.
The findings: In large parts of Africa, India, and South America, climate change will start to bite once average global temperatures rise by 1.5 °C. Mid-latitude regions, meanwhile, won't feel the same impact until the mercury rises by 3 °C.
Why it matters: The nations hit first are also the poorest—and therefore the least able to prepare for the impact of climate change. That's not a new idea, but the analysis provides a way of forecasting where international attention ought to lie.
Call it a noisy way to raise money, but more than 120 riders on 100 motorcycles rode nearly 500 miles across North Carolina over four days in the Third Annual Ride to Clyde and raised a record $55,000 for Baptist Children's Homes of North Carolina (BCH).
Riders from across North Carolina and some from South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia took part in the Christ-focused trek which began at the N.C. Baptist Assembly, Fort Caswell, on Oak Island, then made stops at Camp Duncan for Girls near Aberdeen; Caraway Conference Center near Asheboro; the main BCH campus at Thomasville; a break stop at Fruitland Baptist College at Hendersonville; an overnight stop at Lake Junaluska before the final stop at Broyhill Home at Clyde, May 12.
BSC photo by Mike Creswell
The oldest rider was 84 years old and younger riders rode along with their parents. One girl said it was the longest ride on the Harley-Davidson they had ever made and the first time they had ridden through rain.
The riders, including many Baptist ministers and laypeople, thundered into the Broyhill campus with a police escort and passed cheering children fascinated with the big bikes.
Sat., May 12 Ride to Clyde riders presented an oversized printout of the $55,000 check at Broyhill Home at Clyde. J. Keith Henry, BCH chief operating officer, accepted the check.
Many communities for one mission
Ride to Clyde is not just a ride, but an event, Henry declared as onlookers applauded and cheered. Receiving the check was a high point in the May 12 festivities at Broyhill, which included a barbecue, car show, gospel music, clogging and other events.
This year's total amount raised greatly topped the 2016 total of more than $19,000 and the 2017 total of $32,379.
Jerry and Juene Coffey led all other fundraisers in the Ride to Clyde with a whopping $7,545. The Coffeys joined the ride in 2016 and rode in 2017 Ride to Clyde. Jerry explained, “The Lord gave me and Juene a strong desire for the Ride to Clyde and we worked at it all year.”
But they did not work alone.
Jerry explained that their home church, Chase Baptist Church in Forest City, with just over 100 members, took up the cause as well.
A golf tournament and raffle helped raise part of the money and their Baptist Men group prepared and sold dinners one Sunday after the worship service to help raise the winning amount, Jerry said.
This year Jerry rode their Ultra Classic and Juene rode their Street Glide Classic, both Harley-Davidsons.
Other top fundraisers for the 2018 ride were:
Keith and Jody Austin ($6,373).
Elizabeth Baptist Church, Shelby ($4,500) Pastor Rit Varriale again rode their Ducati motorcycle in this year's Ride to Clyde; they were one of the ride's founders.
River Community Church, Fayetteville ($3,700) Pastor Todd Brady rode their Harley-Davidson this year.
Ben Bonds ($3,369).
Freedom Biker Church, Monroe ($3,326).
More than a ride
Fundraising was just one part of Ride to Clyde; another emphasis was for the men and women riders to learn more about the Baptist Children's Homes they were riding to support. Some of the biggest, burliest and most tattooed riders were seen wiping their eyes as they heard from some of the people the homes minister to.
BSC photo by Mike Creswell
At Camp Duncan for Girls near Aberdeen, a girl told how they suffered at the hands of their drug-abusing mother and how happy they have been to live at Duncan for the past two years.
Girls walked with the riders out through the 700-acre site to show off the primitive campsites where groups of girls live in all kinds of weather, cook over open fires, work and study in the rugged, Christ-centered program.
At Caraway Conference Center riders heard from women who live in Asheboro in one of the nine shelter homes for developmentally handicapped adults operated by BCH.
The group sang two songs and one woman gave their testimony of how faith in Jesus Christ had helped them overcome their disabilities.
At the BCH campus at Thomasville, the bikers parked their motorcycles and let delighted children sit on them and even blow the horns, which they did with great enthusiasm.
During a program at Lake Junaluska, Roberta Edwards, now happily married with three children, told how they suffered during their childhood from their abusive mother before moving to the Broyhill Home. There they found faith in Christ to enable them to break the chain of abuse as they now raise their own children. Edwards said they were even able to forgive their mother before they passed away.
This year the 23 facilities of Baptist Children's Homes in the state will minister to around 33,000 children and family members, BCH President Michael C. Blackwell told the riders during an overnight stay May 10 at Caraway Conference Center near Asheboro.
Many of the Ride to Clyde participants expressed amazement at the many BCH ministries they were learning about for the first time.
Riders Robin and Tammy Ferguson of Candler said they were already making plans to take part in the 2019 Ride to Clyde after visiting the Duncan Camp for Girls. “It's amazing what goes on here. It just blows me away – the program and what the kids do, it's just wow,” they said. It was the first time they had heard about such a ministry. “It has been a good discovery trip. It opened my eyes to a lot of things.”
Only one accident marred the ride. Roger Harris, an experienced rider and member of Wrightsboro Baptist Church, Wilmington, fell on their motorcycle between Asheboro and Caraway Conference Center and was taken by ambulance to a nearby Greensboro hospital for treatment. While their injuries were extensive with broken ribs and a collarbone, they were back at home before the Ride to Clyde was completed.
Rider reports were positive. One rider said when they explained to a man at a gas station what the ride was about, the man spontaneously handed them a $20 contribution. One team was able to pray for a man recovering from a drug addiction.
Most riders expressed satisfaction with the ride, as far as the stops and the routes. Ride to Clyde coordinator Brian Davis, associate executive director-treasurer of the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina, coordinated the ride again. They and BSC staffer John Jones first rode the routes taken this year to find safe and enjoyable ways to get from point to point.
They had to take care of many details known only to motorcyclists, such as providing pucks for motorcycle kickstands to rest on, lest the heavy bikes might fall over from soft soil or even pavement. One Ride to Clyde rider, David Smith originally from Ohio, said they had organized a number of group motorcycle rides over the years and they said the Ride to Clyde was excellent in its planning and preparation.
Visit ncbaptist.org/RidetoClyde.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Durning String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances. Gnome Sweet Gnome!
Owen Williams will make their first competitive start for Gloucester against Premiership league leaders Northampton on Saturday.
Wales international Williams made their first Premiership appearance for the Cherry and Whites as a replacement in the defeat at Sale last Friday after picking up a back injury in pre-season and has been named at fly-half ahead of Billy Burns in one of four changes to the side.
No senior players have returned from injury though for the Cherry and Whites with 13 players listed as unavailable.
Gloucester's other three changes have come in the pack where Jeremy Thrush has dropped to the bench with Tom Savage coming in to partner Ed Slater from the start for the first time this season.
John Afoa returns at tight-head prop in place of Gareth Denman with Jacob Rowan returning to the back row for Freddie Clarke.
Academy utility back Tom Hudson is one player to return from injury and could make their first Premiership appearance for the club after being named on the bench.
The other player no longer on the list of 15 casualties from last week is fellow Academy player Tom Seabrook.
Mark Atkinson, Fraser Balmain, Tom Denton, Gareth Evans, Lloyd Evans, Mariano Galarza, Tom Marshall, Ben Morgan, Ross Moriarty, Matt Scott, Charlie Sharples, Andy Symons and Ollie Thorley are all out.
There is still no place in Gloucester's squad for Australian hooker James Hanson, who joined the club on a short-term deal last month.
England captain Dylan Hartley has returned from a hand injury to lead Northampton with Piers Francis named in their side at inside centre for their competitive debut and a first start for scrum-half Cobus Reinach.
Courtney Lawes, part of the British and Irish Lions squad that toured New Zealand in the summer, has dropped to the bench with Rob Horne (shoulder) and Nic Groom (ankle) not making the trip to Kingsholm.
Gloucester Rugby: J Woodward; H Purdy, H Trinder, B Twelvetrees, D Halaifonua; O Williams, W Heinz (c); V Rapava-Ruskin, R Hibbard, J Afoa; T Savage, E Slater; L Ludlow, J Rowan, R Ackermann
Replacements: M Matu'u, J Hohneck, G Denman, J Thrush, F Clarke, B Vellacott, B Burns, T Hudson.
Northampton: A Tuala, G North, L Burrell, P Francis, T Collins, H Mallinder, C Reinach; A Waller, D Hartley (c), K Brookes, M Paterson, D Ribbans, J Gibson, T Harrison, S Dickinson.
Replacements: M Haywood, F van Wyk, J Ford-Robinson, A Ratuniyarawa, C Lawes, A Mitchell, S Myler, B Foden.
UP Diliman holds a 3-month Festival of Culture and the Arts celebrating the Filipino body
Published 11:51 PM, February 03, 2018
This is a press release from the UP Diliman Information Office.
MANILA, Philippines – The Filipino body – what it is, how it is perceived and shaped by art, culture, and society, and manipulated by social engineering and advertising: these are the themes of Kat(h)awan, the 3-month Festival of Culture and the Arts at UP Diliman.
The festival seeks to understand the Filipino body as a creative realm and a locus of scholarly discourse, taking the cue from sociologist Bryan S. Turner, a professor at Potsdam University in the United Kingdom who has devoted significant attention to the sociology of the body, and Zheng Yangwen, professor of history at the University of Manchester and author of several books on China and Asia.
The festival opens in February with 12 major events comprising performances, conferences, two installation exhibits and film showings, among others.
Ushering in the festival is Taludturan: Poesia ng Katawan, a 4-part public 10-minute performance project including dance, movement, and performance pieces. Drawing from "taludturan," meaning stanza, specifically of a poem, the performances explore the embodiment of the encounter and engagement with beauty, love, desire, revolt, and death.
On February 1, 8, and 15, performances will be staged at 3 pm in the lobbies of Palma Hall, Melchor Hall, Plaridel Hall, and the UP Shopping Center. On February 21 and 22, the performances will be at 1:30 pm at the Asian Center.
The festival formally opens with a celebration of the body in Philippine pop culture in Seremonya ng Pagbubukas: Karanasan ng Kat(h)awan, to be staged on February 9, 6 pm at the UP Lagoon.
Highlighting the experience of the body as an object of pleasure and desire, the ceremony features Rochelle Pangilinan of the SexBomb Girls, the Masculados Dos, Kare Adea, Dzeli del Mundo, and Orlando Orbiana. The program likewise features encounters of the masculine, queer, and feminine gazes popular in songs considered as novelty in Philippine music and a dramatic reading of writer Gilda Cordero-Fernando's works.
(Com)modified Bodies in the Philippines, an installation exhibit on the commodification of the body and body technologies, opens at the Asian Center on February 13 at 2:30 pm.
Composed of 5 galleries and a floor plan resembling a maze, the exhibit traces the history of "the beautiful" in the Philippines, the mundane rituals of everyday life, the body modifications in the country and documentary films on body technologies.
The exhibit is free and open to the public and runs until February 28.
A symposium on The Chemical Youth project follows at 3:30 pm at the Asian Center, where findings of the research collaboration between the UPD Department of Anthropology and the University of Amsterdam on body sites and body technologies will be revealed. The ethnographic study was conducted in Batangas, Puerto Princesa, Palawan, Batanes, and Cagayan de Oro.
Following the conference is a preview of the documentary "Sweet Medicine." Filmed by a local camera crew in Palawan, Philippines, it follows the lives of people involved in a multi-level marketing company selling a popular herbal medicine. According to the University of Amsterdam website, the film was produced by Anita Hardon and directed by Juul Op den Kamp and is a cinematic translation of Hardon's fieldwork in Palawan as part of their Chemical Youth project.
Ang Dalagita'y 'sang Bagay na Di-Buo opens at the Wilfrido Maria Guerrero Theater on February 21.
Staged by Dulaang UP, the play is an adaptation of Eimear McBride's novel "A Girl is a Half Formed Thing." Translated by Rody Vera and directed by José Estrella, the play is based on Annie Ryan's stage adaptation of the acclaimed novel and tells of the tragic life of a Girl, who has been repeatedly abused by their uncle, who loses their brother, grapples with the wicked religiosity of their mother and increasingly finds themselves with no options left.
The play runs until March 11 with show times at 7 pm from Wednesday to Friday and at 10 am and 3 pm on Saturday and Sunday.
The International Federation for Theatre Research Conference will be held from February 21 to 23 at the GT Toyota Auditorium.
With the theme Bodies in/and Asian Theatres, the conference attempts to answer the general questions: what do we mean when we talk about bodies in Asian theatres and performances? What do we mean when we talk about Asian bodies in different performances outside the region? How does theater affect the way we think about the bodies of Asians?
Conference speakers include academics from the University of California Berkeley, Kyoto University, University of Californa Santa Cruz, University of Melbourne, Osaka University, National University of Singapore, De La Salle University, and UP. Also featured are National Artist for Dance Alice Reyes, and representatives from the Asian Dramaturgy Network and Performance Network Philippines.
The event is organized by the Asian Theatre Working Group, International Federation for Theatre Research and various UPD units.
The first staging of Exemplars: Amada and other Dances by Ballet Philippines at UP Diliman will be at 7 pm on Feb. 23 at the University Theater.
Amada is based on the short story "Summer Solstice," also known as "Tatarin," by National Artist for Literature Nick Joaquin. Set in Catholic, Hispanic 19th century Manila, traditional male dominance is shaken by the Tatarin, a native festival where women suddenly reign supreme, shattering the established Hispanic molds and patterns.
Admission to the ballet is free but control tickets will be issued.
To celebrate Women and Gender Month in March, 3 events have been lined up.
The first is a film festival comprising works of acclaimed Filipino film directors on women in Katawan sa Pinilakang Tabing. Himigsikan, the weekend open air concerts at the Carillon Plaza, will also be staged, along with Lawas: Site-Specific Installation Exhibit, featuring renowned visual artists.
Closing the festival in April is the Pambansang Kumperensiya ng Epikong Bayan. Organized in collaboration with Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino and the National Commission in Culture and the Arts, the conference will be held from April 24 to 26 at the NISMED Auditorium in celebration of National Literature Month.
The conference has the theme "Tradisyon, Lipunan, Inobasyon" and seeks to showcase the historical narrative and importance of epics in relation to the formation of national consciousness.
It also aims to foster critical thinking on the nature of epics in the country. Details of the March and April events will be announced later.
For tickets and other inquiries, please call or email the Office for Initiatives in Culture and the Arts (OICA) at 981-8500 loc. 2659 or upd.oica@gmail.com. – Rappler.com
Hi I'm Pierrick Picaut!
I'm a 3D freelancer working mainly with blender on video productions, industrial design and I'm also a Blender Foundation certified trainer. I graduated in graphic design more than a decade ago and came to 3D like 5 or 6 years ago. I'm currently working on a new commercial video and as a character rigger and animator for a video game.
This piece was done as a training purpose to set better workflow before preparing a new character creation/animation course. I love creature box design as they have strong style and lines that are easy to translate into 3D. I've done a first piece several months ago which received quite a nice interest from the community.
For the Whale-Creature model, I focused on using mainly Blender for the whole workflow. I've started with dynamic topology sculpting which allow you to generate geometry on the fly as would ZBrush dynamesh. One of the benefit of blender is that you can have heterogeneous mesh density while using this tool and it updates on the fly. I've sculpted body and limbs separately to help me to reach occluded areas of the model like the inside of the arms and legs.
Once I was happy with the base sculpt, I go over retopology using face snapping tool. I didn't go for a very accurate topology as the model wasn't done for animation. Once done, I combine the multi-resolution modifier with a shrink wrap modifier to source the details from the dyntopo sculpt. I then do some sculpting refinement and start adding details like the nails, teeth and small shells.
For the rope creation, I've created a rope section that was able to merge when combined with an array modifier (allowing you to create multiple copies of the mesh along any axis) and combines it with a curve deformation modifier to wrap it around the character.
For the spear modeling, I've directly box modeled it and then go into some multi-resolution sculpting.
Once done I've unwrapped the character and items trying to put them on the same UVmap to avoid having a thousand texture maps to deal with later on as I was planning to upload it to Sketchfab and have a try on the new blender Eevee real time PBR engine.
I've painted a very simple colour map and then combined it with baked ambient occlusion and curvature map. I've also painted a roughness map and a subsurface scattering scale map.
All maps were edited and combine in blender using cycles node editor.
I've then set a simple lighting setup using an HDRi map and few emission planes for rim lighting and go for a pair of cycles renders that I've post processed in photoshop combining AO, beauty pass and some colour pass.
Once done with this I've given Eevee a try with a downloaded WIP build of Blender 2.80
It's pretty close to a sketchfab editing so I wasn't totally lost even if the UI is quite different from the current Blender official releases.
I've exported a short turn table that can be seen in my making of video.
I finally setup a Sketchfab export and edited the Sketchfab model as I would do using environmental lighting and using additional lamps to create rim lighting.
Beyond being an incredible tool to showcase models, Sketchfab really got me to understand PBR workflow. It's becoming an universal process and unifies engines workflow.
Sketchfab the latest updates are also just awesome and I just fell in love with the Lily & Snout project. It makes you feel like a young child again! And this what I do this job, keeping a young state of mind when watching 3D art.
You can contact me at my email and go grab some free tutorials on my website or go for a full course on my Gumroad page or on the Blender Market. I'm also on Artstation and Behance.
Children wait as people board Syrian Red Crescent buses evacuating humanitarian cases from Douma, Eastern Ghouta, on the eastern outskirts of the capital Damascus, on Monday (AFP photo)
DAMASCUS/BEIRUT — Some rebels in Eastern Ghouta may soon agree to withdraw from the opposition enclave or accept rule by the Syrian state after big advances by the army into the area, a Syrian government minister said on Monday.
Syrian government forces have splintered Eastern Ghouta into three separate zones in a month-long assault to crush the last major opposition stronghold near Damascus, confronting the rebels with their biggest defeat since 2016.
Damascus and its Russian allies are offering rebels in Eastern Ghouta similar terms to those offered in other parts of the country that have been recaptured: safe passage out for those who agree to surrender territory, or a reconciliation agreement for those who wish to stay under government rule.
The government offensive has been one of the deadliest of the war, killing more than 1,400 people in Eastern Ghouta since last month, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Tens of thousands of people have fled rebel-held areas into territory controlled by the government since Thursday.
Ali Haidar, the Syrian minister responsible for national reconciliation, told Reuters in an interview that rebels in an enclave centred around the town of Harasta — one of three rebel pockets in Eastern Ghouta — may be ready to cut a deal.
They said the army had captured more than 80 per cent of the area once held by rebels, but the pace of advances may slow as the troops reach more densely populated areas and they try to avoid civilian casualties.
“There will be possibility for greater discussion in the matter of reconciliations in these areas to safeguard civilians and therefore the pace that we saw may slow a bit,” Haidar said.
With the sound of warplanes in the background, Haidar said there were contacts with rebels and “to a certain extent there are acceptable results in part of the file”.
“There may be an accomplishment in Harasta in the coming period. I don't commit to specific timeframes because the matter is linked to the militants accepting departure or settling their situation [with the authorities] and the army entering the area,” Haidar said.
Rebels in Eastern Ghouta have publicly ruled out the kind of negotiated withdrawal that helped Assad recover Aleppo, Homs and other areas, though figures close to rebels have said indirect talks have been under way to secure such an agreement.
The opposition accuses Assad of moving their opponents out of Syria's main towns and cities to the border with Turkey in what it calls a systematic policy of “demographic change”.
Before the exodus from Ghouta, the United Nations estimated that some 400,000 people were living in Eastern Ghouta, an expanse of farmland and towns that rebels have used to shell the capital during the conflict now in its eighth year.
Assad visited soldiers fighting on the frontline on Sunday.
A video released overnight showed them in their car driving from central Damascus to Eastern Ghouta, and discussing the war on their way, a sign of their confident position in the war now entering its eighth year.
“The road is open... everything is running now in the city and in Syria,” they said in the video, describing a road that had previously been cut by sniper fire and saying it was now easier to travel around the country.
Assad was shown in sunglasses at the wheel of their Honda car, speaking about the government's increasing strength as peaceful scenery behind them gave way to battle-scarred concrete.
State TV broadcast from the outskirts of the town of Hazza where it said militant positions were being targeted. The sound of explosions could be heard. A big plume of smoke was seen in a separate broadcast from the outskirts of Arbin.
ICRC sees'positve' Russian role
The Russian defence ministry said more than 6,000 people had left Eastern Ghouta since Monday morning. Haidar said the total was now over 50,000. The people were in three shelters set up by the government and at other locations, they said.
Haidar said the people who left Eastern Ghouta would return as soon as possible.
The United Nations estimated that as of Sunday around 25,000 people had left Eastern Ghouta, and conditions for those still inside the besieged enclave remained “dire”. Many people are sheltering government bombardment in basements.
The New York-based Human Rights Watch said on Sunday that with Russia's continued support, the Syrian government was using unlawful tactics in the Eastern Ghouta assault, including what appears to be the use of internationally banned weapons.
Peter Maurer, president of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), who visited Syria last week, said they had spoken to the Russian general in charge of the evacuation process and praised “a positive contribution” by Russia.
“There is no question that the Russians do play a very important role in bringing the belligerents on both sides of the front line together and to create safe space and an environment in which safe evacuations can take place,” they told a group of reporters in Geneva.
“In other parts of Eastern Ghouta, evacuations have happened more chaotically because it has happened just in the wake and as a consequence of the moving of front lines, and you have seen more destruction, more irregular types of population movements, evacuations which were obviously difficult to control.”
Scientists working off the coast of Namibia filmed a video of two killer whales attacking a dolphin, Daily Mail writes.
It is reported that the researchers were studying the consequences of an oil spill when they saw the two predators chasing the dolphin. The video shows one of the killer whales appearing on the surface, holding the dolphin in its mouth before diving into the water.
READ MORE: ‘Ignorant and Selfish' Tourists Kill Young Dolphin by Taking Selfies (PHOTOS)
According to Simon Elven, one of the researchers, the next day the gnawed remains of the Heaviside dolphin were discovered.
Elven said that during their 20 year career working with marine animals, they have never seen such disfigured bodies.
WARNING: The following video is graphic and may not be suitable for all viewers
Sea Shepherd Australia has thrown its support behind the campaign to stop an oil and gas pipe building facility from being built in the Exmouth Gulf.
Sea Shepherd Exmouth coordinator Grace Keast said the gulf's value to the region and eco-tourism would be put at risk by the development.
“The Exmouth Gulf has strong ecological linkages to the Ningaloo Reef, with its mangrove and shallow water habitats providing nurseries and foraging ground for many species,” they said.
“If Subsea 7 gets approval, a whole swathe of the Gulf shore could be opened up to the oil and gas industry.”
A biographical film featuring Captain Paul Watson, the youngest founding member of Greenpeace Canada. The West Australian Video A biographical film featuring Captain Paul Watson, the youngest founding member of Greenpeace Canada.
The Environmental Protection Authority has approved the environmental scoping document, and Subsea 7 is due to submit a first draft environmental review in October.
The proposal would see an onshore pipeline fabrication facility built at Heron Point about 35km south of Exmouth.
Country singer RaeLynn now has their own bold sense of style and is the face of Too Faced's new makeup collection, but growing up they looked to stars like their friend Gwen Stefani for style inspiration.
“This is really funny. Growing up, I was obsessed with the Harajuku Girls brand, so the first time I met Gwen I told them ‘I don't wanna make you feel old or anything, but the first thing I bought was your shoes!'” the Voice alum, 23, told PEOPLE exclusively at a launch party for Too Faced's “Life's a Festival — Peace, Love and Unicorns” makeup collection.
“The shoes went up to the middle of my calf because I was so short,” says RaeLynn, whose 2016 wedding was attended by their Voice coach Blake Shelton and Stefani. “I said ‘If you would've told myself you would be at my wedding, I would've said “You're crazy!”‘ I loved their style growing up … how funky they are and how they can wear just anything.”
The star's new song “Festival” was inspired by Too Faced's latest collection, which includes colorful eye shadows, “unicorn tears” bronzer, “rainbow strobe” highlighter, “unicorn horn” highlighting sticks and more.
“It really is a physical manifestation of this beautiful person,” says Too Faced co-founder Jerrod Blandino of the collection. “She's incredibly talented and has the best heart. She's modern, she's young, she's bright. I wanted to create something that celebrates that idea.”
Jerrod Blandino and RaeLynn Katie Kauss
Whether she's dressed up in a cocktail dress or casual in a T-shirt, “I wear my festival palette every day,” says RaeLynn, who heads out later this month on Country Music Television's Next Women of Country tour. “The way it looks on your skin is so beautiful, and you shouldn't be intimidated by the colors. They totally work with every day life and are super light.”
Growing up, the singer played with “kid makeup” until they bought their first real palette — Too Faced's “Glamour Revolution” palette — when they were 13 years old.
RELATED VIDEO: RaeLynn Dishes on the Most Important Thing They Learned From Blake Shelton
“My mom only let me wear a little bit of makeup at a time because I was so young. They were like, ‘You need to keep that baby face!' said RaeLynn, whose recent album WildHorse hit No. 1 on Billboard‘s Country Albums chart.
Now, “I might have a fresh-faced look one day and another I might look like a unicorn. I want to show you can do both,” they say of their style. “That's what I love about being an artist is not just being creative in music but also in the way I present myself in my appearance.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl's attorneys presented a motion to a military judge Monday morning arguing that President Trump's comments about Bergdahl on the campaign trail have violated their due process rights.
Bergdahl appeared before a military judge Monday in Fort Bragg, North Carolina for a pretrial hearing, WBTV reported.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Bergdahl faces desertion charges for endangering their fellow soldiers who went to search for them after they allegedly left their post in Afghanistan in 2009.
Taliban fighters captured them within hours and held them captive for five years until the Obama administration swapped five Guantanamo Bay-detained Taliban prisoners for their release.
The hearing focused on Trump's negative comments on the campaign trail about Bergdahl.
Trump made over 60 negative statements about Bergdahl while on the campaign trail, calling them a “dirty rotten traitor” among other things, Stars and Stripes reported.
Trump also claimed that Bergdahl should be executed or sent back to their Taliban captors. Trump's last statement about Bergdahl was in August, the Daily Caller reported.
Bergdahl's attorneys said the comments would prevent Bergdahl from receiving a fair trial.
“There can be no doubt about what President Trump thinks of Sgt. Bergdahl,” Bergdahl's lead attorney, Eugene Fidell, wrote in a court filing concerning the motion. “In a democratic society, it is a core premise that statements made by those who seek elective office must be taken seriously, especially when those statements are made repeatedly.”
Army Maj. Justin Oshana, the military's lead prosecutor, said Trump's comments were campaigned rhetoric meant to criticize then-President Obama.
“Any observer would be aware of Mr. Trump's status at the time that they made the statements, and of the fact that they did not have any position within the government or the military,” Oshana wrote.
Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the Army judge in the court-martial proceedings, appeared to share the concerns of Bergdahl's attorneys, calling Trump's comments “disturbing material” and a potential “black eye” on the military justice system, the San Antonio Express-News reported.
Bergdahl's trial is expected to start in April.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is moving to rescind Obama-era guidance that encouraged schools to take a person's race into account to encourage diversity in admissions, an administration official said Tuesday.
Scroll for more content...
The shift would give schools and universities the federal government's blessing to take a race-neutral approach to the students they consider for admission.
A formal announcement was expected later Tuesday from the Justice and Education departments, according to the official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the plan had not yet been disclosed.
The Wall Street Journal first reported the move.
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW
With Independence Day currently in full swing, NFL player Jason Pierre-Paul is hoping to remind others about the importance of fireworks safety by revealing pictures of the gruesome they experienced three years ago.
On July 4, 2015, Pierre-Paul — who was then a defensive end on the New York Giants — almost blew off their right hand while handling fireworks.
The injury left their hand completely disfigured and led to their index figure being amputated. In the three years since then, Pierre-Paul has worked to remind families to be extra cautious while handling fireworks when Independence Day rolls around.
This year, the NFL player, who is now a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after returning to the game despite their injury, upped the ante by posting a collection of never-before-seen pictures to Instagram that show their mangled hand in the first few days after the incident.
The photographs show bandages wrapped around what's left of Pierre-Paul's right fingers as other medical instruments keep their charred skin attached over their exposed body tissue.
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW
“It's been [three years] since my accident and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life,” the 29-year-old athlete wrote in the caption of their Instagram post, uploaded on July 3. “Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye.”
While the Fourth of July is a day of celebration for the entire country, someone will undoubtedly suffer a serious injury while playing with fireworks, Pierre-Paul reminded.
RELATED ARTICLE: How to Stay Safe While Setting Off Fireworks This July 4th
“One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks. Unfortunately, tomorrow someone will be injured playing with fireworks,” they wrote. “We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation. I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me.”
While Pierre-Paul has been able to recover from the incident, they hope to spare others the pain they experienced.
“Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers,” they wrote. “Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.”
Jason Pierre-Paul Cliff Welch/Icon Sportswire/Getty Images
RELATED: Joey Chestnut Wins the 2018 Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest After Downing 74 Franks and Buns
The pictures have gone viral, garnering more than 32,000 likes and hundreds of comments on the social media platform.
According to the National Fire Protection Association, thousands around the country, most often children and teens, are injured while celebrating the July 4 holiday. Emergency rooms treated almost 13,000 people for fireworks-related injuries just last year. The association recommends people refrain from using consumer fireworks and instead attend shows put on by professionals. If there are consumer fireworks around, they advise keeping a close watch on children, who typically account for one-third of injuries.
The heart is a scary thing in Uma Thurman‘s new series: The Oscar nominee — who currently recurs on Bravo's Imposters — will co-star in Netflix's supernatural drama Chambers, our sister site Deadline reports.
The show centers on a young heart attack survivor who starts taking on their deceased heart donor's characteristics, some of which are troublingly sinister. Thurman will play the donor's mother, who forms a hesitant relationship with the young recipient only to find out that their daughter may not be as dead as they thought.
While Thurman is best known for their work in movies like Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill, they have also appeared on the small screen in series such as Smash and The Slap.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* TLC has renewed the Trading Spaces revival for Season 2. The show's tenth season overall will premiere in early 2019.
* The Showtime animated comedy Our Cartoon President will return with new episodes on Sunday, July 15 at 10:30/9:30c.
* The thriller Next of Kin, starring Archie Panjabi (The Good Wife) and Jack Davenport (Smash), will debut on the streaming service Sundance Now on Thursday, June 21. The series follows a general practitioner (Panjabi) who is drawn into a tangle of betrayal, conspiracy and murder after their brother is brutally killed.
* Netflix has renewed the Danish thriller The Rain for Season 2, to premiere in 2019, our sister site Variety reports.
* The 72nd Annual Tony Awards — airing Sunday, June 10 at 8 pm ET/PT on CBS — have tapped the following presenters: Uzo Aduba, Matt Bomer, Claire Danes, Armie Hammer, Tatiana Maslany, Leslie Odom Jr., Jim Parsons and Zachary Quinto.
Which of today's TVLine Items piques your interest?
Josh Frydenberg will gain some insight into the Trump administration's approach to climate change and energy during a visit to the United States.
The energy minister is facing criticism from within the Liberal-National coalition over Australia's commitment to the Paris climate agreement.
Former prime minister Tony Abbott, who signed the agreement, now says Australia should back away from its target like the US did under Donald Trump.
Recent reports point to the US, under Mr Trump's policies, not even coming halfway to its Paris emission cut targets.
Mr Frydenberg will meet with White House officials, the chairperson of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the Environmental Protection Agency administrator.
He'll also deliver a speech in Washington DC on the Australia-US relationship and Australia's environment and energy reform agenda.
Ahead of the trip, Mr Frydenberg will deliver an address to the International Energy Agency and meet executive director Fatih Birol to discuss the government's proposed energy security assessments.
Also in Paris, he'll meet with the UNESCO chief to discuss the Great Barrier Reef.
Talks with energy executives and investment funds will be on the agenda in New York.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australia plays by global rules and sticks by any agreements it signs.
“Modern medicine pushes forward thanks to the efforts of doctors and scientists who develop new tools, techniques, and methods for diagnosing and treating ailments, but what happens when the tools become smarter than the humans?” Mike Wehner reports for BGR. “A new algorithm for detecting skin cancers might provide the answer to that question, as it just demonstrated it can outperform human doctors in spotting malignant melanomas.”
“In a new study published in the journal Annals of Oncology, a team of scientists asked trained dermatologists to face off against a neural network to see which one provided accurate diagnoses more often,” Wehner reports. “Spoiler: The humans didn't win.”
“The numbers are quite stunning: 87 percent of melanomas were accurately diagnosed by the human doctors the first time around, and that number improved to 89 percent during the second round of examination,” Wehner reports. “The AI, on the other hand, nailed 95 percent of malignant growths.”
Read more in the full article here.
The parental control software market is expected to increase from US$ 90.9 Mn in 2018 to US$ 223.1 Mn by 2028, expanding at a CAGR of 9.4% in terms of revenue during the forecast period (2018-2028). In a new report by Future Market Insights, the parental control software market is tracked in terms of value and is calibrated to obtain the market revenue estimates. With an increase in technological advancements, the demand for Internet-enabled devices has increased from children and young consumers. Adoption of Internet-enabled devices such as smartphones, tablets, Macs, and TVs has increased among children and youngsters for various purposes such as for online gaming, live streaming, communicating with friends, audio, video, and also surfing explicit websites.
Request Sample Report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4111
However, the lack of awareness of parental control software and solutions and low computer literacy are the major challenges that threaten to restrict revenue growth of the parental control software market.
The safety and security of children from online threats is a major concern of parents around the world. By installing a suite of parental control software in computing devices, parents can monitor their children's activities related to personal information, such as phone numbers, addresses, and passwords. To secure children and teenagers from online predators, parents around the globe are increasingly using parental control software, which help in protecting personal information, restricting and blocking harmful content, and also help in tracking the location of children.
Parental Control Software Market: Segmentation & Analysis
To understand and assess the demand and opportunities in the parental control software market, the report is categorically split into three major sections, namely, market analysis by deployment, by platform, and by region.
The section – market analysis by deployment, comprehensively analyses the parental control software market on the basis of on-premises and cloud in terms of value for 2018-2028. In 2017, the cloud segment dominated the parental control software market, followed by the on-premises segment. Moreover, the cloud segment is projected to expand at the fastest CAGR of 10.1% over the forecast period in the parental control software market in terms of revenue, followed by the on-premises segment.
The section – market analysis by platform, analyses the parental control software market by different platforms, and data is provided in terms of value for 2018-2028. The Android segment is expected to expand at a significant CAGR of 9.8% in terms of value during the forecast period. In terms of market share, the Android segment also accounted for a major percentage of the revenue share of the overall parental control software market in 2017, and is expected to dominate the parental control software market throughout the forecast years, followed by the iOS and Windows segments.
Request TOC@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-4111
The section – market analysis by region, includes an in-depth country level analysis of all global regions, namely North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, SEA & Others of APAC, China, Japan, and Middle East & Africa, by deployment, platform, and countries; and provides market data in terms of value for 2018-2028 for the parental control software market. In 2017, the parental control software market in North America dominated the global parental control software market, followed by the market in SEA & Others of APAC.
Parental Control Software Market: Top Companies
Key players reported in this study on the global parental control software market are Norton (Symantec Corporation), Kaspersky Lab, Qustodio LLC, Mobicip, LLC, uKnow.com, Salfeld Computer GmbH, FamilyTime, SafeDNS, Inc, mSpy, Bitdefender, Content Watch Holdings, Inc., TeenSafe Inc., and Bark.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote "Hahahaha love this" in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says they received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: "Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways."
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a "good man who made a stupid comment."
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: "There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer."
An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder and other counts over the crash.
Famed Bollywood singer Sonu Nigam has landed in a fresh controversy for their tweets from today morning. The Kal Ho Na Ho singer, made headlines today thanks to their Twitter rant against Muslim religion and their religious practice of Azaan (morning prayer).
The singer took everyone by surprise with their hateful tweets against the community. Apparently, the actor was miffed with the loudspeaker used during the morning hours for Azaan by mosques. They complained of losing sleep over the same.
Nigam tweeted the following this morning:
God bless everyone. I'm not a Muslim and I have to be woken up by the Azaan in the morning. When will this forced religiousness end in India — Sonu Nigam (@sonunigam) April 16, 2017
And by the way Mohammed did not have electricity when they made Islam.. Why do I have to have this cacophony after Edison? — Sonu Nigam (@sonunigam) April 17, 2017
I don't believe in any temple or gurudwara using electricity To wake up people who don't follow the religion . Why then..? Honest? True? — Sonu Nigam (@sonunigam) April 17, 2017
Gundagardi hai bus… — Sonu Nigam (@sonunigam) April 17, 2017
What was shocking that, Sonu didn't stop at being woken up thanks to the Azaan. They further mentioned that Prophet Mohammad did not have electricity to use speakers during old times and called it cacophony in recent times.
After posting their hateful views over social media, the singer faced a severe backlash from their fans and other Twitter users.
The singer was bashed for their views and in no time started trending over Twitter, which called for even more flak from the users.
Previously, Sonu had landed in a controversy thanks to their political stance and that had led to Zee Music Company banning the singer.
Sonu was last seen as judge on Indian Idol season 9. After returning on the show, almost post 12 years, the singer had said, “I have been a part of different shows, but one of the reasons I am coming back to ‘Indian Idol' is my co-judges and friends – Farah Khan and Anu Malik. We understand each other's point of view and can bring out the best talent. In addition, I started judging new talent from ‘Indian Idol'. Therefore, this is a special show for me.”
Sonu also collaborated with Sachin Tendulkar recently, for the iconic cricketer's debut track ‘Cricket waali beat‘. Talking about Tendulkar's singing talents, they said, “He is a very good singer. We did not use pitch corrector on their voice as they were singing in the right sur (tone) and (despite being) the shy person that they are, they got extremely comfortable the moment I kind of increased the masti (fun) quotient while we were shooting the video. It was wonderful and I am very happy that people are loving the song.”
Yes, Harper — wearing shoes with “Pray for Las Vegas” written on the side following the recent mass shooting in their hometown — did single in the first inning, but was 0 for 3 in their other at-bats as they try to regain their timing after returning recently from a long injury layoff. Rendon, Zimmerman, Daniel Murphy, Trea Turner and Jayson Werth were a combined 0 for 17 with three walks.
IRVING – A registered sex offender who is accused of making lewd comments to young girls has been arrested by Irving Police.
Kenneth Dewayne Roblez was seen on a Grapevine Target's surveillance video where they were believed to have approached a 9-year-old girl and made comments to a mother of an 11-year-old about sexual conduct.
The 38-year-old was arrested in the 3500 block of North Beltline Road for an outstanding warrant on Friday afternoon.
Police identified Roblez from a Grapevine police bulletin.
Super Safarova! @luciesafarova upsets No.32 seed Radwanska 7-5, 6-4 to punch their ticket into the @Wimbledon third round --> https://t.co/9DKgHXuuj7 pic.twitter.com/Vg9ZgZfyA8
–
PARIS (Sputnik)French President Francois Hollande has ordered to submit measures on protection against cyberattacks before the upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections, the Elysee Palace said in a statement after a meeting of the country's security council.
"The president requested that specific measures of security and protection, including from cyberattacks, in connection with the election campaign be submitted by the next meeting of the council," the statement said.
After high school, the twins shifted their priorities to focus on forging an independent music career that led to successful songs like "Walking with a Ghost" and "Back in Your Head" in the mid-2000s.
It wasn't until years later, after the election of former U.S. president Barack Obama, that Quin believes they were "re-invigorated around queer politics." They saw awareness of LGBTQ rights in the mainstream dominated almost entirely by the conversation over marriage equality in the United States.
"I worried that once that was secured no one would pay attention to all the other issues — and that's exactly what happened," they said.
Producing a mainstream pop album offered the sisters an opportunity to use the platform as a bullhorn for queer issues and LGBTQ causes that didn't have as flashy of a narrative as marriage.
While their identities didn't play an overt role in lush pop hits like 2013's "Closer" and "I Was a Fool," suddenly they were thrust into the conversation about queer identity — an opportunity they took on wholeheartedly.
"We can't judge everyone else for letting go of the fight, we have to keep promoting the fight," Quin said.
"It's not a phase, it's just part of my life."
After U.S. President Donald Trump was elected in 2016, they created the Tegan and Sara Foundation to raise money for various LGBTQ issues and organizations. Right now, they're focused on gathering donations to help send 100 kids to LGBTQ summer camps in the U.S. and Canada.
But despite the duo's activism, they've yet to write any songs with an overt political bent — whether it's about Trump or Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"I'm not envious of people putting out albums right now because there is such a desire to be political," Quin said.
"I don't feel like writing political music because my life is so political. Music is where I go to retreat, not to go deeper into the hellhole I see around me all the time."
While Tegan and Sara have plenty of opinions about Trump, some which they shared when they launched the LGBTQ foundation, Quin said they believe too much attention is being dedicated to blaming the president for bigger social problems.
"To me it's not really about them — it's about humanity and what they bring out," they said.
These days, Quin and their sister are feeling nostalgic for another time. They're working on a memoir that will reflect on memories of growing up in the 1990s, before they embarked on serious music careers.
"Our childhood wasn't always easy," Quin said, "but there was something extremely cool about the time we came up in — the music, culture and specifically the group of people we were involved with."
They hope to pair the book with a podcast that incorporates music — though it won't be new songs from Tegan and Sara, Quin promises.
The sisters are on a songwriting break, at least for now, they added.
The hope is that'll give them both enough time to focus on charity work as they plow into uncharted territory for LGBTQ musicians.
"I love our career," they said. "We are in our own lane."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
1 of 6 View Captions
(Courtesy of Mark Hill/The CW) Elizabeth Gillies as Fallon and James Mackay as Steven in “Dynasty.” (Courtesy of Marc Hom/The CW) Elizabeth Gillies as Fallon Carrington, Nathalie Kelley as Cristal Flores, Grant Show as Blake ... (Art Streiber/The CW) Robert Christopher Riley as Michael Culhane, Alan Dale as Joseph Anders, Nathalie Kelley as Cristal Flo... (Courtesy of Christopher Fragapane/The CW) Elizabeth Gillies as Fallon Carrington, Grant Show as Blake Carrington and Nathali... (Courtesy of Bob Mahoney/The CW) Rafael De La Fuente as Sammy Jo and James Mackay as Steven in “Dynasty.” (Courtesy of Mark Hill/The CW) Fallon (Elizabeth Gillies) and Cristal (Nathalie Kelley) kick off the first catfight of the “D...
The inefficiencies of medical research are issues that plague the entire industry and delay the launch of much life changing natural and pharmaceutical drugs.
We at Biogetica are therefore glad to have partnered with Research Needs for our upcoming clinical trials and research projects. We do believe that this partnership will yield breakthrough discoveries in the world of full spectrum natural medicine and help us and other physicians worldwide serve their patients in the best manner possible. Today, physicians and patients alike are looking for safer, natural alternatives for the long term management, treatment and cure of chronic diseases. This partnership between Biogetica and Research Needs will approach multiple disciplines of natural medicine with a system agnostic evidence based approach, rarely seen in medicine.
Dr Kamat the Medical Director of Biogetica said: “To us and to our patients it does not matter which system of healing the medicine comes from. What matters is that it works and does so with minimal side effects. The partnership therefore will look for and evaluate plant medicine from every culture and then present ways of combining them, which was not logistically possible before. And, Research Needs will help us validate the effects of our unique and multidisciplinary protocols. ”
The immediate plan for 2018 is to launch clinical trials and observational studies for HPV, Herpes, Trigeminal Neuralgia, Vertigo, Tinnitus, and Cataract.
Biogetica's full spectrum approach of combining the latest nutraceuticals with herbs and resonance homeopathies is gaining momentum worldwide. Published research also shows results that are beyond the best seen in any medical system alone.
Dr Chethan (Director, Research Needs) said “Biogetica's sky rocketing growth is evidence of the changing tides in medicine. Today it is believed the 20% of pharmaceutical spend goes to the wellness industry but the industry itself is disorganized and not necessarily scientific in its methods. Biogetica is one of the pioneer firms in this industry that has adopted an evidence based approach to natural medicine and we are glad to be partnering with them for their research needs. It is our collective vision to give ancient sciences and nature's medicines the importance they deserve.”
To get more information about Herpes Cure, visit our website – www.biogetica.com
RYAN DELANEY'S IMPRESSIVE performances during the second-half of last season have been rewarded with an extended contract at Rochdale, as the Irish defender commits their long-term future to the League One club.
Wexford native Delaney joined Rochdale last December and featured 21 times during the 2017/18 campaign as Keith Hill's side narrowly avoided relegation from the third tier on the final day of the season.
The 21-year-old had been on loan at Cork City for the 2017 League of Ireland campaign, becoming a key member of John Caulfield's side as they achieved a league and cup double.
Delaney's outstanding performances for Cork earned them a place in the PFAI Team of the Year, before they returned to England to join Rochdale from Burton Albion, where they struggled to make the breakthrough.
An Ireland U21 international, Delaney impressed for Rochdale last term and having initially signed a two-and-a-half year deal with the club, is now contracted at Spotland Stadium until 2021.
“The manager has shown faith in me, so hopefully now I can prove it and give something back to him,” they said.
“Over the last six months I think the Gaffer and the coaching staff have helped me to improve a lot. Hopefully now in the following years I can keep on improving.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Guangzhou International Refrigeration, Air-condition, Ventilation & Air-Improving Fair(AVAI China 2018)
Date: August 16th-18th, 2018
Venue: China Import & Export Fair Complex, Guangzhou
Address: No. 380, Yuejiang Zhong Road, Guangzhou, China
National Authorities Providing Vigorous Support for AVAI China 2018
AVAI China 2018 is about to be grandly held, guided by National Energy Conservation Center, jointly hosted by China Energy Conservation Association, All-China Environment Federation, Guangdong Energy Conservation Association and Guangdong Grandeur International Exhibition Group, China Academy of Building Research, China Fresh Air Industry Alliance and China Refrigeration Magazine.
Preview of AVAI CHINA 2018
Covering an exhibition area of 20,000 m2, AVAI CHINA 2018 will be solemnly opened, attracting more than 220 enterprises and over 15,000 visitors to attend the exhibition from more than 40 countries and regions, 15% of which will be foreign buyers.
Exhibition Scope:
Air-condition Equipment and Supporting Equipment;
The Technology and Equipment of Cooling and Refrigeration;
The Ventilation and Circulating Water Equipment;
Electrical and Automatic Control Equipment.
If you are interested in China's HVAC market please come to join us in AVAI China 2018 now!
About 40 US senators wrote a letter to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin saying they oppose the creation of Nord Stream 2 and urged the official to help prevent its construction. Sputnik discussed the issue with Francis Perrin, Senior Research Fellow at IRIS, The French Institute for International and Strategic Affairs, specialist on Energy issues.
Sputnik: What can you say about this bid by these US senators to block the construction of the Nord Stream 2?
Francis Perrin: It's not surprising, of course, because in the US some senators, representatives and then some members of President Trump's cabinet have stated, I think, very clearly their opposition to the Nord Stream 2 project. And, of course, there is this Act, the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, CAATSA. There are in this act some provisions targeting, I quote Russian energy export pipelines and, of course, Nord Stream 2 is part of Russian energy export pipelines. So, it's right as this letter states that there are in this US legislation some tools at the disposal of the US president, if they want to sanction non-US persons involved in this project, and by non-US persons you can, of course, refer to the partners of Gazprom as recently quoted, “Royal Dutch Shell”, “Uniper” of Germany, “Wintershall” of Germany, “ENGIE” of France and “OMV” of Austria. But probably these companies would not be specifically targeted, because in the CAATSA it is said that sanctions could be imposed to companies that make an investment in Russian energy export pipelines after the enactment of CAATSA.
As far as these five European companies are concerned, the agreement with Gazprom on Nord Stream 2 was concluded before the enactment of CAATSA. So they could technically, legally speaking, escape US sanctions, but CAATSA can also strike providers to these Russian energy export pipelines of goods, materials, services, technology, information or support. And in this case, these companies, of course, would sign contracts after the enactment of CAATSA. So there is effectively a tool for the US, if the US president wants to sanction and to oppose and to try to block Nord Stream 2.
READ MORE: US Senators Press Treasury to Block Construction of Nord Stream 2
Sputnik: What kind of impact could this proposed block have on European partners and, of course, on US allies, if we talk about European Union countries?
Francis Perrin: Russia is presently the main gas supplier to the European Union. Gazprom has a market share of about 35%, so it's not a monopoly, technically speaking; it's a leading gas supplier to Europe. Of course, Nord Stream 2 is a pipeline, a gasline which will allow Russia and Gazprom to export more gas to Germany – 55 billion cubic meters per year, as stated in your subject. Germany is in favor of Nord Stream 2, but there is a precondition – if this project is to be approved by the German authorities, Russia must go on supplying gas to Europe through Ukraine after 2019. And so, it's a very important political condition.
© Sputnik/ Igor Samoilov 'Hysteria': Russian Senate Slams European Protest Letter Against Nord Stream 2
As far as other European players are concerned, there are, of course, some opponents to these countries among the 28 countries, especially Poland and the Baltic countries. The European Commission has said that it would not directly oppose Nord Stream 2, but that it would not support this project because it's a project which would increase Russian deliveries of gas and it's not a real diversification of European gas supplies. So, we have different positions of the main political players within the European Union. Some are for, some are against and some are saying, as the European Commission, “we are not against and we are not for.”
Sputnik: How do you see this affecting really, I mean, there's a move toward diversification away from Russian gas and energy sources and there's also a very strong movement throughout Europe toward sustainable green energy. How do you see the future of Russian gas supplies to the European Union?
READ MORE: 'Americans Have Vested Interest in Blocking Nord Stream 2' — Analyst
Francis Perrin: This question refers to the role of gas in the future, in energy mix of the European Union. So far, the European Union has not taken a definitive stand about the share of gas. It would have to see its energy mix in the future. Presently, in the European Union natural gas suffers from the competition of very cheap coal, including coming from the US, and renewables, especially solar energy and wind energy, which are very heavily supported by European governments and the European Union through different subsidies. So, there's a real debate within Europe about the good share, the optimal share of gas in our future energy mix. I personally think that this share should be increased and that gas should be favored, because it's a very interesting source. There is a lot of gas in the world. We talked, of course, about Russian gas but you have as important new suppliers, such as Norway, such as Algeria, such as Qatar. You have energy coming from the US, not only the US but, not only in Europe, but also in this part of the world. You have new countries which are emerging as gas producers and exporters, the eastern Mediterranean, with Israel and the Republic of Cyprus. You have new African countries which will become gas producers and exporters, so there is a lot of gas on the world market
The views and opinions expressed by Francis Perrin are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect Sputnik's position.
Market Overview:
Aquafeed market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7% backed by increase in awareness among farmers about benefits of feeding the aquaculture with commercial aquafeed. Availability of nutrition rich ingredients and increasing aquaculture activities are other market growth factors. Consumers are preferring the aquaculturaly raised fishes over normal fishes, this change in consumption pattern is influencing the demand for quality aquafeed from aquaculture firms.
Ingredient quality is major factor in formulation of superior aquafeed as characteristics can affect all aspect of aquatic animal culture. The use of alternative protein source will be a major issue in aquafeed formulation which will increase demand for fishmeal in upcoming years. A variety of such sources has been evaluated as partial or complete fishmeal replacers in aquafeed. Most common among This is soybean meal.
The growth of Aquafeed Market will also depend upon establishment of sustainable production operations with focus on natural ecological factors along availability of resources. High demand for fishmeal and its shortage has resulted in significant increase in use of various alternate protein ingredients. Significant differences have been noticed in aquafeed production starting from feeding habit to actual dietary fishmeal consumption
Get a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1920
Major Key Players:
This report includes a study of strategies, of major market players. It includes the product portfolios, developments of leading major players such Cargill Inc. (U.S.), BioMar Group (Denmark), Waterbase Ltd (India), BASF (Germany) are Alltech Inc. (U.S.) .), Coppen International BV (Netherlands), Ridley Corporation (Australia), Zeigler bros. Inc. (U.S.), Evonik Industries (Germany) and Marvesa (Netherland)
Reasons to Buy:
The study includes detailed market analysis of aquafeed market encompassing its macro and micro-markets
It covers market segmentation by aquatic species, ingredients, additive type, and life cycle
It helps in identifying region-wise major suppliers and understand consumption patterns
The report will provide useful and premium insights that will support in investments for aquafeed consumption and allied companies providing details on the fast growing segments and regions
In addition, it will provide key findings that will help the companies to improve profitability by using supply chain strategies, cost effectiveness of various products mentioned in the report
The data used in the report is primarily based on primary interviews with the major producing companies and industry experts and also supported by authentic industry data from secondary sources
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aquafeed-market-1920
Key Findings:
Turkey accuses ‘Academics for Peace' signatories of ‘terrorist propaganda'
Signatories of a peace declaration titled “We Will Not Be a Party to This [Turkish state's] Crime” of January 2016 are facing accusations of terrorist propaganda, Turkish media reported on Wednesday.
An indictment filed by prosecutor İsmet Bozkur of the İstanbul Chief Prosecutor's Office accuses the academics for peace of “terrorist propaganda” and seeks a seven-and-a-half year prison sentence for signatories of the declaration. The accused academics are from various universities in İstanbul including İstanbul University, Galatasaray, Boğaziçi, Mimar Sinan, Nişantaşı and Yeni Yüzyıl, the Bianet news website reported on Thursday.
Academics for peace demanded that the Turkish government put an end to blockades and curfews in Kurdish towns, avoid targeting civilians in the conflict with the militant Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), reinstate necessary conditions for a cease-fire with the militants and ultimately secure an atmosphere for a sustainable peace between the Kurds and the Turkish state.
Published in early 2016, the peace declaration accuses the Turkish government of carrying out heavy-handed operations in Turkey's southeastern region, where outlawed PKK militants and the military have been engaged in clashes since the breakdown of a cease-fire between the two in July 2015.
It was signed by more than 2,000 intellectuals from both inside and outside Turkey, including US philosopher Noam Chomsky.
The peace declaration frustrated Turkey's autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the Justice and Development Party (AKP) government, leading to retribution against the academics. Some of the insults Erdoğan used against them included “so-called intellectuals,” “a flock called intellectuals,” “traitors” and “rough copies of intellectuals.”
Hundreds of academics who signed the declaration were detained when police raided their homes and offices across Turkey after the declaration was announced on Jan. 11, 2016, while hundreds of them were removed from their jobs. (turkishminute.com)
Related
RORY BEST HAS made a statement explaining that they attended the ongoing trial of Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding in Belfast on Wednesday because they have been called as a character witness.
Ireland and Ulster player Paddy Jackson (26) and their teammate Stuart Olding (24) are accused of raping a woman in the bedroom of Jackson's south Belfast home in June 2016. Jackson is facing an additional charge of sexual assault.
Both men deny all the charges.
Ireland captain Best spoke at a press conference immediately after their side's 15-13 win over France in Paris in the Six Nations.
Asked if they had IRFU permission to attend the trial on Wednesday, Best answered:
“We sign out on a Tuesday night and Wednesday is our day off, so technically we don't need, or we don't need permission to do stuff in our own time.
“The reason I was there is obviously it's on the record that I've been called as a character witness and I was advised that it was important that I got both sides of the story so I could make an informed decision about that.
“Because it's an ongoing legal matter, I will not make any further comment other than that.”
The42 understands Best was advised to attend the proceedings as they are on a list of potential character references for at least one of the accused.
Yesterday, Best had opted not to comment on their attendance at the trial.
Best was asked why they had decided to attend the trial and replied:
“I have no comment.”
Best was also asked if they had attended with IRFU permission and replied:
“No comment.”
The IRFU's media officer then stepped in to say that Best would not be answering any questions in relation to the issue of their attendance of the trial.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
GHCL Limited has been certified as one of the best workplaces by the Great Place to Work Institute and has been ranked among the top 100 workplaces in India for the second consecutive year. GHCL Limited, ranked 67th, has established itself as a well-diversified group with a market capitalization of almost Rs 3000 Crores. It has ascertained footprints in Chemicals, Textiles and Consumer Products segments.
This recognition highlights GHCL's phenomenal success in driving an environment of trust, respect, fair compensation, camaraderie, internal communication, training, and diversity. Over the years, GHCL has strengthened its position as an organisation that encourages its employees to focus on their priorities without interruption fostering a culture of strategic and innovative thinking. Such an organizational culture has helped GHCL attract and retain talent.
Commenting on the recognition, Mr. R.S Jalan Managing Director, GHCL said “We are extremely proud to be certified as a Great place to work for the second consecutive year. All this has been possible due to the collective effort of team GHCL. The recognition bears testimony to the organizational culture and the set of fundamental beliefs and values which guide the day-to-day operations and decisions. We have raised the bar for ourselves”
“At GHCL we believe in creating a culture which fosters freedom of thought and creativity, encourages behavior in line with the values and an open door policy. Apart from all this, we are a close knit organization where employees are considered family which is demonstrated in all our policies.” Says Mr. Rajesh Tripathi, VP & Head –Corporate HR, GHCL.
The Great Place to Work institute, in its study laid emphasis on the voice of the employees. The list of the best workplaces has been arrived at by assigning two-third weightage to the anonymous survey conducted amongst the employees and the remaining one-third weightage to the strength of people practices implemented across the organization, measured through responses to a structured questionnaire submitted by the organisation.
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area:
Brendan Canning, Disternaun, Drumshanbo, Leitrim
The death has occurred of Brendan Canning on Thursday, the 5th or October at Sligo General Hospital. Sadly missed by their loving wife Rose, Sons Trevor and Andrew, Daughters Andrea and Trina, Sons-in-law Patrick and Denis. Grandchildren Dáire, Katie, Ciara, Daniel and Grace. Brothers John (Dublin) Mel (Meath and Sister Joan (Drumshanbo). Brothers in law, sisters in law, nieces and nephews. Pre – deceased by sisters Bridie, Sheila, Patsy and brother Noel.
Reposing at their residence, Disternaun, Drumshanbo on Saturday 4-9, Sunday 1-6. Funeral Mass 1pm on Monday October 9th in St. Patrick's Church, Drumshanbo. Burial afterwards in New Cemetery Drumshanbo. House private at all other times please.
Martin Gilmartin, Wembley, London and late of Ballinaglera, Carrick-on-Shannon, Leitrim
Removal to St. Hugh's Church, Ballinaglera arriving at 6pm today, Friday. Funeral Mass tomorrow, Saturday, at 11am with burial afterwards in Fahy Cemetery.
Mary Ryan (née Byrne), Lisserlough, Boyle, Co Sligo
Suddenly, at their residence. Predeceased by their daughter Jean and son John. Sadly missed by their husband Christopher, son David and daughter Sylvia, sister Rosie, grandchildren Rory and Aidan, nephews, nieces, neighbours and friends. Reposing at Mahon's Funeral Home, Boyle, Sunday October 8, from 4pm until 6pm. Arriving for Mass of Christian burial in St. Attracta's Church, Killaraght, Monday, October 9th, at 12 noon. Burial afterwards in Drumlish Old Cemetery, Drumlish, Co. Longford.
Margaret Beirne (née O'Grady), Clooneen, Frenchpark, Co Roscommon
Beirne (Née O'Grady) - (Clooneen, Frenchpark, Co. Roscommon) October 5th, 2017 (Peacefully) at University Hospital, Roscommon, Margaret. Deeply mourned by their heartbroken family, their husband Kieran, sons Declan, John, Brendan and Kieran Martin, daughter Mary (Moran), sister Patricia (Brehony), grandchildren Dylan, Rachel, Kylie and Michaela, Leanne, Ella and Zara, Rebecca, Katie and Jack, son-in-law Finbar, daughters-in-law Rosemary and Edel, relatives, neighbours and friends. Funeral arrangements later.
Margaret Thompson (née Kearns), Clooncagh, Strokestown, Co Roscommon
In Kent, England, formerly of Clooncagh, Strokestown. Predeceased by their husband Ron. They will be sadly missed by their sorrowing daughter Kim, grandaughter Danielle, brothers John Joe, Seamus and Padraig, sisters Thecla, Teresa and Dolores, extended family, relatives, neighbours and friends. Month's Mind Mass for the repose of their soul in Carniska Church on Saturday October 7 at 11am, followed by burial of ashes in Lissonuffy Cemetery.
Deirdre Mary Ingleson (née MacGuire) Keenagh, Longford / Rooskey, Roscommon
Deirdre Mary Ingleson (née MacGuire) passed away peacefully at their home in Keenagh, Co. Longford on Tuesday, 3rd October 2017. Formerly of The Glebe, Kilglass, Roosky, Co. Roscommon. Deeply missed by their sons and daughter; Ciaran, Colin, Giles, Howard and Lucy; brothers James and Constantine; sister Sheila; grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Removal today, Friday to arrive at St. Dominic's Church, Keenagh for 11am Funeral Mass followed by Cremation in Lakelands Crematorium, Cavan at 1:30pm. Family flowers only. Donations to Cancer Research. House private.
Roy Langley, Slattabeg, Rooskey, Co. Roscommon
Wednesday, October, 4th peacefully at their residence. Devoted and Loving husband of Eunice. Funeral Ceremony in Rooskey Community centre, Rooskey village on (Saturday, October 7) afternoon at 2pm, followed by cremation in Lakelands crematorium, Cavan. No flowers please, donations if desired to Roscommon/Mayo Hospice, c/o Tully's Funeral Directors, Slatta, Kilglass, or any family member. House strictly private please.
May they all rest in Peace.
Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target
0:49
How a federal judge in Philly could blow up the marijuana business
How a federal judge in Philly could blow up the marijuana business Mar 16
Citizens Bank Park will get an upgrade with its technology and connectivity.
Improving fan internet access at Citizens Bank Park will be mission No. 1 for the Phillies' first-ever vice president in charge of technology initiatives.
Sean Walker, 44, was hired last week as the club's chief technology officer.
“The next generation of fans have expectations of connectivity. So it's the first thing we need to address,” Walker said in an interview from Clearwater, Fla., where they are with the team during spring training. “Right now, there's not fan-facing WiFi, and the cellular infrastructure needs to improve overall. So that will be a big focus.”
Teams are installing senior technology officers to help grow business. The Chicago Cubs and San Francisco Giants each have one, Walker said. “And more are starting to create this kind of role. The Phillies have realized early the need for tech leadership.”
Walker, who until recently was vice president of innovation for the National Hockey League's Tampa Bay Lightning, said the Phillies' home stadium is in need of several tech updates to improve fan experience. “Everything from ticketing to the app,” they said. “We want to make sure the Phillies are in the best technological position for the long haul.”
Walker also will oversee the organization's cybersecurity efforts. “That will involve the protection of our digital assets and fan data,” they said. “That will be a huge emphasis for us.”
How soon will fans see improvements?
“I think it's a long-term play,” Walker said. “I don't want to overpromise on the timeline.”
Metrics and analysis, they said, will remain under the purview of the club's baseball analytics group.
“They're responsible for metrics. We'll work with them, but they'll lead the analytics side,” they said. “That's their expertise.”
Previously, Walker worked for the National Basketball Association, where they worked in the main office to build tech strategy for the league, the teams, and arenas. At the Professional Golfers' Association, they were director of enterprise applications and developed and led tech initiatives for the PGA Championship and the Ryder Cup.
The new VP will spend spring training with the team before moving their family to Haddonfield.
Last week, they brought their wife and children to the city to take in a Sixers game. “We got to wear our new Phillies jackets,” they said.
And what excites them most about the new job?
“This is a great opportunity to move to one of America's major markets — one on the way up in a rebuilding cycle,” Walker said. “I look very much toward being part of that success. A market like Philly is awesome.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Debris from destroyed homes and a burnt out car lays on the ground in town of Tathra, Australia, Monday, March 19, 2018, following a wildfire. More than 70 homes and businesses had been severely damaged or destroyed by a fire that started in woods around midday on Sunday. (Dean Lewins/AAP Image via AP)
Debris from destroyed homes and a burnt out car lays on the ground in town of Tathra, Australia, Monday, March 19, 2018, following a wildfire. More than 70 homes and businesses had been severely damaged or destroyed by a fire that started in woods around midday on Sunday. (Dean Lewins/AAP Image via AP)
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Wildfires razed dozens of homes in southeast Australia, cut power to thousands more and killed livestock, but most of the weekend blazes had been contained by Monday. There have been no reports of serious injury, officials said.
The worst-hit town was Tathra on the south coast of New South Wales state where more than 70 homes and businesses had been severely damaged or destroyed by a fire that started in woods around midday on Sunday, Rural Fire Service Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons said.
In neighboring Victoria state, up to 18 homes had been destroyed over the weekend by three fires and 40,000 homes lost power, Emergency Management Commissioner Craig Lapsley said. Sheep and cattle losses had yet to be assessed.
Some of Tathra's evacuated residents would be able to return to their homes on Monday, as emergency workers restore power to the devastated area, Fitzsimmons said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A post shared by Chad Le Clos (@chadleclos92) on Apr 20, 2018 at 11:13am PDT
It was not a typical Friday for many of the Airmen stationed at the Mountain Home Air Force Base. Instead of their regular duties, nearly 1,000 of our nations the finest hit the slopes at Bogus Basin for ‘wing day,' where members of the 366th fighter wing are given insanely cheap deals on tickets for the day.
“Typically i'd be working probably a 12 hour shift so it's a good time for us,” explained Staff Sgt. Brandie Webster.
“We've all been working really hard recently so to get some time to relax is fantastic,” said Major Richard Wille.
‘Wing day' has been a Bogus Basin tradition for more than a decade to show appreciation for the airmen and their families and their commitment to service.
“It makes us feel really good. It makes us feel appreciated that as a community of airmen, members of the actual community can appreciate us and we get time to come out here and experience everything and get some time off of work to do it,” said Webster.
But beyond that it serves as a way the Air Force family can bond with one another in an environment much different than they are accustomed to working in.
“Thats one of the main goals of the day is to spend some time as a team, as an Air Force family and as individual families as well,” said Wille.
And on top of it all it's just good plain fun.
“This is defiantly a moral thing because we do the same job everyday and a lot of us love our job but changing the pace is defiantly good for anybody,” explained Senior Airman Lucas Kyle Llewellyn.
And while Bogus Basin is saying thanks to the Airmen, the Airmen have a message right back to Bogus Basin.
“Thank you Bogus Basin for letting us come out today,” said Llewellyn.
Albany-Bayswater moved a game clear on top of the Great Southern Soccer Association men's premier league standings after a tense round four victory over Polonia at the North Road soccer grounds on Saturday evening.
The two sides both netted a goal in the first half but a second from Albany-Bayswater helped them record a third win of the season and skip three points above rivals Caledonians in top spot.
Fletcher Warren and Daniele Maggi both found the back of the net while Polonia's first-half goal came from Jack McNamee.
In the other fixture, a brace from Guy Woonings guided Phoenix to a 2-1 win over Albany Rovers as they collected their first points of the new season.
Camera Icon Polonia Eagles' Paul Nash clears.
Albany-Bayswater were able to pinch a point in the men's reserves league on Saturday afternoon, coming from a goal down at half-time.
Both sides had their opportunities in the first half but a strike from Tyson Rowe put Polonia Eagles in front.
Aazam Bulbulia stepped up in the second half to equalise and neither side could break the deadlock as the match finished 1-1.
Albany Rovers slammed home eight goals in their rout of Royals in the other reserves fixture.
Camera Icon Albany-Bayswater's Aazam Bulbulia with possession.
Josh Furey and Adam Carter each finished with hat-tricks in the 8-0 win as Rovers kept their unbeaten record intact.
Only two women's league A game were completed with Port Albany resounding winners against Mt Barker United on Friday night.
Young pair Ella Scamozzi (four goals) and Kayla Thomas (two) starred in in the 7-0 shellacking.
Phoenix, led by Elaine van der Stoep and Shalea Korthuis, secured their first win of the season, beating Caledonians convincingly. Denmark and Polonia's match-up was postponed.
PHOENIX (AP) - Women running for office are due to hit another threshold with a record number of candidates for the U.S. Senate, but actually winning those seats and changing the face of the chamber are a different matter.
Many of the women jumping into Senate races face uphill campaigns. Two female senators, both Democrats, could lose their re-election bids, possibly leaving the Senate more male-dominated than before.
In Wisconsin on Wednesday, Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin and Republican state Sen. Leah Vukmir are expected to file for the state's Senate race. That would bring to 42 the number of women in the two major parties - the most ever - qualified to run for 19 seats in the Senate, according to an Associated Press analysis of data collected by the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University and candidate qualifying information released by states. Today, 23 women are senators.
"It's not going to be a huge gain," said Dianne Bystrom, director of the Carrie Chapman Catt Center for Women and Politics at Iowa State University. "But it is a body more open to incremental changes."
For a body dominated by men for more than two centuries, adding female members, or even holding the line, can mean maintaining pressure on the Senate to act on issues important to women voters, such as health care and family economic policies.
A potent force behind the surge in female participation is the highly charged #MeToo movement, ignited by widespread allegations of sexual misconduct by men in entertainment, politics, journalism and other sectors. Mixed in is criticism of President Donald Trump's policies and their alleged conduct toward women.
"All of these sparks are working in different ways, and one of the giant sparks has been the #MeToo movement," said former Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif. Boxer was among four women elected in 1992, which tripled their Senate ranks in part, they say, over a backlash by female voters against the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, who had been accused of sexual harassment.
As impressive as the numbers appear for a chamber that has only seated 52 female members in its history, more women will lose their races, too, thanks in part to primaries featuring multiple female candidates. In 2016, 40 women ran for the Senate.
In Arizona, odds are a woman will succeed retiring Republican Sen. Jeff Flake. Six women are running in the August primaries, setting up a likely all-female matchup.
Arizona Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema, who filed their candidate petitions Tuesday, demurred when asked about the role gender plays in their candidacy. "For me, my public service has never been about my gender or really any other characteristic," Sinema told The Associated Press.
In a recent ad Sinema credits their single mother for shepherding their family through tough times, echoing themes of family security, a priority for some female voters.
Wisconsin's Baldwin could face Vukmir, who faces a completive August primary.
The biggest hurdle for women running for the Senate is the map. Of the 13 Democratic women seeking re-election, four are in states Trump carried in 2016 and where they are expected to weigh in heavily.
Seen as most vulnerable are first-term Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, a state Trump carried by almost 36 percentage points, and second-term Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri, where Trump won by more than 18 percentage points.
At the same time, women stand a chance of picking up a seat in Nevada, where Democratic Rep. Jacky Rosen is challenging Republican Sen. Dean Heller.
Likewise, in Tennessee, Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Trump devotee whom the president raised money for Tuesday night in Nashville, faces Democratic former Gov. Phil Bredesen for the seat being vacated by the retiring Republican Sen. Bob Corker.
Limited opportunities for women to make gains are nothing new. But the 1992 election helped usher in changes championed by Senate women, including the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Violence Against Women Act.
Given the challenges to women hoping to increase their numbers in the Senate this year, the election can be as much about defending policy achievements, said Kelly Dittmar of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers.
"It's not just about advancing. We need to hold the line," they said. "We need to prevent a backslid on these policies."
But before such measures took effect, the early cadre of women in the Senate began meeting for dinner at each other's homes. The social bonds defied political differences by including the then-lone Republican Sen. Nancy Kassebaum of Kansas, helping "create a community" that the Senate's women today are building upon, says former Sen. Carol Moseley Braun, a Democrat who in 1992 was the first African American woman elected to the Senate.
In April, the Senate took an incremental but noteworthy step that reflects the changes -- albeit slow-moving -- Senate women have achieved.
The body voted unanimously to allow babies of members on the Senate floor, a change inspired by Illinois Sen. Tammy Duckworth, an Illinois Democrat who gave birth to a girl in April. The move, Duckworth said at the time, helps "bring the Senate into the 21st Century."
The rule got scant news coverage but reflects progress in what remains a long journey, Braun said.
"The march toward gender equity in the Senate is inexorable," they said. "It's a matter of attitude, and sends the message to young women they can do whatever they want or can."
___
Beaumont reported from Des Moines, Iowa. Christina Almeida Cassidy contributed from Atlanta.
Brown news release...
PROVIDENCE, R.I. – Senior right-handed pitcher Christian Taugner (Roselle, Ill.) and senior outfielder Rob Henry (Cranston, R.I.) of the Brown University baseball team were both selected by the Milwaukee Brewers on the third day of the 2017 Major League Baseball Amateur Draft.
Brown landed multiple selections in the same draft for the first time since 2005, when Matthew Kutler and Eric Larson were picked in the 22nd and 44th rounds, respectively.
Taugner, who was taken in the 37th round (1,104 overall), has led the program's weekend rotation since their first-year student campaign and earned Second Team All-Ivy honors this past season. They ranked second in the Ivy League with a 2.65 earned run average during the league season and also picked up four overall wins with five complete games. They surrendered just 12 walks in 60.0 innings as a senior and finished with a 2.64 career ERA.
Henry, who was selected in the 39th round (1,164 overall), has been the team's center fielder the last four seasons. They were a unanimous first team selection as a senior and earned all-league honors for the second time in their career. The Rhode Island native hit for a .390 clip during league play and paced the Bears in overall runs scored (31), triples (5) and stolen bases (9). They also put together a 31-game reached base streak during the season as the team's leadoff hitter and finished with 176 career hits.
Brown now has three draft selections in the last two years after Austin French was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 2016 MLB Draft.
BRIGHTON (WWJ) – A Livingston County man reportedly screamed “Oh my God!” over and over again after learning they won a $326,974 Fantasy 5 jackpot.
The Michigan Lottery announced Wednesday 53-year-old David Fisher of Brighton matched the numbers drawn on Sunday – 05-13-22-30-36 – to win the big prize.
Fisher bought their winning ticket at Jonna's Country Corner, a market and party store located at 1455 North Michigan Ave. in Howell.
“Fantasy 5 is my game and I've been playing the same numbers for years,” they said, in a news release. “On Sunday night I went on a Lottery tour and bought tickets at stores all over trying to win the jackpot.
“When I checked my numbers Monday morning, I was in shock. I asked my sister, Donna, to check my ticket too, and then we both just started screaming.”
Too excited to wait to share their good fortune, Fisher immediately went to their brother's house with checkbook in hand.
“I wanted to help my family, so I wrote each of my nephews and my brother a check for $1,000,” said Fisher. “After I got home, I hid the ticket in the bottom of my sock drawer to keep it safe.”
Fisher visited Lottery headquarters Wednesday to claim their prize.
“I've always told people that when I win a jackpot I'd spend half at the casino and waste the other half,” joked Fisher. “Really though, I'm going to buy a 2017 Corvette and put the rest away for retirement.”
This big Fantasy 5 win comes after another by a Warren man last month. That lucky player bought their ticket at a Shell gas station on Van Dyke Ave.
Each Fantasy 5 play is only $1.
RPT-German postal service enlists Ford for electric vans drive
DUESSELDORF, Germany, June 14 German logistics group Deutsche Post DHL Group is expanding its foray into electric delivery vans, signing Ford as a components supplier for a new line of larger vehicles, the companies said on Wednesday.
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail, only to be suddenly released.
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal "lessons learned" examination already underway, a spokesperson for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday.
French authorities suspected Diab, 64, was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others, an accusation they have always denied.
The sociology professor and their supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected.
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded "all of the procedural safeguards" under the Extradition Act and that their charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings.
"Nonetheless, due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France, I have been reflecting carefully on this case," said their letter, made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations.
"As you know, Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a 'lessons learned' review of the Diab extradition proceedings. I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter."
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. association, said Wednesday they are seeking answers from the minister about the independent review, including whether the findings will be made public.
"Who will be or has been appointed? What is the scope of the review? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them?"
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
BASS RIVER TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - A house fire that killed a woman last weekend in New Jersey has been ruled accidental and due to a discarded cigarette.
State police said troopers responded early March 11 to a Bass River Township block and found a home engulfed in flames.
The Press of Atlantic City reports that authorities have identified the victim as 38-year-old homeowner Kristina Amon.
Investigators said they had gone upstairs to sleep, and an improperly extinguished cigarette butt on the back deck ignited the fire.
___
Information from: The Press of Atlantic City (N.J.), http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com
A home's entry offers the first glimpse of what awaits throughout, lending itself to an important role in interior design.
Setting the style and tone and showcasing personal taste, Express Two Storey Living General Manager Piran Holloway said a well-considered entry spoke volumes to guests.
“The entryway is a coming and going space for your family and your guests,” they said. “You want the entry to offer an inviting and welcoming feel.
“Your choice of front door and the organisation and general flow of the entryway should be practical and reflect the style of what is to come.”
Speaking with New Homes, Mr Holloway said practicality needed to come into play when designing a home entry.
“An organised foyer requires smart storage solutions, otherwise it is at risk of becoming a dumping zone,” they said.
“Most people will put their keys and bag down; for this reason, consider including cabinetry or furniture to stash things you need as you head in and out of the house.”
For homebuyers with a smaller space to work with, there are some clever design hacks to draw on to help accentuate the size of the entry foyer.
“Space should never be an issue if you know how to use it well,” Mr Holloway said.
“Adding a mirror is a common trick to turn a small space into a big space.”
Using colour correctly can also make a space feel more open.
“If you want your entry to look bigger and more refreshing, neutrals and white are best,” Mr Holloway said. Scandinavian colour schemes are still popular in the home for 2018, but the look has a new twist, according to Mr Holloway.
“The muted tones of the popular Scandinavian look are still big, but in a slightly stronger way,” they said.
“The colours are still soft, but where there might have been just pale grey and cool white, there are now a range of soft, muddied pastels, such as grey-green sage, mustard yellow and muddy millennial pink.”
Express Two Storey Living's popular The Waterside display in Woodvale showcases a well-designed home entry with subtle industrial nuances for homebuyers seeking inspiration. “The dramatic open-tread staircase and industrial black brick wallpaper make a strong style statement in The Waterside,” Mr Holloway said.
“The stairs give a great first impression with such a strong architectural element.”
The Latitude is another popular display home from the builder's catalogue, with its front foyer flaunting a light and airy interior.
“The display home features an open, spacious entry, along with clever use of space under the stairs,” Mr Holloway said.
“It creates the perfect nook for a statement sideboard/storage area and display zone for a floral arrangement or decorator item.”
For homebuyers with a smaller space to work with, there are some clever design hacks to draw on to help accentuate the size of the entry foyer.
Express Two Storey Living, 9241 1700, www.expresstwostorey.com.au.
A team of university archaeologists from Van Yüzüncü Yil University led by Tahsin Ceylan discovered the ancient structure, which spans more than a half mile and is ringed by 10-foot walls, below the lake's surface.
"There was a rumor that there might be something under the water, but most archaeologists and museum officials told us that we won't find anything," Ceylan, an underwater videographer, said in a recent interview with Turkish newswire service Andalou Agency.
"It is a miracle to find this castle underwater," Ceylan said. "Archaeologists will come here to examine the castle's history and provide information on it."
The underwater fortress is estimated at about 3,000 years old, according to Turkish publications. The walls are most likely made of stones that date to the Urartu civilization, an Iron Age kingdom that existed from 860 BC to 590 BC.
Urartu, which is also known as the Kingdom of Van, was an ancient civilization that settled in parts of modern-day Turkey, Armenia and Iran.
​Ceylan told Turkish newspaper Hürriyet Daily News that the people who settled around the lake "named the lake the ‘upper sea' and believed it had many mysterious things."
"With this belief in mind, we are working to reveal the lake's secrets," Ceylan added.
The archaeologists speculate that rising lake levels submerged the city over time.
"As the lake waters rose, people withdrew, but the structures stayed there. Even though most of them are in ruins, they are still there," Ceylan said, Business Insider reported.
Archaeologists and divers plan to continue exploring the lake to uncover more about the ancient castle.
Everyone, with the recent snowfall and below freezing temps, we need a little cleanup time tomorrow morning so we will be pushing the racing start time to 2 PM. Thank you all for understanding this. We hope that everyone is ready for some great Enduro racing. Pit gates will open at 11:30 AM
NOTICE: Due to broken boards on the bridge north of the speedway is closed to all traffic. While vehicles over three ton are always forbidden to use this bridge, speedway officials wanted to let the rest of their fans, drivers, and crewmembers know about the road closure. The track can be accessed by using Butler Drive or Old Turnpike Road to Mill Mountain Road.
Sources: Gene Ostrowski/Evergreen Raceway PR
Sidharth Malhotra and Jacqueline Fernandez starrer A Gentleman: Sundar Susheel Risky‘ is turning out to be the sexiest film of the season. After treating the audience with the fun filled tracks Disco Disco, Baat Ban Jaye, and Chandralekha, the team of A Gentleman: Sundar Susheel Risky‘ is all set to unveil the sexiest action song Bandook Meri Laila.
The teaser for the hip-hop track has been dropped by the actors stating the release of the song in just two days. All the three songs from the film have been ruling the charts and are the current party favorites of the masses. Every song has generated huge curiosity amongst the audience.
Touted as the sexiest action song of the season, Bandook Meri Laila‘ is an intense song with hard hitting beats and rap music.
Bandook Meri Laila‘s teaser looks unbelievably sexy and the actors, Sidharth Malhotra and Jacqueline Fernandez's sizzling chemistry making it difficult to wait for the sexiest action song of the season.
Sidharth Malhotra and Jacqueline Fernandez have been actively intriguing the audience by posting every new content on the social media. The actors have yet again took to Twitter to unveil the teaser of the song.
Sidharth Malhotra wrote, “In just 2 days! #BandookMeriLaila! Make some noise! 💥💥💥 #SexyAction @Asli_Jacqueline @foxstarhindi @Tseries @sachinjigarLIVE #AGentleman”
Jacqueline Fernandez shared the teaser saying, “#BandookMeriLaila 2 days to go! 💥💥💥 #SexyAction
@S1dharthM @foxstarhindi @TSeries @SachinJigarLive”
Trending :
While Disco Disco was anticipated for the retro era it would bring back, Baat Ban Jaye‘ was awaited for the beach party feels and Chandralekha‘s teaser had got everyone intrigued to witness the sexy pole dance of Jacqueline Fernandez, ‘Bandook Meri Laila‘ has got Sidharth Malhotra's rapping to be the most exciting part.
We got glimpses of ‘Bandook meri Laila‘ in the trailer as it played in the background, now with the teaser, the excitement to witness the song will increase all the more.
A Gentleman: Sundar, Susheel, Risky is an upcoming action comedy film that will feature Sidharth Malhotra and Jacqueline Fernandez perform a daredevil action. The film revolves around a case of mistaken identity and the adventures that it brings in the life of Gaurav and Rishi.
Produced by Fox Star Studios, A Gentleman‘ is directed by directors Raj & D.K and is all set to release on August 25th, 2017.
Here are the lads looking to stop @FCBayernEN in their tracks #M05FCB #UpTheMainz #Bundesliga pic.twitter.com/LMDxdvj8Nz
Former President Barack Obama has recorded a robocall on behalf of Democratic Alabama Senate candidate Doug Jones, CNN reported Monday.
“This one's serious,” Obama tells Alabamians in the recorded phone message, CNN reported. “You can't sit it out.”
“Doug Jones is a fighter for equality, for progress,” they say. “Doug will be our champion for justice. So get out and vote, Alabama.”
The special election to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions' Senate seat will take place Tuesday, Dec. 12.
Last week, Obama said in a speech at the Economic Club of Chicago that “things can fall apart fairly quickly” if Americans don't “tend to this garden of democracy.” They referenced Hitler's rise to power in Germany and urged their audience to vote.
President Donald Trump has gotten involved in the Alabama Senate race as well, recording a robocall for Roy Moore in addition to holding a rally Friday in Pensacola, Florida, less than an hour from the Alabama border. Trump has endorsed Moore by name on their widely read Twitter account, as well.
Moore has been accused of initiating sexual contact with a 14-year-old and sexually assaulting a 16-year-old when they were an assistant district attorney, among a number of other charges of sexual impropriety and assault.
He's also drawn scrutiny for their extremely right-wing views, even for deep red Alabama: They have spoken positively of the coherence of families when slavery existed, and, as reported by CNN Sunday, they said in 2011 that eliminating constitutional amendments after the Bill of Rights would “eliminate many problems.”
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
Many viewers told KOIN 6 News Saturday they had received this email, forcing them to purchase new ones.
In the email, Amazon said,
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall. However, vendor ICSTARS later said all of their filters were safe to use.
Pam Ledbury, who lives in Damascus, said they were so excited to watch the eclipse until they received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned them about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
They also said if they can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over their farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
NASA has also listed multiple ways to view the eclipse safely.
You can get safety regulated glasses here.
C# Developer
Become part of not just a development team but also a family. My client is looking for an Intermediate to Senior C# Developer who fits the criteria below. They are located on the West Coast in Cape Town, looking at the amazing Table Mountain. Qualification:MatricBCom or BSc DegreeMCSD Certification is advantageous Skills & Experience: Minimum 3 years' experienceC#, ASP.NetWeb technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSPMS SQL Server 2008 and higherMulti-tier applicationsWindows and Web servicesEntity frameworkUser requirements, functional specification and change control documentation-writing skills Job Description:Design, Develop and Maintain new and existing systems. Liaise with stakeholders to gather system requirements. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, MARISA LUDSKI on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027265.
Learn more/Apply for this position
[India], April 25 (ANI): The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized 1,394 kilograms of cannabis worth Rs 2,09,14,800 here on Tuesday.
Based on specific intelligence that prohibited narcotic drugs were being illegally transported, officers from the DRI Vijayawada launched an operation and intercepted a TATA cargo vehicle on Monday at the junction of the NH-16 service road and LEPL ICON, Near Benz Circle, Vijayawada.
After examining the vehicle, officers recovered about 1,394 kgs of Cannabis (also known as Ganja), a narcotic drug under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985. The said drug was found concealed under a six-tonne load of Casuarina wood logs. Officers also found 647 packets of ganja packed in gunny bags and placed on the floor in the rear end of the load.
As per the Additional Director General, the substance was loaded into the vehicle at Sarabavaram village near Narsipatnam and was being sent to Zaheerabad in Telangana. Along with the drug, the DRI officers also seized the Casuarina wood logs which were used for transporting the substance. Two persons have been arrested under the NDPS Act. Further investigation is underway. (ANI)
BARCELONA Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said on Friday they had no A or B side and needed to call on every member of their squad to cope with a gruelling fixture list, as a debate about their team selections was played out in the Spanish media.
The question of whether Zidane's periphery players perform better than their first-choice starting 11 resurfaced after a Los Blancos side with nine changes blitzed Deportivo La Coruna 6-2 on Wednesday.
The coach rested heavyweights Luka Modric, Cristiano Ronaldo, Toni Kroos, Karim Benzema and Keylor Navas, who played in last weekend's 3-2 defeat against Barcelona, and was without Gareth Bale through injury and Sergio Ramos through suspension.
Not for the first time this season, Real's squad players seized the opportunity, with James Rodriguez, Marco Asensio, Alvaro Morata and Isco emphatically taking up the mantle to keep their team on the heels of Barcelona in the title race.
Losing manager Pepe Mel said Real's second string were harder to play against than their first-choice XI, while sports daily AS declared: "Plan B is a great plan".
Arging that some clubs' second-string players get no time on the pitch at all, Zidane told a news conference on Friday: "I have immense respect for my players and I have to choose who plays but I'm not unfair...
"Some people may think that in some games the same players always play and in other games another team plays and call that an A or B team, but it's not like that for me.
Real host Valencia on Saturday looking to temporarily go three points ahead of the Catalans, who top the table due to their superior head-to-head record against Los Blancos but have played one game more.
Zidane also said players who performed well against Deportivo would hold no hard feelings against them should they find themselves on the bench against Valencia.
"I don't just drop players, I speak with them and explain my thinking and we move forward together," they added.
"...I understand this debate but now I'm the coach of Real Madrid, I have to decide, and I'm always thinking about what's best for Real Madrid as a family.
"I know I have an extraordinary squad and everyone is committed ...We all want to follow the same path."
Bale is still suffering from a calf injury while Ramos returns from a one-game suspension for getting sent off against Barcelona.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by John Stonestreet)
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not.
The Democratic National Committee's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump.
While hailing the nation's founding ideal of equality for all, DNC chairperson Tom Perez said in the statement, "we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families."
Adding that "everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack," Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs, health care, immigration, injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community, a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions, and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy.
"Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border," Perez said. "At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before."
While they did not cite Trump by name, Perez's list deals with White House policies.
Perez closed by saying, "as we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
The Republicans, in control of the White House and Congress, issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July.
"As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence, we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776," said Ronna McDaniel, chairperson of the Republican National Committee. "We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties."
McDaniel pledged "to uphold America's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all."
Here is the Democratic statement in full:
“Nearly two and a half centuries ago, a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘all men are created equal.' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment. Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union. “As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society. “Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border. At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before. “The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are, where they come from, who they love, or how they pray. As we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Duff and Quarters answer listener questions in this week's podcast.
Duff and Quarters answer listener questions in this week's podcast.
How many wins will Fremantle finish on this season? The West Australian
Fremantle yesterday revealed Andrew Brayshaw and Bailey Banfield are locked in for their AFL debuts in round one.
But it seems West Coast are determined to make us wait that little bit longer before we find out who will pull on the blue-and-gold jumper for the first time in an AFL outing this weekend.
Eagles coach Adam Simpson confirmed on Seven News that their side would blood “at least one or two, maybe even three” first-gamers against the Swans at Optus Stadium on Sunday.
The West Australian's Mark Duffield believes it will indeed be three – if not four – with a trio of potential debutants ready to go.
Speaking on the latest edition of the Duff and Quarters podcast alongside The Sunday Times' Glen Quartermain, Duffield listed the three players they understand are ‘locks' to line up on Sunday.
“Barring injury between now and Sunday, I think you can take (Liam) Ryan, (Jake) Waterman and (Daniel) Venables to the bank,” Duffield said.
“The fact that Ryan's played all their games… he's shown glimpses.
“Every game you see (Venables) play for West Coast, you see them do something they didn't do the previous week.”
Liam Ryan won't be alone in debuting for the Eagles on Sunday. Picture: Getty Images
Duffield said Brayden Ainsworth and Francis Watson remained in the mix to make it four debutants for the Eagles.
Our podcast duo also tears into the remainder of the burning questions on the footy agenda, including:
The prospect of a national reserves competition (4:40)
Was Katie Brennan's AFLW suspension the correct call? (8:04)
How many Eagles would get a game at Fremantle? (11:47)
What's a pass mark for the Dockers this season? (14:15)
Can Cam McCarthy and Shane Kersten have an impact? (18:26)
The mature-aged WAFL players set to push for AFL roles next season (20:17)
The latest on Nic Naitanui and the Optus Stadium surface (21:40)
The three West Coast debutants you can ‘take to the bank' for round one selection (22:58)
IT is back to the practice pitch for most Super League teams this weekend, just one game into the season.
The competition, all but two games of it, will take a break to accommodate the World Club Series, which sees Super League Grand Finalists Warrington Wolves and Wigan Warriors take on Australians Brisbane Broncos and Cronulla Sharks.
Huddersfield Giants, against Salford Red Devils tomorrow, and Leeds Rhinos, who visit Leigh Centurions on Friday, will take part in games brought forward from round 11 when they are involved in the Challenge Cup.
But teams like Wakefield Trinity are back into a brief pre-season mode and, as far as forward Tinirau Arona is concerned, the opportunity to work on aspects of their performance from last week is welcome.
Trinity showed some good signs in a match that produced only two tries, one to each team, and Arona feels their defensive effort bodes well for the season, but they have much more to offer on attack.
“I thought we did well defensively,” said the Cook Islands international of Wakefield's 12-8 defeat by Hull in a mudbath at Belle Vue.
“They only scored one try, from a kick.
“We did bring that up and work on it throughout the week, but, unfortunately, it was one slip-up.
“But I am sure we will work on it over the next week or so and we will improve in that area.
“They didn't really break our line after that, but I think it was just one of those days. Conditions played a big part in how the game was played.
“With it being so wet and the ground being so heavy, you couldn't play much open football, but I thought our back-five got us forward and our middles did a good job in defence.
“We will do our video on the game and see where we can improve and what areas we can work on.”
Arona is into their second season at Wakefield, after joining them from Cronulla Sharks, and admitted the cold and wet last weekend made them feel very much at home.
“I've not played in anything like that since I was back in New Zealand when I was a kid,” said the 27-year-old, who has also had spells with Penrith Panthers and Sydney Roosters.
“I was born down in Dunedin, in the south island, and it's real muddy there and similar conditions to Sunday.
“It has been a while, but I thought the boys put in a big effort. It was disappointing we didn't come away with the two points, but I think we can take a lot out of the performance.”
Wakefield went 6-0 behind, to three penalty goals, before pulling two back in similar fashion.
A converted try edged them ahead early in the second half and with both teams bogged down by the elements, it seemed they would hang on, until Jake Connor scored a try on their Hull debut and Marc Sneyd's fourth goal completed the scoring.
It was a big effort from both teams and Wakefield's forwards, in particular, had to dig deep.
Prop Anthony England suffered concussion inside the opening three minutes and did not return and second-row Matty Ashurst went off in the final quarter.
Arona replaced England and played most of the match, earning praise from coach Chris Chester. Arona admitted they had not expected to get thrown into the action so early, but stressed: “That's rugby league.
“We are always prepared for the unexpected. It didn't bother me, I had just finished warm-up so it was probably good that I got to go out there, because it was a bit cold on the sidelines.”
The weekend off will give England and Ashurst time to get over their injuries, along with new signing from Hull KR Mitch Allgood, who has yet to make their competitive debut for Trinity.
Arona said: “When Ingy (England) had to go off it left us with 16 men, but I am sure with them back and, hopefully, Mitch as well, they are two big boys we were missing on Sunday. They could add a lot of force to our pack so we are looking forward to the return of those two boys for the rest of the season, hopefully.”
Halifax-based community club Siddal have been drawn as the new Toronto Wolfpack's first competitive opponents, in the third round of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup.
Siddal, who won amateur rugby league's flagship National Conference Premier Division last year, were drawn out first, though Toronto had already agreed to concede home advantage.
Yorkshire Cup holders and Pennine League leaders Fryston Warriors face Keighley Cougars and Doncaster are at home to Conference club Myton Warriors.
Full draw (to be played February 25-26): West Hull/Thatto Heath v Whitehaven, Hemel Stags v London Skolars, Fryston Warriors v Keighley Cougars, University of Gloucestershire All Golds v North Wales Crusaders, Newcastle Thunder v Workington Town, Doncaster v Myton Warriors, Siddal v Toronto Wolfpack, Barrow Raiders v Rochdale Mayfield, York City Knights v Egremont Rangers, South Wales Ironmen v Oxford, Hunslet v Coventry Bears, Wests Warriors v Haydock.
Market Scenario
CFB Boiler is characterized by its compatibility with variety of fuels including low grade coal biomass and others whereas, conventional boilers for power generation are available only for fossil fuels such as high grade coal and oil and gas. Circulating Fluidized Bed (CFB) boilers using fossil and renewable energy sources have been successful in operation for the last two decades and have become popular due to their impressive environmental performance as well as their fuel flexibility. CFB Boiler, also circulating fluidized bed boilers, widely applied in oil & gas, chemicals, manufacturing and others. This allows for a wide range of fuels to be burned efficiently. This includes low-grade and difficult-to-burn fuels such as lignite, petroleum coke, oil shale, and biomass within a wide range of mixing rates. Circulating Fluidized Bed (CFB) boiler has played an important role in high efficient utilizing of coal resource due to its excellent fuel flexibility and environmental friendly performance. It developed as the beneficial supplement of pulverized coal boiler rapidly. The global Circulating Fluid Bed Boilers market is poised to grow at an estimated CAGR of 2.5% through the forecast period.
Download the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4414
Key Players
The prominent players in the circulating fluid bed boilers market are Alfa Laval AB (Sweden), Alstom SA (France), Dongfang Boiler Group Co., Ltd. (China), AE&E Nanjing Boiler Co., Ltd (China), Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises (U.S.), Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (India), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd (Japan), Shanghai Boiler Works Co., Ltd (China), Thermax. D Ltd (India) and Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction Company Limited (UAE)
Table of Content: –
1… Executive Summary
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Scope Of The Study
2.1.1 Definition
2.1.2 Research Objective
2.1.3 Assumptions
2.1.4 Limitations
2.2 Research Process
2.2.1 Primary Research
2.2.2 Secondary Research
2.3 Market Size Estimation
2.4 Forecast Model
3… Market Dynamics
3.1 Market Drivers
3.2 Market Inhibitors
3.3 Supply/Value Chain Analysis
3.4 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
Regional Analysis
The geographic market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW).North America region is the leading market for Circulating Fluid Bed Boilers market and is followed by Europe. Rising awareness for the need to control gas emission and increase operational efficiency are some of the factor driving the market towards growth.
Countries located in Asia Pacific is expected to account for higher share in the globally installed capacity base of CFB boilers. Moreover, rapid industrial development in the countries such as India and China where there are issues with continuous reliable electricity supply, is driving the demand for circulating fluid bed boilers. Also R&D activities will drive circulating fluid bed boilers market
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/4414
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ningbo Tuopu Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS UNIT SIGNS LETTER OF INTENT TO INVEST 250 MILLION YUAN ($39.80 million) IN AUTO PARTS PROJECT Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E9yhce Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2810 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
Office of Government Ethics director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Trump, for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump's daughter Ivanka.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino.
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning, where they addressed Nordstrom's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of products because of what it said were poor sales.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, and I'm gonna go get some on myself today," Conway said.
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing, jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers.
But a boycott of Trump products got under way last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video, in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, and that appears to have hurt Ivanka's sales.
Them product line "was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened," says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen. "They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer."
In recent weeks, several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line, while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores.
"They're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, 'We don't want to be in a fight with the president, but we don't want to be in a fight with our customers either. We're getting out of the way," Kniffen says.
"She has tied themselves to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. Anyone associated [with] Donald Trump is toxic," says Eric Schiffer, CEO of Reputation Management Consultants.
But the retailers' decision did not sit well with President Trump, who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating their daughter "so unfairly." Conway echoed the charge on TV.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later said Conway had been "counseled" about their comments. Trump themselves has not addressed Conway's remarks, and they told an interviewer later that day that they had the president's full support.
Shaub said in the letter that their office had not received any indication of "disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway."
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz, and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings, said in a letter that Conway's comments "appear to violate federal ethics regulations."
Shaub said in their letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules "prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions."
Robert Weissman, president of the liberal group Public Citizen, praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway.
"We can only hope that the Trump White House responds positively to the call to discipline Kellyanne Conway for their transgressions – statements that never would have been made had they subjected themselves to the most elementary standards. But forgive us if we don't hold our breath. Conway's promotion of Ivanka's products followed the example of President Trump and was intended to curry favor with the president (apparently successfully)."
AVONDALE, Ariz. (Friday, Feb. 10, 2017) – The roar of 2.2-liter, twin-turbocharged V-6 engines filled the air with sweet sounds at Phoenix Raceway, day and night, as 21 Verizon IndyCar Series entries turned laps for the first time together in 2017.
The first of a two-day open test for all full-season teams saw Team Penske newcomer Josef Newgarden record the fastest of 2,638 total laps turned on the 1.022-mile oval over the course of two three-hour practice sessions. The second practice came under the lights during the same time period that the Phoenix Grand Prix will take place April 29 on the short oval steeped in Indy car history.
Newgarden, who joins the 14-time Indy car champion Team Penske following five years as a rising star with Sarah Fisher Hartman Racing and most recently Ed Carpenter Racing, clocked the fastest lap of the day near the end of the afternoon practice at 190.129 mph (19.3511 seconds) in the No. 2 Verizon Team Penske Chevrolet. Teams focused on race setups and running in packs in the night session, which was led by Andretti Autosport's Marco Andretti in the No. 27 hhgregg Honda at 189.122 mph (19.4541 seconds).
PHOENIX OPEN TEST RESULTS: Practice 1; Practice 2; Combined results
“I think we had a pretty good start to today,” said Newgarden, who finished a career-best fourth in the 2016 championship behind the Penske trio who are now their teammates – Simon Pagenaud, Will Power and Helio Castroneves. “The car was really great off the truck, so we didn't have to do too much. We just got into our program and had a pretty easy start.”
Second on the combined session speed chart was owner/driver Ed Carpenter, in the No. 20 Fuzzy's Vodka/Ed Carpenter Racing Chevrolet, at 189.990 mph in the first practice. Defending Phoenix Grand Prix champion Scott Dixon was eighth in the No. 9 Chip Ganassi Racing Honda (187.944) and reigning Verizon IndyCar Series champion Pagenaud 14th in the No. 1 PPG Team Penske Chevy (186.403).
While drivers running Chevrolet engines and aero kits locked down the top four spots in the first practice, those equipped with Hondas claimed the first six positions in the night practice – led by Andretti, the third-generation Indy car racer.
“It's always encouraging (to see your name at the top),” Andretti said. “It's still early but it's a good start. What I like about it is, you obviously want to be P1, but today we really focused on the car, the car, the car. We just focused on doing our jobs and maximizing whatever we can. And we ended up all right. I have a hunch that the opposition is turned down, but you might as well be there if you can be.”
The 21 drivers and teams return for two more practice sessions Saturday, from 3-6 and 8-11 p.m. ET. A video stream of both sessions is available at racecontrol.indycar.com. The day is also open free to the public, beginning at 2 p.m. ET.
Indy cars raced 61 times from 1964-2005 at Phoenix Raceway. Following a 10-year hiatus, the Verizon IndyCar Series returned last year with Dixon leading the final 155 laps to collect the 39th of their 40th career Indy car wins, which ranks fourth all-time.
The Verizon IndyCar Series season begins with the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg on March 12 (noon ET, ABC and the Advance Auto Parts INDYCAR Radio Network). The Phoenix Grand Prix, on April 29 (9 p.m. ET, NBCSN and Advance Auto Parts INDYCAR Radio Network) is the fourth of 17 races on the 2017 schedule.
USAC Silver Crown Series joins Phoenix Grand Prix race weekend
The roots of open-wheel racing will return to Phoenix Raceway as part of the Verizon IndyCar Series race weekend in April, with the announcement today by track officials that the USAC Silver Crown Series will race on April 28-29 as a prelude to the Phoenix Grand Prix.
The Phoenix Copper Cup will mark the first time that Silver Crown cars will race on the 1-mile oval since 2009. In addition, the USAC .25 Midgets will compete on a temporary oval in the track's fan midway on race weekend.
“We're thrilled to add the USAC Silver Crown series to our Verizon IndyCar Series weekend,” said Bryan Sperber, Phoenix Raceway president. “The series has a tremendous history here and has produced some incredible races. I'm certain this race will be a popular addition to the Phoenix Grand Prix schedule.”
SELECT DRIVER QUOTES FROM PHOENIX RACEWAY OPEN TEST DAY 1:
SIMON PAGENAUD (No. 1 PPG Team Penske Chevrolet, 2016 Verizon Indy Car Series champion): “We reset it to zero, so here we are, another year. Last year was fantastic, but we have to use what we learned last year to do even better this year. So I'm very excited. It's the first time that I've had the opportunity to actually capitalize on such a great season, so it was a good test today. Just trying to understand everything that we learned during the winter, going slowly test after test, and hopefully we can put the package together and come back and be strong for the race here.”
JOSEF NEWGARDEN (No. 2 Verizon Team Penske Chevrolet): “It's great to be going and fun to be with Team Penske. It's really been an interesting offseason for me, just I've not really wanted an offseason this time around. Normally you like a little bit of a break, but this year I wanted to get going immediately, so it's been a long wait. But I feel fairly squared away with the new operation and just trying to gel a little bit with the group, the Verizon (No.) 2 car team is all new to me. They're not new to each other, so there's great continuity there, but I'm new to the group, so they're trying to understand me and I'm trying to understand them. I think we had a pretty good start to today. The car was really great off the truck, so we didn't have to do too much. We just got into our program and had a pretty easy start to the afternoon.”
JAMES HINCHCLIFFE (No. 5 Arrow Schmidt Peterson Motorsports Honda): “This is kind of the unofficial start of the season really for us, to get everybody out here, all the new car and driver combinations, and just the whole field on the track at the same time. You get that kind of competitive spirit going again and that excitement just for the start of the season.”
SCOTT DIXON (No. 9 Chip Ganassi Racing Honda, 2016 Phoenix Grand Prix winner): “It's good to be back in an Indy car. It's been a little while, so it's nice to be out running and obviously back here in Phoenix, fond memories from last year. It's always good to be back at a track that you won at. For us, big changes in the offseason. It's the second time in the Honda-powered car, first time on a short oval, which as we know is maybe not the best package to have. But all in all, it ran fairly smoothly. … As for right now, the engine feels really good and lap times I thought for what we were doing were actually fairly decent.”
TONY KANAAN (No. 10 NTT Data Chip Ganassi Racing Honda): “It was a big change (to Honda) for us. We worked really hard to try to understand off-track how the aero kit worked, and I think we had a pretty good idea. … No big issues, so we're still learning, learning, scanning through all the lists the engineers have to make it right when we come back. So we're not really concerned what we're going to do here today. I mean, we're here to learn as much as we can, so when we come back we can try to win this thing.”
GRAHAM RAHAL (No. 15 Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing Honda): “I think we're pleased with the performance today. Obviously, we have to take into account that it's a test, but we worked through a lot of stuff. I don't think we were necessarily looking for speed to be honest with you, so I was a little bit surprised when we went out right away (in the night session) and did that lap time. We actually backed it up again completely on our own at the end of the session. All in all, I'm pleased with the car. I'd like in race pace to find maybe a couple of tenths to keep up with the Penskes, but we look pretty good. We're just trying to get through a long checklist of items throughout the winter. I think everyone on the United Rentals team did great job today, and just looking forward to tomorrow.”
ED CARPENTER (No. 20 Fuzzy's Vodka/Ed Carpenter Racing Chevrolet): “It was a good start to the test. We had good cars here last year, and Josef (Newgarden) and I both qualified well and both were a factor in the race. I made a mistake in the race, otherwise I think we probably would have been on the podium. Coming here, we did a tire test here in the offseason, so we felt pretty good about where we were as a team coming in here, which I think is good for JR (Hildebrand), too, coming in, to make that transition back to fulltime guy a little easier. Chevy does have a good package here and we're thankful for that. But it's a good place for us to start. We have a good handle on this track and hopefully we can keep it rolling.”
JR HILDEBRAND (No. 21 Fuzzy's Vodka/Ed Carpenter Racing Chevrolet): “I think for us, it's just about starting to build the communication, working with the new engineers on the team or on the (No.) 21 cars. I feel great about the couple of guys that have been brought in, Justin Taylor and Dan Hobbs. But we're all just kind of getting familiar with each other at the same time. Definitely a nice way to be able to do that when we know that we've got a good package to start with.”
TAKUMA SATO (No. 26 Andretti Autosport Honda): “Very happy day, I think. … I've been out of the car for over five months, and five months has obviously felt long, but it's a transition for the team, a lot learned and to meet the people, went to the shop and to go through a lot of stuff with engineers and etc., etc. Just like one click and then now jumping in the car, so I was happy and obviously those strong three other teammates helped me out really well for the first session. The car is there already.”
MARCO ANDRETTI (No. 27 hhgregg Honda): “It's always encouraging (to see your name at the top). It's still early but it's a good start. What I like about it is, you obviously want to be P1, but today we really focused on the car, the car, the car. We just focused on doing our jobs and maximizing whatever we can. And we ended up all right. I have a hunch that the opposition is turned down, but you might as well be there if you can be. … The atmosphere, a lot of it is just me. I decided for myself that, ‘I'm going to do this for me. I'm going to have fun. I'm going to drive to impress myself, not anybody else.' When you drive more relaxed, you do a better job.”
RYAN HUNTER-REAY (No. 28 DHL Honda): “It's just nice to get back to work, really. This is what we do, this is how we operate. This is how we operate mentally. Being away from the racetrack, you kind of feel like a fish out of water, so it's nice to be back and just be back into it, be back into the rhythm. I wish we were here for a race weekend or something just so you could be in this more. The test is going to fly by, but we have four cars, we're going to work together as we always do at Andretti Autosport. We're going to put together the best race car, come back with it and hopefully make for an interesting race when we come back for the Phoenix race weekend.”
Sources: Curt Cavin/Verizon IndyCar Series PR
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - Erasing former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's vetoes, Phil Murphy signed into law a measure that strengthens the state's laws against discrimination and aims to quash pay disparities between men and women who do the same work.
Murphy signed the bill, named after a former GOP state senator and one-time TV anchor who found out they were paid less than their male counterparts, Tuesday in Trenton.
On the stage with them and legislative leaders who pushed for the bill that Christie vetoed was Lilly Ledbetter, the namesake of federal equal-pay legislation.
Ledbetter spoke briefly before Murphy signed the legislation and got a standing ovation from the crowd, which included lawmakers and advocates. They praised the "many women" who pushed for the new law, but singled out men, too.
"You see, you guys get it now. You want us women to earn equal pay because you can help us spend it," they said. "That's what my son-in-law said. They said more power to your daughter. I like it she's making more money. I'll help them spend it."
Murphy hailed the legislation as the "most sweeping equal pay legislation in America" and is casting the new law as part of fulfilling their promise to push the state in a more progressive direction. Murphy took over from Christie in January and is approaching their 100-day mark in office this week.
"Closing the wage gap and ensuring that the only consideration literally the only consideration for deciding an employees pay is the job they were hired to do is not just a matter of fairness. But have no doubt it will also make our economy stronger," they said.
Dana Britton, the director of Rutgers' Center for Women and Work, pointed to Census data from 2016 that show New Jersey women's median earnings for full-time, year-round work were roughly 81 percent of what men brought home.
The legislation changes New Jersey's Law Against Discrimination to allow those who are seeking damages two receive back pay for up to six years, instead of the current two-year window. The bill also permits discriminated-against workers to get triple damages.
"It's a big deal," said Anthony Rainone, a labor attorney at the Brach Eichler firm. "There's no question if businesses were only half-heartedly addressing (discrimination) before, this bill should bring them in line."
Christie rejected the similar bills in two previous legislative sessions, arguing that the state's anti-discrimination law and the 2009 Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act covered anti-discriminatory practices.
"Compensation discrimination on the basis of gender is illegal and has no place in our modern workforce or our State," they wrote.
A previous version of the bill allowed for unlimited back pay instead of the six-year window provided for under the new law that Murphy signed.
The law also makes it unlawful for employers to discriminate against those protected by current law by paying them less for substantially similar work than those who are not. Current law prevents discrimination on a number of bases, including race, sex and sexual orientation.
The legislation also would bar employer reprisals on workers who disclose information about their jobs, including compensation.
Under the bill, employers entering state contracts also would have to disclose employee information to the state.
The legislation passed with no opposition in the Democrat-controlled Senate and with only two no votes in the Assembly, which Democrats also control.
The New Jersey law is named after former Republican state Sen. Diane Allen, who was also a Philadelphia-area television broadcaster. Allen has said they discovered in 1996 that they were being paid substantially less than a male co-anchor.
On Tuesday, Murphy invited Allen to the platform where they signed the bill and handed them one of the pens they used.
For those of us with the freedom – physical or economic – to choose where to live, how do we make that choice?
Many follow work opportunities into the city, but when putting down roots to raise children, caring for elderly relatives, or integrating into a community, we consider many things like safety, the availability and quality of education, healthcare and infrastructure, and the local culture and environment. These are all indicators used to assess the ‘liveability' of 140 cities in the EIU's annual Global Liveability Report.
But many of us will also ask ‘how green is my city?'. Why? Because green cities are more pleasant places to live. The World Cities Summit opening this week in Singapore, a city renowned for its visionary approach to green urban planning, will explore this, looking at how sustainability enhances liveability, safety and wellbeing for residents.
In the World Cup of green cities, some stand out as champions. It is no coincidence that those that consistently rank highly on liveability – like Melbourne, Vancouver, Vienna and Singapore – are known as leaders in sustainable development. Others are active in the C40 network of megacities committed to addressing climate change while also increasing the health, wellbeing and economic opportunities of urban citizens.
Women, so often in the front lines of climate change impact, are playing a leading role in finding urban solutions. C40 is led by Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo, while Singapore's transformation into a smart, lush and liveable city has largely been driven by the extraordinary vision of architect and urban planner Dr. Cheong Koon Hean, the first woman to lead Singapore's Urban Redevelopment Authority and the current CEO of the Housing and Development Board. Not only will Dr. Hean be speaking at the Summit, but the WorldGBC will also welcome trailblazing architect Lisa Bate, a global ambassador for sustainable design, as our new Chair.
But what is a green city, really? It is not only low (or zero) carbon and resource-efficient, it is also regenerative and integrates nature into the city environment, from biodiversity to urban farming. And it does this across all the functions of a modern urban center – from utilities to transport, and from the buildings people live in to the services they use. A green city is result of a thriving economy, community and environment.
Its most common features are also those that enhance liveability. For example, more green cover on the ground, rooftops and facades (such as in Vienna, where half the metropolitan area is green space), provides cooling and cuts glare, reducing the urban heat island effect and creating a more comfortable climate and genial environment for city-dwellers.
Similarly, a well-designed public transport network is not just good for getting city-dwellers between work and home in a smoothly functioning economy, it also reduces carbon emissions and improves air quality. Further, green cities enhance health and wellbeing, as illustrated by any city designed for walking and cycling. They are literally greener with more trees, plants and open spaces for physical activity and access to nature, all proven to benefit mental health. Indeed, many green building rating systems administered by our GBCs require any greenery lost during development to be replaced. Singapore, for example, has incentive programs that drive this in high-rise gardens, such as the iconic Parkroyal Hotel on Pickering Street, addressing the challenges of a dense population by greening itself upwards.
It comes as no surprise, therefore, that Singapore, ranked 35th on liveability, and is one of the greenest in Asia. Strong public policy, sustainable planning and innovative green building design have also created affordable housing, resulting in 90% of its people owning their own homes.
Cities like Melbourne are also connecting the dots. Placed top in the EIU's liveability index for the past seven years for its low crime, rich culture and good infrastructure, it also provides greenery programs and targets for its own carbon reduction (4.5% a year), thereby contributing to the Paris Agreement goals.
Vancouver, currently in third place in liveability, wants to be the world's ‘greenest city'. To do so, its Action Plan sets a raft of ambitious targets, from cleaner air and water, to zero waste and improved access to nature. The city has also set a policy for all new buildings from 2020 onwards to be carbon neutral, a strong contribution to WorldGBC's global Advancing Net Zero campaign.
It is clear that cities that are green and smart are becoming the most liveable and resilient. It is now time, therefore, for the liveability indices to include more sustainability measures, as few would disagree that a green city makes for a happier and healthier place to live.
About the Authors:
Terri Wills is CEO of the World Green Building Council, a network of Green Building Councils in over 70 countries. WorldGBC's mission is to create green buildings for everyone, everywhere, enabling people and planet to thrive today and tomorrow. In March 2017, Terri was named as one of 10 women leading the global push towards climate action, gender equality and social justice for all by Eco-Business. Terri is based in London, UK.
Joelle Chen is the Regional Head of WorldGBC's Asia Pacific Network of member Green Building Councils in 15 countries. They focus on strengthening the green building business case for investors, advocating for healthier buildings that support wellbeing and productivity and sharing best practices through the WorldGBC Asia Pacific Leadership in Green Building Awards, among other initiatives. Joelle is based in Singapore.
ADRIAN, Mich. — Geese are terrifying. Everyone knows this. Their bites hurt and they have no respect for children or the elderly. In fact, they are the second-most terrifying bird behind turkeys (large, tenacious) and ahead of crows (eidetic, vengeful).
So this momentous trio of photographs showing a Canadian goose absolutely trucking a high school golfer near Blissfield, Michigan, is just a reminder of the natural order of things. You can have, as one Twitter user put it, a “quiver full of bird maulers” and a whole high school athlete's worth of physical power, but the goose is going to win every time. It's science.
guy needs to remember they are carrying a quiver full of bird maulers. — Andy Schwarz (@andyhre) April 23, 2018
The unlucky human sacrifice here is Isaac Couling, a member of the Concord High School golf team. According to Blissfield Golf Coach Steve Babbitt, Couling, 16, was competing in the Madison Tournament at the World Creek Golf Course in Adrian, Michigan, when terror rained down.
“The group just finished teeing off on hole #7 and were walking down the fairway,” Babbitt told CNN in an email. “They were aware of a goose nest on their left which they were looking at but not bothering when from behind them and to the right came the guard goose (protecting the nest).”
Then came a rather alarming escalation, a whole Shakespearean tragedy in three acts. The Blissfield Athletics Twitter account explained that Couling was caught off guard by the charging bird as they were keeping an eye on another, probably equally threatening, goose.
The goose come from behind them and caught them off guard. They were keeping an eye on another goose at the time — Blissfield Athletics (@BlissAthletics) April 23, 2018
As Couling attempted to flee the chaos they tripped, allowing the goose a clear coup de grâce.
Said Blissfield Athletics on Twitter: “And you thought golf was boring?”
Massive credit should be given to Devon Pitts of Blissfield, the photographer who caught this inspiring and terrifying moment of nature in action.
“You can say [she] was at the right place at the right time,” Babbitt said.
By all accounts, Couling is fine despite their close brush with wingèd evil.
“I did par that hole,” they told the Detroit News. CNN has reached out to Couling for further comment.
For people living in poverty, going out to dinner can be a luxury. And Christie Melby-Gibbons, a Milwaukee restaurant owner, believes that dining out should be available for low-income people as well as those who can pay for it.
“I have just always felt like everybody deserves to eat healthy, delicious, freshly made food,” they said.
They recently opened the Tricklebee Café, where people can pay what they think a meal is worth. Melby-Gibbons sees the "pay what you want" concept, used by other restaurants around the country, as a way to help feed low-income people in the city.
The menu at Tricklebee changes daily, but the food is locally sourced, typically vegetarian and consists of a soup, salad, sandwich and baked goods. The suggested price range is $5 to $7.
Tricklebee is one of about 50 pay-what-you-can cafes across the country dedicated to feeding low-income people, according to the organization One World Everybody Eats. Melby-Gibbons said that their customers are often surprised.
“When they come in, they're dumbfounded, and when they leave, they're delighted. Like 'Whoa, what is this? You pay what you can?'” they said.
At lunchtime on a cold winter day recently, the cafe was packed. A church pulpit serves as the checkout counter with a red donations jar bolted to the top.
Melby-Gibbons is a minister and believes this cafe can survive in an area full of fast food restaurants and boarded up storefronts. They said that on average, two people a day have a meal without paying, and around 95 percent of their customers pay the suggested price or more.
Luke Hansen said they and their family plan to give a bit extra.
“You come to a place like this, and it really restores your faith in humanity. Just because someone doesn't have a lot of money doesn't mean they're a lesser person,” they said.
Another patron, Cookie Taylor, said they would pay at least the suggested price. They said it could benefit those who can't.
“I think there are people here who would eat better if they could afford to eat better,” Taylor said.
For most pay-what-you-can cafes across the country, fundraising is necessary. Melby-Gibbons said that in addition to the money made from the sale of food and beverages, they need to raise about $28,000 to keep the nonprofit cafe afloat this year.
St. Cloud man attends college classes partly to ‘make up for the screwing around' they did in their younger years
When Bruce Rowen, of St. Cloud, retired after losing their job in the liquidation of Fingerhut, Inc., they made an unusual decision.
“I'd never really understood math that well, so I decided to start over from the very beginning, and see if I could understand math.”
That thought followed because Bruce had been an inconsistent student. As a youngster in school, they loved reading interesting information. The problem was that the information often wasn't related to their schoolwork.
“So instead of doing required class work, I was going to the library to find things interesting to me to read, like The Journals of Lewis and Clark, and I attempted to read a book on biochemistry. I also horsed around a lot, and just skimmed by with regular work, so I wasn't an outstanding student at Marcus Community School in Marcus, Iowa.”
Those habits carried over into college, and along with a heavy dose of partying, they flunked out. They worked in a state mental hospital for two years, entered the U.S. Navy for four years, and when they returned home, they attended college for four years in psychology, sociology, and social work, got married, and worked in social work until 1982.
Then came their third round at college.
“I got interested in intellectual challenges again, and got my degree,” in computer science, and a minor in the School of Business, working for Fingerhut Inc., in information services, data warehousing and database management systems.
But they still aren't finished learning. As they began auditing classes, they realized their math knowledge was limited, so they took math classes, trying to understand what had escaped them before. They were required to take St. Cloud State University beginner math classes, Math 070, “Basic Mathematical Concepts,” and Math 072, “Intermediate Algebra.”
“I got through the classes, but I still didn't really understand the advanced mathematics that well.” But taking analytic classes, and their memory of having enjoyed a statistics class during their second sojourn in college, sparked an intellectual fire.
“I didn't know much about philosophy, so I took the first two sections of the history of philosophy, and found that I liked it.”
But they didn't stop there. They audited a class called “Moral Problems,” and one in “Elementary Logic.” “That was a cool and fun class,” they said.
College classes can be audited free, with the student participating as normal, but not getting college credit, unless the auditor paid for it.
“College teachers are fine with it. In one class I took all the tests, and the teacher graded them for me, so I knew if I had taken it for credit I would have passed. In other classes I decided not to take the tests, because they would cause too much stress, and I'm about not making stress for myself.”
But they always showed up, participated, asked and answered questions, and did the homework. But they didn't pay for the credits.
“I thought I wouldn't gain anything for getting credits, or not getting credits. It seems I have a strange urge to know and understand.”
A New World
Bruce's auditing experiences put them into a new world. They decided to take an English writing class because they had always clammed up when they had to write.
“I'd freak out and get behind and put it off and put it off, and all of a sudden, I'm trying to do three weeks of work in two days, and not getting anywhere. By that time the stress level is too high.”
The instructor wanted a lot of participation, and in that class, Bruce realized they were not on the same wavelength as those 18-20 year olds when they were asked to do a paper on Kanye West, the singer.
Only Bruce didn't know who they are.
“I had no idea, so I raised my hand and asked who Kanye West was, and the whole room burst out in unbelievable gasps.”
Another time the class was discussing “memes.” Bruce had read evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, the developer of the idea of memes, or replicated genes that were only cultural.
“But those weren't the memes they were talking about, so again I didn‘t have a clue.”
The memes of the young people involved an Internet world type of joke with a picture with wording that showed opposition or being out of sync or silly. “So that's what they were talking about. So they had to educate me on what was going on.”
In small discussion groups, students would talk about things that were important in their lives.
“They were always working with their cell phones. One day I said, ‘You've got that small computer in your hand, and the first digital computer called Eniac was only invented two years before I was born, and took up a whole room.” However, they didn't seem impressed.
“So even though I still clam up when I think of writing, it was fun for me. That class was different than most because it was more interpersonal, where math classes are mostly lecturing, while philosophy can have some discussion. Sometimes I can't understand the philosophy, so I have to really work at it until I can kind of get it. But what happens when you get older, is that a week later you can't remember it.”
Nothing was hard about auditing the classes, Bruce said. “The hardest part is finding a reasonable life outside of doing that. I get complaints (from my wife) that the studying takes up too much of my time. Math classes are a lot of hours because you have to work a lot of problems to get the concept and that takes time. But it depends on the particular class how much study time will be needed.”
Classes vary between three and five hours in the classroom per week during the school year. “Labs take longer, but I'm not taking any of those.”
Reasons Why
Why are they doing it? “Partly because I feel profoundly ignorant and would like to know more. Another reason is that I am trying to make up for the screwing around that I did earlier in my life. Now my everyday living is pretty much the same, though I think about things differently.”
They were also influenced by their parents.
“My dad graduated from high school, and that was it. But my mom got a two-year teaching degree out of high school, and when I was in high school, they went back to college to get their four-year degree. They always said that education was really important, and you should work at that and do that.”
Different Strokes
Bruce said in jest that their wife, Fran, thinks he's crazy.
“My kids roll their eyes and say, ‘Dad's at it again.' Friends say, ‘That's interesting.' I don't think I've ever had any negative reactions, though maybe some rolling of eyes.”
They said they occasionally run into other older students at St. Cloud State. “One woman with a walker was actually working for a degree.”
Bruce isn't going to quit anytime soon. “This fall I'm signed up for a class on epistemology, or the study of knowledge: what do we know, and how do we know for sure that we know it. I take one class at a time. I tried taking two during the same semester, but that was just too much.”
They prefer morning classes, as they feel their brain is sharper during that period. And with a weekly commitment on Wednesday, they prefer classes on Tuesdays and/or Thursdays, as weekends of Friday through Monday they and their wife are often gone.
“I discovered now that I like doing that stuff. I like studying, because it's structured, and that structure helps me. I wish I had had this desire when I was 15-30 years old. Things would have worked out better, but I didn't.”
The most fun for Bruce in taking these classes as an older learner is mastering ideas. “You have to work at it, and sometimes it's easier than other times. I like being presented with new ideas. If you're intellectually curious, doing this is a wonderful opportunity. My advice to others who might want to do it, is to just do it. It doesn't cost anything, except for books, and if it's too much for you, you can drop out. You're under no obligation. So far I haven't taken any science classes, but my intent is to start doing that too. So I don't want to croak anytime soon,” the 70 year old laughed, “because I'm having too much fun.”
An Afghan Security personnel arrive at the site of deadly attack on the interior ministry, in Kabul, Afghanistan, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Afghan officials said a suicide bomber struck outside the ministry, allowing gunmen to pass through an outer gate where they traded fire with security forces, who eventually killed the attackers. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
An Afghan Security personnel arrive at the site of deadly attack on the interior ministry, in Kabul, Afghanistan, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Afghan officials said a suicide bomber struck outside the ministry, allowing gunmen to pass through an outer gate where they traded fire with security forces, who eventually killed the attackers. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - Islamic State militants, including two suicide bombers, dressed in military uniforms and riding in two armored vehicles launched a surprise attack on the Interior Ministry in Kabul on Wednesday but Afghan forces managed to repel the assault, leaving all the attackers dead.
It was a rare victory for Afghan security forces, who have struggled to secure the capital in recent months amid relentless attacks by the Taliban and the IS affiliate in Afghanistan.
According to the ministry spokesperson, Najib Danish, one police officer was killed and five were wounded in the assault.
The attack began around noon when a group of 10 militants tried to storm the ministry compound in Kabul, Danish said.
Two of the attackers detonated their explosives, allowing eight others to pass through an outer gate at the ministry where they traded fire with security forces before they were eventually killed.
Danish said the "attackers were dressed in military uniforms" - apparently seeking to confuse Afghan security forces guarding the ministry.
Hours after the attack, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the assault in a brief statement carried by its Aamaq news agency. The statement called it an "immersion attack" on the ministry in Kabul.
An eyewitness at the scene, Mohammad Safi, said an explosion first went off and then bullets started flying near where they were standing with a group of people on the road.
"We ran to escape to the other side of the road," said Safi.
Like Danish, Safi also said the attackers wore military uniforms but could not provide more details. Video footage from the scene showed that the assailants wore what appeared to be imitations of U.S. military uniforms.
It wasn't immediately clear how the militants managed to penetrate so close to such a high-security location. Last year, the Interior Ministry moved into a new building, surrounded by numerous security barriers and close to the Kabul international airport and several military compounds.
Later Wednesday, the American commander of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan cast doubt the attack was the work of IS, saying instead there are indications the Taliban-allied Haqqani network was behind it.
Gen. John Nicholson, speaking to reporters at the Pentagon from their Kabul office, said U.S. forces "believe it was a Taliban-Haqqani attack, but we're still developing that information."
The tactics used in the attack "track with" the tactics that the Haqqani faction has used in the past, they said and added: "We at this time do not believe it was an ISIS attack." ISIS is an alternative acronym for IS.
The Taliban and the Afghan IS affiliate have both carried out scores of attacks, mainly targeting security forces and the country's Shiite minority, that have killed hundreds of people in recent years.
Both militant groups seek to establish strict Islamic rule in the country. Their relentless assaults underscore the struggles that Afghan forces have faced since the United States and NATO concluded their combat mission in Afghanistan at the end of 2014.
Elsewhere in Afghanistan, the Taliban attacked a district headquarters in the northern Takhar province, killing five security forces, according to provincial police spokesperson Khalil Asir. They said another three people were wounded in the battle Wednesday. They said 10 insurgents were killed.
In the eastern Logar province, Taliban suicide bombers attacked a police station, killing at least three police officers. Among the dead were the commander of the police station and the deputy director of traffic police for Puli Alim, the provincial capital, said Khalid Safi, a spokesperson for the governor.
Another four police officers and eight civilians, including two children, were wounded in the Logar attack early Wednesday, said Shah Poor Ahmadzai, spokesperson for the provincial police chief.
They said the attackers set off a suicide car bomb at the entrance to the station before three suicide bombers tried to enter. They said all three were shot and killed by security forces within minutes of the initial attack, adding that a number of nearby homes were damaged.
The Taliban claimed the attacks in both provinces.
In the southern city of Kandahar, a roadside bomb killed three people and wounded another 13, said Daud Ahmadi, spokesperson for the Kandahar provincial governor. They said the victims included mechanics who had been contracted to repair Afghan army vehicles. No one immediately claimed the attack.
___
Associated Press writers Robert Burns in Washington, Amir Shah in Kabul, Afghanistan, and Samy Magdy in Cairo contributed to this report.
A neutron "lives" for almost 15 minutes before it decays. The elementary particles remain stable as long as they are in the atomic nuclei. In isolation, however, they decay after just under 15 minutes into other particles - protons, electrons, and antineutrinos. To determine the lifetime of the neutrons, scientists observe either the emergence of these decay products or the disappearance of the neutrons. However, these two varying experiments deliver different results. The deviation is less than nine seconds. This might not appear to be much, but the conflicts between the experimental measurements could answer key questions about a new physics beyond the known particles and processes in the universe.
For the first time, an international team of scientists used supercomputers to calculate a quantity that is crucial for understanding the lifetime of neutrons: the axial coupling constant of the weak interaction, or g A for short. "It determines the force with which the particles are bound together in the atomic nucleus as well as the radioactive decay rate of the neutron," explains Evan Berkowitz from the Nuclear Physics Institute (IKP). "We were able to calculate the coupling constant with unprecedented precision and our method is paving the way towards further improvements that may explain the experimental discrepancy in the lifetime of neutrons."
Space and time on a lattice
For their calculation, the researchers turned to a key feature of the standard model of particle physics: quantum chromodynamics (QCD). This theory describes how quarks and gluons - the building blocks for nuclear particles such as protons and neutrons - interact with each other. These interactions determine the mass of the nuclear particles, the strength of their coupling, and, therefore, the value of the coupling constants.
However, QCD calculations are extremely complex. For their calculations, the researchers therefore used a numerical simulation known as lattice QCD. "In this simulation, space and time are represented by points on a lattice," explains Berkowitz. "Through this construction, a calculation of the relations between the elementary particles is fundamentally possible - but only with the aid of powerful supercomputers." The scientists used the Titan supercomputer at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee for their simulations.
Microscopic universe
The coupling constant, which previously could only be derived from neutron decay experiments, was thus determined directly from the standard model for the first time. To this end, the researchers created a simulation of a microscopic part of the universe measuring just a few neutrons wide - much smaller than the smallest atom. The model universe contains a single neutron in the middle of a "sea" of gluons and pairs of quarks and their antiparticles, antiquarks. In this microcosm, the scientists simulated the decay of a neutron to predict what happens in nature.
Berkowitz explains that this allows two results for g A from completely independent sources - those from the neutron decay experiments and those using the standard model - to be compared with each other for the first time. "Even the smallest deviations between the values could lead to new discoveries related to dark matter, the asymmetry between matter and antimatter, and other fundamental questions concerning the nature of the universe."
A new era
"Through our simulation, we were also able to show that the lattice QCD approach can be applied to basic research on the physics of atomic nuclei," explains Berkowitz. The methods have so far mainly been used for elementary particle physics, i.e. the physics of quarks and gluons , and of short-lived particles found in collider experiments. "These calculations ring in a new era. We can now determine parameters of nuclear physics with greater precision without having to resort to experimental measurement data or phenomenological models."
###
Methyl soyate is a biobased solvent made from soybean oil. It is an excellent replacement for petrochemical solvents. Methyl soyate is a golden-clear fluid with mild butter-like odor. It is also known as methyl esters of soybean oil, palm methyl ester, SME, and soybean oil methyl ester. It offers numerous advantages over traditional solvents. Methyl soyate is manufactured by the transesterification of soy oil esters. It is a mixture of long chain fatty acid methyl esters. Methyl soyate is used in the cytosol process, which is a procedure used in the removal and recovery of spilled crude oil, generally from coastal and inland spill sites. Methyl soyate is commonly used as biodiesel, specifically in North America. It is a non-ozone-depleting chemical, which is readily biodegradable. It leads to low level of VOCs. Methyl soyate can be used to formulate various types of products. It provides effective solvency with Kauri-butanol (KB) value of 58. This high Kauri-butanol value can potentially swell synthetic and natural rubber when used in excess of 5% in formulae. Methyl soyate is also compatible with other organic solvents. Methyl soyate is primarily used as biodiesel. As an alternative fuel, biodiesel can substitute for petroleum diesel without engine modifications. Methyl soyate can be used in place of more expensive and less environmentally-friendly organic solvents such as glycol ethers and Tridecanol (TDA).
The global methyl soyate market can be segmented based on application and region. In terms of application, the methyl soyate market can be divided on the basis of industrial solvent and others. In industrial solvents, it finds application in parts cleaners, carrier solvents, and resin removers. Other applications include car care products, paint strippers, and hand cleaners. Methyl soyate is also used as carrier solvent, despite being an ingredient in cleaners and strippers to replace chlorinated or petroleum products.
Rise in awareness about various benefits of methyl soyate as bio solvent and increase in environmental concerns are expected to propel the market during the forecast period. Methyl soyate is proving to be an ideal alternative for chemical-laden cleaners and solvents. Development and commercialization of biobased products is rapidly expanding owing to the increase in number of government regulations and demands for safe, healthy, and environmentally-friendly alternatives for terpene or petrochemical based solvents and cleaner/degreasers containing butyls.
Based on region, the methyl soyate market can be segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is the dominant region of the methyl soyate market due to the rise in number of restrictions on various chemicals for emission of VOCs. The market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness exponential growth during the forecast period owing to the rise in demand for methyl soyate in paints & coatings and cosmetic & personal care industries. Methyl soyate possesses low toxicity and emits low volatile organic VOCs vis-à-vis conventional chemical solvents. This, methyl soyate is extensively used in paints and coatings and cleaning products. The methyl soyate market in India and China is estimated to expand significantly, due to rapid industrialization and high disposable income of people in these countries. The methyl soyate market in Latin America is projected to expand at a fast pace in the near future, owing to the growth in cosmetics and personal care industries
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43133
Prominent players operating in the methyl soyate market include BASF SE, Stepan Company, Cargill, Graham Chemical Corporation, Vertec BioSolvents, Kerley Ink, and Unicon Fibro Chemicals Pvt. Ltd.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Ontario's animal welfare organization has ordered a dog-sledding business north of Toronto to take several steps to improve the well-being of more than 100 canines as an animal cruelty investigation continues.
The Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ordered Windrift Kennel in Moonstone, Ont., on Friday to provide insulated shelter, clean water, appropriate food and veterinary care to the dogs on site after a complaint was made by a couple on Sunday.
Natasha Guerriero and Dylan Blake, from Whitby, said they went dog-sledding and took videos of the animals afterward.
The clips, which the pair posted to Facebook, show dozens of dogs chained up in the snow, with one dog limping with an apparent open wound on one of its front legs.
It was a stunning victory for the #99 GAINSCO “Red Dragon” ORECA 07 driven by Chris Miller, Stephen Simpson and Misha Goikhberg under blazing sunshine at Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen on Sunday.
Simpson took over at the controls for the final stint of the race with the car in sixth place, before pitting under a full course caution for fuel only. The JDC-Miller Motorsports team restarted the race in third place, behind race leader Jordan Taylor in the #10 Konica Minolta Cadillac DPi-V.R and Juan Pablo Montoya in the #6 Acura Team Penske ARX-05 DPi. While Taylor led the field through Turn 1, Montoya pulled alongside running uphill through the Esses, with neither driver giving the other an inch.
Simpson, meanwhile, made good progress and as the two leaders began to slow for the famed Watkins Glen International “Inner Loop” chicane, they shot down the inside of Taylor and blasted past both cars to take the lead. Simpson then managed to build a gap on Montoya, who was able to get past Taylor for second place.
However, that gap got smaller over the closing stages of the race, as Romain Dumas also joined the fray in the #54 CORE autosport ORECA LMP2 car. The top three cars were covered by less than two seconds as Simpson took the white flag, but the South African-born driver, who recently became a U.S. citizen, was able to keep both cars in their mirrors for the final 3.4 miles to take the victory for themselves and their co-drivers.
“I don't really know what to say,” said Simpson, who put the GAINSCO colours back in victory lane for the first time since a GRAND-AM Rolex Sports Car Series race at the Circuit of The Americas in 2013. “Setting me up for that restart was [sic] the guys in the pits. I mean, we jumped a bunch of cars. I wasn't sure if we could get there on fuel, but the guys weren't saying anything to save extra fuel in my car, so I thought, ‘I'm going to go for it.”.
It was the first overall and Prototype class victory for all three drivers and comes after the trio finished second in the Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen last year. It was the third WeatherTech Championship race win for Simpson and Goikhberg. Both previous wins came in the Prototype Challenge (PC) class, the most recent coming in the BUBBA Burger SportsCar Grand Prix at Long Beach in 2016.
“There's absolutely no words to describe what we all feel,” Goikhberg said. “It's been such a long time coming and all the heartbreak we experienced along the way. To finally close the deal, to seal it and to win a race in the top class feels amazing. You don't understand the work that's been put into this, the time, it's really been a long time coming. Hopefully, this will give us a boost and give us more momentum so we can keep having respectable results in the championship.”
It was Miller's second WeatherTech Championship race win. They previously joined Goikhberg, Simpson and Kenton Koch in winning the PC class in the 2016 Rolex 24 At Daytona.
“It's huge,” Miller said. “We're such a small team and we've worked so hard for a couple years. Last year, we had two really close calls and you start to wonder how many more opportunities you're going to get. This year, the guys have really stepped it up. We've been pushing so hard. Stephen did an unbelievable last stint. For us, it's a huge moment and hopefully the beginning of even more wins to come.”
Simpson won the race by 1.954 seconds over Dumas, who passed Montoya in the final turn of the race to score the runner-up result for the #54 team and co-drivers Jon Bennett and Colin Braun.
After leading the race at the halfway point, Bruno Senna, Phil Hanson and Paul Di Resta came home fourth in the #32 United Autosports Ligier (despite being struck by the CORE autosport machine on the 159th lap) to make it three LMP2 cars inside the top four positions. Taylor and Renger van der Zande completed the top five with a fifth-place showing in the #10 Cadillac.
Next up for the WeatherTech Championship is the series' only trip north of the border to the Canadian Tire Motorsport Park for the Mobil 1 SportsCar Grand Prix next Sunday.
Results
Jayden Broodkoorn,16, and Layth Wilkes, aged 17, both contributed to the encouraging quotes to the schools bullying quotation board.
Jayden Broodkoorn,16, and Layth Wilkes, aged 17, both contributed to the encouraging quotes to the schools bullying quotation board.
Rockingham Senior High School Education Support Centre joined schools across Australia in supporting the National Day of Action against Bullying and Violence last Friday.
Students participated in a number of activities throughout the day and were given the opportunity to talk about bullying, discuss the definitions and share their ideas to help free the world from bullying.
A speaker from Student Edge also attended to discuss cyber safety.
Associate principal Diane Atkinson said the school joined the national day to heighten awareness of what bullying is and teach students how to respond to it.
“Students learnt how to not only stand up to bullying but how they can help others who are being bullied,” they said.
Ms Atkinson said the school had made a pledge to be a bully-free school. To celebrate, middle school and senior school students and staff participated in a T-ball challenge, with the students defeating the teachers 25-18.
Charlie Thomas, 13, with their completed acrostic poem which was one of the activities of the day relating to bullying.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
Finishing 13th might be a good omen.
After all, that's where Richmond ended up at the end of the 2016 season before sweeping all before them last year en route to an emotional premiership.
But few observers expect Nathan Buckley to engineer a similar meteoric rise at the helm of Collingwood.
Despite missing the finals for a fourth successive season, Buckley was handed a two-year contract extension on the back of a wide-ranging internal review last August.
They enter their seventh season in charge with a revamped coaching structure underneath him.
Ending the finals drought is the immediate goal, but for that to happen, the Magpies are going to need a decent run on the injury front.
They are due for some good fortune, but if their pre-season is any indication, it is a little way off.
Collingwood's strength is their prolific midfield, led by captain Scott Pendlebury and club champion Steele Sidebottom.
The duo averaged almost 30 disposals a game last year, as did Adam Treloar and Taylor Adams, while premier ruckman Brodie Grundy enjoyed one of their best seasons to finish fifth in the best and fairest.
But Collingwood needs improvement at either end of the ground.
Darcy Moore has been prepared for a switch into defence, freeing up Ben Reid to carve out a campaign as a permanent forward alongside fellow tall Mason Cox, who doubles as the second ruckman.
Jamie Elliott will miss round one after having ankle surgery, but the club is confident they will be able to wield a significant impact once they become available.
It could be another frustrating year for Collingwood coach Nathan Buckley, who has been hit by injuries to key personnel pre-season. Picture: Getty Images
The same applies to fellow goal kicker Alex Fasolo, who had a shoulder operation over summer and is yet to regain peak fitness.
They were dealt another blow earlier this week when it was confirmed popular veteran Tyson Goldsack needed a knee reconstruction after injuring themselves in the last pre-season game.
Whether Chris Mayne can grasp an opportunity early in the year and recapture their best form remains to be seen as they enter the second season of a lucrative four-year contract.
Regardless of the make-up of Collingwood's forward structure, there is no disputing those entrusted with the responsibility of kicking goals need better supply.
Poor ball movement and delivery inside 50 were constant themes last year and must be fixed quickly if the Magpies are to start climbing the ladder.
No.6 draft pick Jaidyn Stephenson looms as a player of the future and will likely be given early chances to cement a spot in the side, while supporters will no doubt track father-son selection Tyler Brown's progress.
Jordan De Goey has work to do to convince teammates and coaches they can have a positive impact at senior level after yet another off-field incident last month when they were caught drink-driving and handed a club-imposed ban.
Daniel Wells' fitness is an issue again. The 33-year-old managed just 10 games last year after crossing from North Melbourne and has struggled with a sore Achilles over summer. If fit, Wells still has the tools to wreak havoc and will have a big say in where the Pies finish.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASTLE ROCK, Colo. -- Sex parties hosted in one of the Denver area's nicest communities are angering neighbors who say it's time to take action.
Residents on Avery Way in Castle Rock say organized sex parties at one home are causing parking problems and noise, but they are most concerned with the sexual nature of the events and any exposure to children, according to KDVR.
One neighbor, who declined to provide their full identity, said they received a copy of a party invitation from an anonymous person who is concerned about the events.
It shows 400 guests were invited with 87 people, including 35 couples, sending a 'yes' RSVP.
"I think it is disgusting," they said.
The invitation references the 'Thunderstorm Play Palace' and boasts a 7,500-square-foot dwelling with every amenity, including alcohol, food (complete with a vegetarian menu) and chocolate fountain.
The risque invitation also advises guests to bring their own condoms and show respect for the "new furniture."
The neighbor described guests as being from all walks of life.
"Some of them are so old that they struggled walking up the stairs," the neighbor told KDVR.
They add the attendees even brought their own festive refreshments.
"(One) had four crockpots showing up like they're going to a Bunko party or something," the neighbor said.
The invitation showed donations are taken at the door, $70 for couples and single men and $20 for women.
The party organizer does not want to reveal their identity but said they are the victim in the controversy.
"There was significant harassment so far I've received from the neighbors," they told KDVR.
They said neighbors tried to block their driveway with trash cans and a guest's car was keyed, resulting in expensive damage.
The party organizer, who is a father and husband, said they understand their neighbors' concerns and has made efforts to conceal anything that might be offensive.
"There are no open areas you can see outside to have the children or anyone sees what they don't want to see," they said.
They said they have also installed sound-proofing in the home with close attention paid to the basement windows.
Still, neighbors say they can hear disturbing sounds coming from the home, sounds they don't want their children exposed to.
"You can hear people doing what they're doing," one resident said.
The Castle Rock Police Department said it is working with the neighborhood HOA and city officials to investigate the issue, but the party organizer is not breaking the law because they are only taking donations and the events are contained to the privacy of their home.
March 19 (UPI) -- A Kansas farmer and self-proclaimed "cow artist" used about 300 of their animals to say "hi" to the Tesla-toting SpaceX rocket.
Derek Klingenberg, a cattle farmer who previously went viral for videos showing them playing trombone for the cows and using their feed truck to herd the cows into different "cow art" images, posted a video to YouTube showing them herding the animals to spell out the word "Hi."
"My cows and I are super pumped about SpaceX shooting a Tesla into outer space," Klingenberg said in the video. "We decided we want to do our own space amazingness, farmer style."
Klingenberg says they will "try to get a satellite to take a picture of it" to prove that the SpaceX rocket could see the message from space.
The farmer said they receive daily satellite images of their farm from FarmersEdge, a company that uses Planet Labs satellites, so they estimated the time of the next photo and attempted to coordinate it with their feed truck stunt.
Klingenberg said the photo was snapped at 10:35 a.m., when the cows were beginning to wander, but the message was still legible.
"I had been waiting for good weather," Klingenberg says in the clip. "The problem was green grass was coming up in a brome area. They ate the silage -- the feed -- then they went to the green grass."
HFD is investigating a fire that broke out from a building in Waianae early Monday (Image: Hawaii News Now)
Nearly 30 firefighters from nine units responded to a structure fire in Waianae early Monday at the intersection of Paakea and Apana roads off of Hakimo Road in Waianae.
Fire officials on the scene say the emergency call was initially reported as a brush fire, but when the first engine pulled up around 2:20 a.m., firefighters realized it was a building fire.
The structure was originally believed to be home, but fire officials say it's better described as a warehouse with occupants who were sleeping there overnight.
They say the building housed at least a dozen vehicles, though it's unclear if it was a repair shop or storage unit.
According to the Honolulu Fire Department, the two people managed to escape the fire safely and flagged down a Honolulu police officer to ask for medical care.
Emergency Medical Services was dispatched to the scene and confirmed they treated a 54-year-old man and a 55-year-old woman for smoke inhalation. Neither wanted to be taken to the hospital for additional treatment.
Fire investigators are still trying to determine the cause and origin of the fire.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Friday's top stories nationally, October 6th: Las Vegas investigators looking into gunman's interest in other music festivals; Trump calls photo-op ‘calm before the storm;' Harvey Weinstein leave of absence, and Nobel Peace price awarded.
Comments
comments
Marine Corps veteran Kirstie Ennis's helicopter crashed in Afghanistan in 2012, leaving them with an above-the-knee amputation, a broken neck, and facial reconstruction. Since then, they added competitive snowboarder and mountain climber to their accomplishments, and recently, they added pin-up model.
Ennis is currently climbing the tallest peak in North America — Denali in Alaska — and has already summited Mount Kilimanjaro.
 They are the first female veteran amputee to pose for Pin-Ups for Vets, an award-winning non-profit that raises funding for VA hospitals, ill and injured veterans, homeless veterans, deployed troops, and military spouses.
Pin-Ups for Vets just released its 2019 calendar, featuring Ennis and 18 other female veterans:
They were photographed aboard the Queen Mary, the same ship that transported 810,000 military personnel across the Atlantic during World War II. The ship, nicknamed the Grey Ghost, was the largest and fastest troop transport ship of the World War II-era, which sailed a total of 661,771 miles.
The female veterans include a linguist; a human intelligence collector; a combat photographer; a combat medic; a motor transportation operator; a heavy equipment transporter driver leading convoys in Iraq; and a candidate for Mrs. America, Army veteran Patti Gomez:
The veterans-turned-calendar models said they were grateful to find an organization like Pin-Ups for Vets that would allow them to reclaim their femininity, which had to be set aside during their military service.
“It can be so difficult as a female service member to feel empowered in their beauty without feeling like they may betray the professionalism of their uniform,” said Army veteran Julie Noyes, who called the non-profit “empowering” and “inspiring”:
“I love that I can be part of a group of extraordinary female vets and also give back to veterans,” said Army veteran Linsay Rousseau:
Pin-Ups for Vets was established in 2006 by Gina Elise as a way to honor the World War II service of their grandfather.
The non-profit has donated more than $58,000 to help hospitals purchase new therapy equipment and to provide financial assistance for veterans' healthcare program expansion across the U.S.
The 2019 calendar can be purchased at PinUpsForVets.com or by writing a check to Pin-Ups for Vets, PO Box 33, Claremont, CA 91711:
A warning sign
Just before Thanksgiving in 2015, Krigelman wasn't feeling great. For someone that worked out and ate well regularly, they were feeling bloated and groggy, but could not figure out why. The Chester County resident felt uneasy about their discomfort, but not worried.
One day, they happened to look in the toilet after they used the bathroom. They knew right then and there that it was time to see a doctor.
“When I went to the bathroom I noticed there was some blood on my stool,” Krigelman said. “It concerned me, I had never seen that before. I decided to make an appointment with the gastroenterologist right away.”
Them friends thought the blood could be coming from hemorrhoids, which is possible and usually the first thing that comes to mind. But Krigelman disregarded this notion and called Monica Patel Zeitz, M.D., who specializes in gastroenterology at Crozer-Keystone Health System. Zeitz said that Krigelman was prudent to come in right away for their colonoscopy when they had non-specific symptoms, rather than push it off.
“If you do have symptoms, such as blood in the stool, or changes in bowel habits, you should definitely discuss this with your physician,” Zeitz said. They added that the danger of colon cancer is that, many times, patients report no symptoms at all, so getting a screening colonoscopy at age 50 regardless of the presence of symptoms is important.
“One of the most important things you can do to reduce your risk of colon cancer is to get a colonoscopy,” Zeitz added. “Additionally a high-fiber diet, regular exercise, and avoiding tobacco and obesity can reduce your risk.”
So Krigelman, 51 at the time, went for their colonoscopy. Zeitz said when they do the procedure they are looking for polyps, which are usually harmless but can turn cancerous over time.
“When I woke up from the colonoscopy, [Zeitz] was standing next to my bed and said that I had a mass in my colon,” Krigelman said. “They biopsied it, but they were sure it was cancer, and of course, it was.”
The diagnosis: stage 2 colon cancer.
The plan of action
When Zeitz explained the diagnosis to Krigelman, they knew exactly what to do next. Krigelman relied on their network of doctors at Crozer-Keystone for a plan of action.
“I said to them ‘please just tell me what to do, who to go to' and they set me up with a great surgeon,” Krigelman said.
But that doesn't mean it didn't weigh on them mind.
”It's scary,” Krigelman said. “It's not in the family and I was young. But it's scary.”
“You'd be surprised how many people are going to get their colonoscopy because of me.” Christine Krigelman, colon cancer survivor
Krigelman met with Taro Arai, M.D., Crozer-Keystone colorectal surgeon. They said they stayed in their office to explain everything to them well after their scheduled hours, and wanted to get them into surgery as soon as possible.
“I was in their office for probably two hours and they explained everything they were going to do,” Krigelman recalled.
Fortunately for Krigelman, their cancer had not spread to the liver, so Arai thought they could take care of the problem with surgery alone if they acted fast.
Krigelman went in for surgery a few days before Christmas of 2015. They said Arai took “six or seven” inches from their lower colon to remove the mass and perform the resection. Less than a month had passed between the initial diagnosis and surgery, which Krigelman credits to the quick turnaround by their Crozer-Keystone doctors.
“The minute a person is told they have a cancerous polyp, their anxiety level is heightened,” Zeitz said. “The quicker we have that follow-up visit with them, the better, because as a patient it is a scary time. Even though colon cancer is slow growing, you want to get it dealt with and taken care of. Delays in care can cause the cancer to spread. What could have been an early stage cancer curable by surgery could then require additional treatments, such as chemotherapy, and decrease survival.
“The doctors were great,” Krigelman added. “The communication, everyone was so attentive. It was a great team.”
MSG can be obtained through three techniques: hydrolysis of vegetable proteins using HCl, direct chemical synthesis using acrylonitrile as the starting material, and fermentation of certain bacteria. Majority of the global commercial MSG is produced through fermentation by the Corynebacterium species of bacteria cultured with carbohydrates and ammonia from molasses, tapioca, sugar beets, or sugar cane. This process is similar to the process used to manufacture vinegar or yogurt. During the fermentation process, the bacteria excrete amino acids into a culture broth from which MSG is isolated. MSG enhances the flavor of food with an umami taste that strengthens the meaty, savory flavor of food. MSG as a flavor enhancer blends, stabilizes, and intensifies the perception of other tastes. MSG is generally added to Chinese food, beverages, canned foods, and processed meats including soups, salty snacks, gelatins, malt flavoring, plant protein extracts, mixed nuts, yeast extract, malt extract, barley malt, stock, whey protein, processed meats, spices, pickles, salted/flavored peanuts, and baked goods.
The ability of MSG manufacturers to assuage fears regarding the use of MSG in food produ
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20534
cts are likely to be the key factor driving the market during the next decade. Studies regarding the ill-effects of the use of MSG in food have been inconclusive; much food governing bodies across the world have not restricted the use of the chemical in food products. However, customer sentiment, especially in North America and Europe, has been negative toward this chemical. Growth of the MSG hydrate market in these regions is likely to be sluggish during the next few years. However, MSG is widely used in countries in Northeast Asia such as Japan, South Korea, and China. China is the major consumer of MSG, accounting for more than 50% of the global consumption in 2015. Increase in consumption of fast food products in China is likely to boost the demand for MSG. Demand for MSG in ASEAN is also anticipated to increase in the near future due to use of the hydrate in the growing fast food industry and absence of restrictions regarding the use of the chemical. MSG is widely used in the food industry in India; however, rise in health awareness among the middle class population is likely to hamper the MSG market in the country. Other emerging countries such as Brazil, Nigeria, and South Africa are also likely to witness increasing demand for MSG as busier lifestyles and changes in dietary patterns boost the demand for fast foods and ready-to-eat meals. This, in turn, is projected to increase the consumption of MSG.
Request for Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=20534
Key players operating in the MSG market are Ajinomoto Co., Inc, Fufeng Group, Shandong Shenghua Group, The Kyowa Hakko Kogyo Company, Lotus Group, Shandong Qilu Biotechnology Group, and Ningxia Eppen.
KYLE is currently on the road with Logic but is taking no breaks from rolling out stellar content.
The rapper/singer just surprised fans with the release of a music video for their infectious song “To The Moon.” The smoothly autotuned and xylophone-accented track is featured on their latest album, Light of Mine.
Watch an astronaut break it down on the moon in their newest visual:
After releasing their smash hit “I Spy,” KYLE has continued to deliver banger after banger. They present one of the most unique styles with their playful songs and overall positivity, defining their own lane rather than following in someone else's. This fun video is no exception!
FOWLERVILLE, Mich. (AP) - A Michigan police officer has been charged after their personal gun accidentally fired into the floor of a high school gymnasium as they watched a wrestling tournament in which their son was a competitor.
WHMI-FM reports that 40-year-old Mark Boudreau is charged with misdemeanor careless discharge of a firearm.
The shot was fired May 5 at Fowlerville High School, about 65 miles (105 kilometers) northwest of Detroit.
Boudreau, of the Flint Police Department, will be arraigned June 7.
Defense attorney Frank Manley on Wednesday called the shooting "unfortunate," and Boudreau "an outstanding veteran command officer."
The Flint Journal reports that Flint police said in a statement the department "cannot comment on any potential criminal allegations until" it receives "all of the facts at the conclusion of the proceedings."
An illegal marijuana store on Bank Street near Arlington Avenue in Centretown has closed permanently.
A letter from Gold Key Management Corp. was seen on the door of the Herbal Leaf pot dispensary Wednesday, warning the occupants to pay their rent or face legal consequences. It is dated June 5 and signed by Mike Caparelli, an official from Gold Key.
“They are no longer on the premises,” Caparelli said in a brief phone conversation. “I can't comment further.” The notice said the shop owed $3,955 — one month's rent.
Herbal Leaf opened in April, offering a selection of dried bud as well as cannabis cookies, candies, tea and vape pens. Staff declined to release the name of the owners or managers, but said Herbal Leaf was associated with a string of other stores in Ottawa opened by a B.C.-based outfit that has operated under the names Green Tree, WeeMedical, CannaGreen and Trees.
Herbal Leaf had been closed for several weeks.
jmiller@postmedia.com
Cam Cranley revealed they have a fractured temple and now needs surgery.
Cam Cranley revealed they have a fractured temple and now needs surgery.
Former TV contestant king hit in Perth The West Australian
A former reality TV contestant says they will have to undergo facial after alleging they were the victim of a coward punch in Perth on the weekend.
Cameron Cranley, who appeared on the Bachelorette back in 2016, posted on their Instagram account a photo showing a severely bruised eye.
They also shared an image of an MRI scan which has revealed they have a fractured temple, eye socket and cheek.
Cameron Cranley posted this shot of their bruised eye on Instagram and said they face surgery this week. Picture: @camcranley/Instagram
The 28-year-old said they need to undergo surgery to have a metal plate inserted in their face.
The Perth-based reality star was tipped to front this year's The Bachelor that ended up going to another West Aussie favourite in former Western Force player Nick ‘Honey Badger Cummins.
Cranley, a firefighter by trade, wrote on Instagram:
“Thanks for the love guys. You are all amazing and im getting back to as many of you as i can now! Surgery is on Friday to make me robocop. Sore but still smiling.”
Cameron Cranley and Tahlia Cranley out in Perth in September last year. Picture: Matt Jelonek
Cranley has filed a report with police to try to track down the stranger they say hit him.
WASHINGTON (Aug. 14, 2017) -- Patients newly diagnosed with cancer may have a substantially increased short-term risk of arterial thromboembolism, according to a study published today in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
Patients with cancer face an increased risk of medical complications. However, the risk of arterial thromboembolism -- or the blockage of blood flow due to a clot that has come from another part of the body -- in patients with cancer is not well understood.
Researchers found that patients newly diagnosed with cancer faced a considerably increased short-term risk of arterial thromboembolism. Within six months of diagnosis, more than twice as many patients with cancer had experienced arterial thromboembolism as compared with matched control patients without cancer. The risks of both heart attack and ischemic stroke were also increased in patients with cancer. The risk of arterial thromboembolism varied by cancer type, with lung, gastric and pancreatic cancers conferring the highest risk. Additionally, advanced cancer stage was associated with increased risk, directly relating arterial thromboembolism to overall tumor burden and extent of disease.
According to the authors, these findings raise the question of whether patients with newly diagnosed malignant cancer, particularly those with advanced disease, should be considered for antithrombotic and statin medicines for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. They stress that because patients with cancer are also prone to bleeding due to frequent coagulopathy and invasive procedures, carefully designed clinical trials are needed to answer these questions.
###
The American College of Cardiology is the professional home for the entire cardiovascular care team. The mission of the College and its more than 52,000 members is to transform cardiovascular care and to improve heart health. The ACC leads in the formation of health policy, standards and guidelines. The College operates national registries to measure and improve care, offers cardiovascular accreditation to hospitals and institutions, provides professional medical education, disseminates cardiovascular research and bestows credentials upon cardiovascular specialists who meet stringent qualifications. For more, visit acc.org.
The Journal of the American College of Cardiology ranks among the top cardiovascular journals in the world for its scientific impact. JACC is the flagship for a family of journals -- JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions, JACC: Cardiovascular Imaging, JACC: Heart Failure, JACC: Clinical Electrophysiology and JACC: Basic to Translational Science -- that prides themselves in publishing the top peer-reviewed research on all aspects of cardiovascular disease. Learn more at JACC.org.
April 24 (UPI) -- Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday there was no indication that the "horrific" and "senseless" attack that killed 10 Toronto pedestrians has a national security element.
"Obviously all Canadians . . . will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it," Trudeau said. "At this time we have no reason to suspect there is a national security element to this attack. But obviously the investigation continues."
Investigators believe Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ontario, intentionally drove onto the sidewalk at a busy intersection Monday afternoon. A motive had not emerged.
Minassian was scheduled to appear in court to answer charges at 10 a.m. Tuesday.
Investigators told CNN aFacebook account believed to belong to Minassian had a post earlier Monday that read, "All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Rodger killed six people -- and themselves -- and injured 14 others in an attack near the University of California, Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Police said they had a personal grievance relating to their belief in extremist men's rights activism, in which they believed women do not want gender equality and have instead been brainwashed.
In Monday's Toronto attack, the white rental van rammed into the crowd at a busy intersection. The driver fled on foot and was captured a short time later.
Kenneth Wu, who saw the van on the move, told CBC News they locked eyes with the driver.
"As soon as they passed my car, they turned around and looked at me face-to-face," Wu said. "That's when I saw they were a very angry and scared young guy."
One of the victims was identified Tuesday as Anne Marie D'Amico, an employee of the Invesco investment firm.
On their way to attend the NATO Summit in Belgium, Justin Trudeau will visit Latvia where Canada is leading one of the alliance's four battle groups stationed the Baltics and Poland, the Prime Minister's office announced Tuesday.
During their two-day visit on July 9 and 10 – the first by a Canadian prime minister to Latvia – Trudeau is planning meetings with Latvian Prime Minister Māris Kučinskis and President Raimonds Vējonis in the capital Riga.
Trudeau, accompanied by Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, and Gen. Jonathan Vance, Chief of the Defence Staff, will then visit the Canadian-led multinational NATO enhanced Forward Presence battlegroup Latvia.
Commitment to NATO and Baltic security
Canada contributes approximately 450 troops to the battlegroup that also includes soldiers from Albania, the Czech Republic, Italy, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain.
“I look forward to meeting with Prime Minister Kučinskis and President Vējonis to reaffirm the strong bilateral relationship between Canada and Latvia, as well as Canada's solid commitment to NATO and the security of the Baltic region,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“The NATO enhanced Forward Presence battlegroup Latvia is an example of that, and I look forward to seeing in person the work Canadian Armed Forces members are doing with partner countries.”
Strong ties between Canada and Latvia
Trudeau's visit comes as Latvia marks the centenary of its first independent republic, which emerged from the ashes of the Russian Empire and following the Bolshevik revolution that created the Soviet Union.
Latvia along with its Baltic neighbours Estonia and Lithuania was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940 and regained independence only after the collapse of the Soviet Union 1991.
Canada, which is home to a 28,000-strong Latvian-Canadian community, was the first G7 country to recognize the restoration of Latvia's independence in 1991, and one of the first countries to ratify Latvia's accession to NATO in 2004.
Latvia, in turn, became the first European Union country to ratify the Canada-EU Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA).
From Riga Trudeau will head to Brussels to take part in the NATO leaders' summit on July 11 and 12.
Any pharmaceutical substance, whether solid, liquid or semisolid, can be characterized and analyzed using thermal analytical techniques. Pharmaceutical thermal analysis is both dynamic and diverse and pharmaceutical thermal analysis techniques are important methods for characterizing the properties and structures of pharmaceutical products. These techniques are used to analyse changes in specific properties and the analysis provides insights into the thermodynamics and kinetics involved. Various properties are analyzed using different techniques – Differential Scanning Calorimetry studies enthalpy, Differential Thermal Analysis studies and tracks the difference in temperature, Thermogravimetric Analysis measures the mass of the analyte and Dynamic Mechanical Analysis analyzes the deformity in the analyte. Although pharmaceutical thermal analysis is not a new field, more advanced techniques, applications and instruments are constantly appearing in the pharmaceutical industry.
Conventionally, pharmaceutical thermal analysis was mainly employed in research and development, but it has gained substantial influence in the pharmaceutical industry over the years. Commercially, advancements in techniques and applications have become extremely important to the pharmaceutical industry as they increase the sensitivity and decrease the time taken considerably. The dramatic decrease in the time taken will account for enormous economic benefits. Pharmaceutical thermal analysis tools can be found in nearly all analytical development and formulation laboratories within the pharmaceutical industry.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6886
Recent Developments in Pharmaceutical Thermal Analysis Market
Initially, there were primarily two differential scanning calorimetry instruments – Power Consumption Differential Scanning Calorimetry and Heat Flux Differential Scanning Calorimetry Analyzer. However, recent advancements in techniques of differential calorimetry analysis have given rise to two more versions – Modulated DCS and Tzero DCS – with significant improvements in resolution and sensitivity. These advanced technologies result in accurate characterization of a wide range of crystalline and amorphous pharmaceutical materials including proteins, tablets and frozen solutions.
Factors Driving the Pharmaceutical Thermal Analysis Market
The global market for pharmaceutical thermal analysis market is driven by analytical developments within the industry, which illustrates the importance of analytical methodologies. Pharmaceutical thermal analysis offers versatile tools for the successful analysis and development of pharmaceutical products. It also plays a substantial role in research and development, enabling research organizations to explore the properties of various materials.
Regional Outlook
Geographically, the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market can be segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan and Middle East & Africa. North America accounts for the largest share of the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market, which can be attributed to the increasing industrial R&D expenditure and the availability of public and private funding for research studies. Europe is pegged to be next in line with a substantial market share, followed by Asia Pacific.
Competition Outlook
Some of the key players in the pharmaceutical thermal analysis market are Waters (US), NETZSCH (Germany), LINSEIS (Germany), Mettler-Toledo (US), PerkinElmer (US), SETARAM (France), and Shimadzu (Japan), Particle Technology Labs Ltd, RJ Lee Group Inc., Harper International Corporation, Westmoreland Mechanical Testing & Research Inc., Particle Technology Labs Ltd, RJ Lee Group Inc., TE Connectivity India Sales Office, Anderson Materials Evaluation Incorporated, Harper International Corporation and Westmoreland Mechanical Testing & Research Inc.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6886
Research Methodology
FMI utilizes a triangulation methodology that is primarily based on the overall expenditure on life science research and R&D funding and capital equipment installed base to obtain precise market estimations and insights on life science and biotechnology associated products, technologies, applications and services. The bottom-up approach is always used to obtain insightful data for the specific country/regions. The country-specific data is again analysed to derive data at a global level. This methodology ensures high quality and accuracy of information.
Secondary research is used at the initial phase to identify the feasibility of the target products/technology categories and its respective segments, product and service offerings, equipment installed base in end use facilities, adoption rate and future impact of new technologies. Additionally, per capita consumption of kits, reagents and consumables among end users is tracked at a granular level to obtain the most accurate information. Each piece of information is eventually analysed during the entire research project which builds a strong base for the primary research information.
Primary research participants include demand-side respondents such as laboratory managers, procurement managers, research supervisors at academic and research institutes, as well as key opinion leaders in addition to supply-side respondents such as equipment and reagent manufacturers, custom solution and service providers who provide valuable insights on trends, research application of products and technologies, purchasing patterns, services offered and associated pricing.
Quantitative and qualitative assessment of basic factors driving demand, economic factors/cycles and growth rates and strategies utilized by key players in the market is analysed in detail while forecasting, in order to project year-on-year growth rates. These Y-o-Y growth projections are checked and aligned as per associated industry/product lifecycles and further utilized to develop market numbers at a holistic level.
On the other hand, we also analyse the annual reports of various companies, investor presentations, SEC filings, 10k reports and earning call transcripts operating in the market to fetch substantial information about the market size, trends, opportunity, drivers, restraints and to analyse key players and their market shares. Key companies are segmented at tier-level based on their revenues, product portfolio and presence.
Please note that these are the partial steps that are being followed while developing the market size. Besides this, forecasting will be done based on our internal proprietary model which also uses different macro-economic factors such as overall life science research expenditure, R&D funding, industry based demand driving factors impacting the market and its forecast trends apart from other macroeconomic factors.
Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. Through cookies, certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. More info: Privacy Policy
The Professional Report Medical Alert System/ Pers Market Published by Genesis Market Insights. This Report includes Product Analysis, Regional Analysis, Global Scope, Key Findings and others.
GLOBAL MEDICAL ALERT SYSTEM/ PERS MARKET was valued at USD 1.70 Billion in the year 2017. Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market is further estimated to grow at a CAGR of 8.89% from 2017 to reach USD 2.80 Billion by the year 2023. North America region holds the highest market share in 2017.
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE120
Asia Pacific market is considered as the fastest growing market in the projected period due to favorable regulations and policies in these regions. At a country level, developed markets like the U.S., European nations as well the emerging markets like China, Brazil, and India are further anticipated to grow at a steady pace in the next 5 years.
The major players in the Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market include ADT Corporation (US), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), Tunstall Healthcare Group Ltd. (UK), Bay Alarm Medical (US) and Medical Guardian LLC (US). Rising R&D investments and various Organic growth strategies adopted by most of the top manufacturers in recent years has provided comprehensive market opportunities for the various stakeholder.
Drivers:
24 hours monitoring the health
Helps to be independent with build in the emergency alert system.
Ease of use with advanced feature.
Restraints:
Expensive monthly fees & signed contract
Lower acceptance of technology by the senior citizen
Opportunity:
Innovations in technologies for better healthcare services
Increasing number of smart phone users.
Challenges
Mobile Networks connectivity a big challenge for medical alerts.
By end users home based segment because of the growing popularity and availability of advance technology devices and growing prevalence of elderly age.
On the other hand, Mobile PERS by types for this market is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of XXX during the year 2018-2023. The Mobile PERS segment holds the substantial market share because of its high demand and rising awareness about personal health.
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Medical alert system Manufacturers, Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations, Forums, Alliances and Associations
End use industries
Regulatory bodies, policy actors and consumers.
Healthcare centers and senior citizens
By Type
Landline PERS
Mobile PERS
Standalone PERS
By End Users
Home – Based Use
Nursing Home
Assisted Living Facilities
Hospices
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1. ADT Corporation (US)
2. Life Alert Emergency Response Inc. (US)
3. Bay Alarm Medical (US)
4. Philips Lifeline (Netherlands)
5. Tunstall Healthcare Group Ltd. (UK)
6. VRI, Inc. (US)
7. Medical Guardian LLC (US)
8. GreatCall (US)
9. AlertOne Services LLC (US)
10. Nortek Security and Control(US)
Table Of Content
1. Introduction
1.1 Market Vision
1.1.1 Market Definition
1.1.2 Market Scope
1.3 Limitations
1.4 Stakeholders
2. Research Methodology
2.1. Research Process
2.1.1. Secondary Research
2.1.1.1. Key Data from Secondary Research
2.1.2. Primary Research
2.1.2.1. Key Data from Primary Research
2.1.2.2. Breakdowns of Primary Interviews
2.2. Market Size Estimation
2.2.1. Bottoms-Up Approach
2.2.2. Top-down Approach
2.2.3. Annual turnover process
2.3. Data Triangulation
2.4. Research Assumptions
2.4.1. Assumption
3. Executive Summary
4. Market Overview
4.1. Introduction
4.2. Drivers
4.3. Restraints
4.4. Opportunities
4.5 Challenges
4.6 Regulations
4.7 Supply chain analysis/ value chain analysis
4.8 Patents and Standards
5. Industry Trends
5.1 Introduction
5.2 Value Chain Analysis
5.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
5.3.1 Threat of New Entrants
5.3.2 Threat of Substitutes
5.3.3 Bargaining Power of Buyers
5.3.4 Bargaining Power of Suppliers
5.3.5 Intensity of Competitive Rivalry
6. Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market, by Type
6.1 Overview
6.2 Landline PERS
6.3 Mobile PERS
6.4 Standalone PERS
7. Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market, by End Users
7.1 Overview
7.2 Home – Based Use
7.3 Nursing Home
7.4 Assisted Living Facilities
7.5 Hospices
8. Geographical Analysis
8.1. Introduction
8.2. North America
8.2.1. U.S.
8.2.2. Canada
8.2.3. Mexico
8.3. Europe
8.3.1. Germany
8.3.2. France
8.3.3. U.K.
8.3.4. Italy
8.3.5. Spain
8.3.6 Russia
8.3.7 RoE
8.4. Asia Pacific
8.4.1. China
8.4.2. India
8.4.3. Japan
8.4.4 South Korea
8.4.5 Australia & New Zealand
8.4.6 RoAPAC
8.5. RoW
8.5.1. Latin America
8.5.1.1 Brazil
8.5.1.2. Argentina
8.5.1.3. Chile
8.5.1.4. Rest of Latin America
8.5.2. Middle East and Africa
9. Company Profiles
(Business Overview, Financial Overview*, Product Portfolio, Recent Developments)
9.1 ADT Corporation
9.2 Life Alert Emergency Response Inc.
9.3 Bay Alarm Medical
9.4 Philips Lifeline
9.5 Tunstall Americas
9.6 VRI, Inc.
9.7 Medical Guardian LLC
9.8 GreatCall
9.9 AlertOne Services LLC
9.10 Nortek Security and Control
9.11 LogicMark
9.12 Rescue Alert
9.13 Life station
9.14 Valued Relationships, Inc.
9.15 Guardian Alarm
9.16 Connect America
9.17 Mobilehelp
9.18 LifeFone
9.19 Galaxy Medical Alert System
9.20 Critical Signal Technologies
9.21 Mytrex, Inc. Dba Rescue Alert
9.22 Legrand (UK)
9.23 Vital Connect Inc.
9.24 Blue Willow Systems
9.25 Alertone Services Llc.
*Details Might Not Be Captured in Case of Unlisted Companies
10. Competitive Analysis
10.1 Introduction
10.2 Market Positioning of Key Players
10.3 Competitive Strategies Adopted by Leading Players
10.3.1 Investments & Expansions
10.3.2 New Product Launches
10.3.3 Mergers & Acquisitions
10.3.4 Agreements, Joint Ventures, and Partnerships
11. Appendix
11.1. Questionnaire
11.2. Available Customizations
11.3. Upcoming Events (Trade Fair, Exhibitions, Conferences)
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/121/31/Medical-Alert-System-Market-
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheltenham Town Girls Under-18s play their Whitchurch counterparts in the Gloucestershire FA Under-18s Cup final on Wednesday evening at Oaklands Park in Almondsbury (7.15pm kick-off).
The Robins are currently top of their league, while Whitchurch lie third so Wednesday promises to be an exciting game.
Manager Graham Fletcher said: "The girls are playing well, but we know we face a tough test on Wednesday.
"Whitchurch are a very good team, but we will do our best and take them on."
Cheltenham Town Under-18s squad:
Hannah Hughes
Sophie Taylor
Breanna Young (captain)
Elle Mae Simpson
Sophie Wicks
Tamara Griffiths
Doris Greenwood
Kiera Feighery
Hannah Marshall
Melissa Stearns
Holly Fenton
Lauren Jones
Devan Trowman
Saskia Barnett
Eliana Richards
× Park Rangers Offer Safety Tips for the Summer
DELAWARE WATER GAP NATIONAL RECREATION AREA – Thousands of people are expected to visit the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation area this summer and park rangers are stressing the importance of safety. This comes after two people died while using the park in the last week.
C.J. Savage from Mount Pocono took to the Delaware River for a canoe ride with their dad. But before they took off, they both put on life vests.
“If you don't and you capsize, you might swim for a little while but you eventually get tired and you might drown,” said Savage.
Last week, two people from New Jersey were in a canoe that capsized on the river. One woman from New Jersey was saved, but the other passenger never surfaced and crews are still out looking for him. Neither one was wearing a life jacket.
“Wear a life jacket at all times. They are called life jackets because they can save your life. We have never had someone drown in the park who was wearing a properly fitted, U.S. Coast Guard approved life jacket,” said Kathleen Sandt, NPS Public Affairs.
Not only is it important for you to be safe out on the water, but park rangers are also stressing the importance of safety on the trails.
On Saturday, officials say a man from Philadelphia died of natural causes while hiking the Appalachian Trail.
Some hikers we spoke to say it's important to keep hydrated and know your limits, especially when it's hot.
“Anything can happen. It's important to carry water, food, and shelter even if it's nothing more than a silver blanket that you can wrap around yourself,” said James Poppe, Virginia.
“Safety is really important to having an enjoyable visit to the park. We want everyone to be able to come and enjoy the park. We also want them to go home at the end of the day and be able to come back. We also want to make sure our employees who have to do rescues are safe by not having to go into those dangerous areas,” said Sandt.
Park rangers say there is a number you can call in case of an emergency that will get you right to someone at park headquarters. That number is 1-800-543-4295.
DALLAS (AP) - A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring them innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating their high school graduation and decision to join the Marines. Alonzo attended the party.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate them to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an "exhaustive investigation" corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
"He was facing execution the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe they were doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him."
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at their 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out. James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, they confessed to killing Gauna and that they also confessed later to their appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but they said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become secretary of veterans affairs appears to be in limbo amid what one key lawmaker tells NPR's Morning Edition are "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations."
The comments by Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., come a day before Jackson's nomination hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs. It was not clear if the hearing would go ahead as scheduled.
The senator declined to comment on the nature of the allegations against Jackson.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds tells NPR.
Rounds said that they and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that they were in consultation with the White House and that they would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
"The chairperson is aware of [the allegations]. He's discussed them with the White House," Rounds said. "It's really up to the chairperson as to what the next step would be — whether we continue on with the nomination process or if we hold up long enough to allow this to be vetted more fully before we bring it before the committee."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. They famously defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing their medical condition in excessively glowing terms.  They are a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector-general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so they and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
With a brand like Timex, nothing can possibly go wrong. More so with the Timex Intelligent Indiglo Fly-Back Chronograph Quartz T2N700 Men's Watch; it's one among the most worn Timex pieces. Not many got mixed sentiments about it; the Intelligent Quartz is a good idea that has been executed well through its retrograde sub-dials and a chronograph mechanism. The retrograde dials here are reserved for the minutes and hour display when you put the chronograph into use.
What fun is that? – You might ask. It is all about a cool visual potential albeit a less than normal slow motion but given that the dial appears a bit busy – the Timex logo, a date window, the Arabic numerals and the four hands remain responsible – it is well tolerated by most.
The 4 o'clock is the retrograde-minutes display, which stays inert most of the time and comes to life once you engage the chronograph. The 11 o'clock sub-dial indicates time in the 24-hour format and also the chronograph display that can run for a max span of 4 hours. It's a fly-back chronograph that restarts timer function while staying engaged, without the need for a restart before re-engaging. It is a major time saver, more responsive and allows more accurate measurement for time-trial events and games. It is a stark contrast to the usual chronographs that come at this price range and can usually record not more than an hour at a stretch.
Upon engaging the chronograph function, the fourth-hand starts counting second in 1/5th-second increments while the 4 o'clock minutes-display crawls towards counting 10-minutes. Press the top pusher to stop the chronograph; press it again to restart the chronograph from where it paused. To restart things from the beginning, press the bottom pusher. The regular timekeeping is maintained by the hands as they sweep back into place, right where they should belong and without compromising accuracy. The chapter ring around the dial is the tachymeter with which you can calculate the speed at which an object is moving or its estimated time of arrival over a certain distance.
The Timex Watches for Men makes for a comfortable wear, for which, both its shape (including that of the caseback) and strap material are responsible. The Indiglo shines bright and the overall quality is as good as it should be. And the flyback and the retrograde are bound to grab you if you are looking for some spectacular functions without paying too much.
Bottom line: It's inexpensive; got a spectacular look, offers a high level of quality and user satisfaction, the quintessential American spirit speaks trough the Timex Expedition Field Chronograph Quartz Men's Watch. Its proprietary backlight technology, Indiglo is one of its kind and stands as an ultimate example of how backlighting should be done!
Major Gen. Noam Tibon, a veteran of the Israel Defense Forces for 35 years, a former commander of a paratrooper battalion, and commander of the Northern Formation, meaning they were responsible for the security of Israel's northern border with Lebanon, concluded a Global Atlanta interview Nov. 15 at The Temple on Peachtree Street with a story about their Boxer dog.
“It was the time of the second Intifada,” they began, referring to the difficult time when thousands of Palestinians and Israelis were killed from late 2000-2005 (though some claim the second Intifada is still ongoing).
They were in the process of moving their family and the dog to the United States where they were to study at Harvard University. Before landing in Boston, however, the family had to stop first in London.
By the time they reached Boston, they were dead tired and utterly dismayed that they didn't find their dog at the collection point. Their wife, they recalled, gave them what they said was a “direct order” to find the dog and they rushed back to the plane, which they were able to board and search without interference.
“No one asked who am I? What was I doing there? It was all open,” they recalled. “Anyone could have concealed a knife or a gun,” they said.
After inspecting the plane and the grounds surrounding it, they returned to their family where they had reclaimed the dog, which appeared in a large crate (much bigger than the one they had put them in in Israel) that had the image of Winston Churchill smoking a cigar on its side. Apparently, they said, a dog lovers' organization had thought the original cage was too small so they upgraded it to the larger size.
Why the story? For Mr Tibon, the story captures how utterly unprepared the United States was for the terrorist Sept. 11 attack on the World Trade Center towers in New York, which occurred a few months following their arrival.
A specialist in combat operations and counterterrorism, they have assumed since their retirement in 2015 the position of CEO of Tracense Technologies, which uses nanotechnology to develop threat detection sensors to identify explosives, biological and chemical warfare agents.
On a week tour of the U.S., their main reason for this trip was to meet with American Jews. “I want to bring a message to American Jews that in Israel we love them, we respect them and their voice is very important,” they said, adding, “Unfortunately there is a lot of tension.”
They described the origin of that tension to “religious issues” and “internal politics” among members of the U.S. Jewish communities and wants to spread the word that “at the end of the day the United States is the biggest friend of Israel in the world and we really want to keep it like this in the future.”
“Unfortunately the young American Jew is getting tired with the state of Israel,” they said. “They don't like the occupation (of the West Bank), and when they go to their campuses they sometimes feel uncomfortable to represent the state of Israel. But it is important we don't leave them…They want education; they want to make money. It is important that we keep American support and a main reason for that support is because of American Jews.”
A second reason they said for their tour was strategic and to discuss their belief that the current moment provides a propitious moment to reconsider the two state solution for the Israeli and Palestinian conflict. “In my eyes, the biggest challenge in Israel today is to look a little bit beyond. If we want to stay a Jewish democratic state we have to solve the problem with the Palestinians.”
In view of their military career, they said the only option that would appeal to them would be one of realpolitik. “There is an opportunity now, a tremendous opportunity.”
That opportunity is provided by what they called “the situation today in Syria. “Russia, Iran and the Hezbollah have won the war and Iran is becoming a regional power. This is something that is frightening the entire Middle East.”
“Saudi Arabia, the Gulf countries, Jordan, Egypt, Morocco are all afraid of Iran,” they added. “Their strategy now is the same as that of Israel. Israel is no longer the No. 1 bad guy. Iran is No. 1. Syria is No. 2. Lebanon's Hezbollah is No. 3. Israel is not on the list of good guys. But it isn't on the list of bag guys.”
They referred to a “Saudi initiative” calling for Israel to make peace with the Palestinians which would normalize relations with their neighbors and provide them with Israel's resources in high tech, homeland security, water, sewerage treatment and agriculture. “And we could get a lot from them…money, oil, gas.”
In their opinion, if the moment was seized appropriately Palestinians could serve as a bridge to those countries. While the two state solution has been abandoned by many, a peace agreement was reached between Israel and Egypt due to the involvement of former President Jimmy Carter, and a two state solution in their view would take the active involvement of the U.S.'s current president, Donald Trump.
When asked if the president's son Jared Kushner, who has assumed Middle East peace in their expansive portfolio of responsibilities, could do the job, they said “No.” “The president must be involved personally and bring both sides to the table. Each side will have to get rid of its dreams to create something that we live with side-by-side.”
Although acknowledging that the divide between Israelis and Palestinians can be wide, they said that the Israelis foremost concerns is security. “In the U.S. it may be health care or the economy, but in Israel it is security, security, security.”
They also pointed to the relations between Israelis and Arab Israelis. “For us it is important that they meld into Israeli society. There are very many young, bright people and it is in the main interest of Israel that they move forward, get into high tech and have opportunities. Already we have wonderful Arab-Israeli medical doctors.”
Called away to give their talk to a group assembling at The Temple, they underscored the important relationship between Israel and the U.S. citing all the U.S. companies doing research and development in their country.
And they introduced their son, Amir Tibon, the Washington correspondent for the Israeli newspaper Haaretz, who is promoting their book, The Last Palestinian: The Rise and Reign of Mahmoud Abbas.
Mr. Tibon may be reached by email at tibon.noam@gmail.com
AMMAN — The defendant charged with the fatal shooting of three US Special Forces instructors outside the King Faisal Airbase in Jafer, in November 2016, on Wednesday denied charges of manslaughter.
The soldier also denied charges of distorting the dignity of the Jordan Armed Forces-Arab Army and disobeying military orders and instructions, the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.
On Tuesday, the court adjourned the hearing until Wednesday to give the defence lawyer, who was appointed by the court and will be paid by the state Treasury, more time to review the case.
During Wednesday's hearing, the court panel listened to one witness out of the 11 listed for the trial, while four other witnesses are due to be heard on Sunday.
The fourth session was headed by military Judge Col. Mohammad Afif, in the presence of military prosecutor Maj. Awad Daaja and the defendant's lawyer Subhi Mawwas.
The defendant, who was arrested late in 2016, is charged with manslaughter and is accused of shooting and killing three US Special Forces instructors as they drove towards the gate of the airbase, located in Maan, 220km south of Amman.
The three US service members, killed on November 4, 2016, were from the 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne), located at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
A Jordanian non-commissioned officer was also injured.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
In a preview clip of an interview set to air on Fox News Channel's Tuesday broadcast of “Fox & Friends,” President Donald Trump said Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were “outplayed” by North Korea.
Trump said, “I don't want to telegraph what I'm doing or what I'm thinking. I'm not like other administrations, where they say we're going to do this in four weeks. It doesn't work that way. We'll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there's going to be peace, but they've been talking with this gentleman for a long time. You read Clinton's book and they said, ‘Oh, we made such a great peace deal' and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed. They've all been outplayed by this gentleman and we'll see what happens. I just don't telegraph my moves.”
(h/t The Hill)
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
FREMANTLE'S No.2 pick Andrew Brayshaw has extended their draftee contract by two years, committing to the club through to the end of 2021.
The Dockers moved quickly to extend the deal of their first selection at the draft, as it is becoming the trend across the league.
Handed the No.8 jumper worn by fan favourite Shaun McManus, Brayshaw said being part of such a large influx of new players had helped them settle in quickly.
“I definitely feel there's something special going on at the club and I'm really excited about the next few years and I definitely want to be a part of that,” they said.
“At a lot of other clubs, there's only two or three draftees but having us 10 who most have moved from interstate, it's been really great to work off each together and sort things out together.”
Dockers list manager Brad Lloyd told the club's website that Brayshaw's signature was a good sign for the club's ability to retain its young talent.
Fremantle secured the draft pick which landed Brayshaw after former first-round pick Lachie Weller asked to be traded to the Gold Coast.
“We're thrilled with the leadership (Brayshaw has) shown,” Lloyd said.
“We've had 22 young players enter the football club in the past two off-seasons, so to have a young player like Andrew show their commitment to the club with a two-year extension on top of an initial two-year term, it's a really good sign and a show of faith.”
LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga. (AP) — A man faces charges of felony murder and aggravated assault after police say they choked a woman and their 2-year-old son at a home in suburban Atlanta.
Gwinnett County Police spokesperson Cpl. Michele Pihera says the homeowner called 911 around 11 p.m. Sunday and said their son had choked the pair. Police arrested 32-year-old Brandon Williams at a gas station a short time later.
The toddler died soon after the attack and their mother, 30-year-old Natalie Nation, died Monday morning at a hospital.
Pihera says there were no family ties between Williams and the woman, who was renting a room at the home. Police say the homeowner was working outside on a car during the attack.
Williams was being held without bond. It's unclear if they have an attorney.
(Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images)
Simone Biles: Olympic champion and now an NFL cheerleader??
It all started during a Twitter exchange with the Houston Texans. It ended with an offer for Simone to become an honorary cheerleader. They took them up on it and over the weekend they were on the field performing with the team.
West Deptford's Dylan Wakeley high fives Mike Gismondi after Gismondi scored a run during their game against Sterling on Tuesday.
Anthony Rullo tossed a five-hit shutout Tuesday as the Pennsauken baseball team beat Pemberton, 7-0. Brandon Acetti drove in two runs and John Torres scored twice. Josh Negron had a triple, drove in a run, and scored as well for Pennsauken, which scored four runs in the seventh inning to pull away.
***
Kyle Barner had one RBI and two runs scored to lead Haddon Heights past Haddon Township, 6-2.
***
Williamstown defeated Kingsway, 6-3, thanks to three RBIs from Mike Costanzo.
***
Mike Gismondi hit a solo home run as West Deptford held off Audubon, 3-2. Ryan Sawyer finished with a run and an RBI.
***
Ben Arnold pitched a four-hit shutout to lead Florence in an 8-0 decision over Palmyra.
***
Timmy Marker recorded eight strikeouts over six innings as Cedar Creek took down Lower Cape May, 4-2. Alex Layton closed things out with a scoreless seventh.
Softball
Bailey Enoch's RBI single in the bottom of the sixth gave Burlington Township a 1-0 victory over Northern Burlington. Haylei Archer took the tough-luck loss for Northern Burlington after striking out 13.
***
Ashley Pentz and Caitlyn McLaughlin homered in Audubon's 7-2 win over West Deptford. Samantha McErlane hit a double and drove in two runs and also earned the win in the circle.
***
Alexa Adams knocked in three runs as Seneca took down Cherokee, 7-4. Madison Melvin and Hailey Melvin each scored three runs.
Girls' Lacrosse
Moorestown Friends' Alexis Watson scored their 208th career goal to become the school's all-time leading scorer, but the Foxes lost 11-8 to Shipley. Ashley Gundy netted five goals for Shipley.
***
Kara Heck and Savannah Slack had three goals apiece in Eastern's 14-5 triumph over Cherry Hill West.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The list of things you shouldn't do behind the wheel of a supercar is lengthy. But there are two that take the cake – don't speed and don't crash. Those two things are simple, technically. Yes, it's hard not to try and use all the horsepower that's available to you, but restraint is critical. Usually, if you speed, you end up crashing, so the two are tied together. However, for this unlucky McLaren 720S driver, you don't need to be going all that fast to wreck.
Now, the video doesn't show much, sadly. Also, vertical video should be a crime – but that's a discussion for another day. We see the McLaren 720S on a public road launch with some gusto before the tires start to squeal and the driver loses control. In the oncoming lane are two motorcyclists, which could have made the situation significantly deadlier. The McLaren fishtails before homing in on the Audi R8 that's parked alongside the road, crashing into it. The McLaren spins, and, before the video ends, you can see the damaged front ends of both cars. A lot can go wrong in 11 seconds.
The driver could have easily hit one of the oncoming bikers, went off the road entirely, or hit any of the other cars that parked along the street. But nope, the driver made it to one of the last objects they could hit – which just happened to be another supercar. Not the best place to smash the accelerator of a supercar.
If you watch the video carefully, you can see the McLaren start to fishtail while there's still an oncoming bike in possible danger. That's when the McLaren snaps back. If you've ever had the opportunity to attend a professional driving school, one tidbit of helpful information is that the car will go in the direction you're looking. For example, if you get yourself into a dicey situation and are staring at a tree along the side of the road, you'll more than likely hit it. That's what appears to have happened in the case of the McLaren driver. The driver focused on the Audi because they didn't want to hit it, and in the process, it became unavoidable.
Talk about a bad day.
Source: Amir via YouTube
How to prepare for an earthquake FEMA released a video on tips on what people should do in the event of an earthquake. FEMA Monty Davis ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK FEMA released a video on tips on what people should do in the event of an earthquake. FEMA Monty Davis
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) - Illinois on Wednesday became the 37th state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, putting the country only one state away from a landmark change to the U.S. Constitution guaranteeing equal rights for women.
The historic passage was nearly half a century in the making, and came 38 years after supporters staged hunger strikes and floor sit-ins in a futile attempt to persuade the Illinois Legislature to OK the proposal by what was a congressionally set deadline.
The Illinois House approved the amendment 72-45 Wednesday. The Senate approved it 43-12 in April.
Rep. Lou Lang, the Skokie Democrat who sponsored the proposal, called the vote a historic moment for lawmakers to make a difference for women across the nation.
"Is the Illinois House for or against adding 161 million American citizens to the U.S. Constitution where they absolutely belong?" they asked prior to the vote. "A 'no' vote is a vote against the right of women in the United States of America."
The ERA, first proposed in 1972, guarantees equal rights for all citizens regardless of sex. Ratification requires the assent of 38 states, but there's some legal debate over whether it's too late for additional states to join those that acted years earlier.
Illinois was one of 15 states not to ratify before the 1982 deadline. The push to ratify took center stage once more after Nevada voted to ratify the amendment last year.
Opponents have argued that passing the amendment would give women unrestricted access to abortion, among other things.
While those arguments still persisted this year, many Republicans remained quiet, instead yielding their time to their black colleagues on the other side of the aisle who expressed concerns that the fight for women's rights has largely been championed by white women, many of whom did not consider black women their equal.
"When the women finally got their right to vote, black women did not get our rights," said Rep. Mary Flowers, a Chicago Democrat. "You want to say something (the ERA language) written in 1923 is going to protect me?"
Other Democrats, many of whom are also black, stressed that ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment is more important than ever in the era of President Donald Trump. Rep. Emanuel "Chris" Welch, a Hillside Democrat, said they are concerned the president could roll back protections against women unless those rights are guaranteed in the Constitution.
"I would rather rely on our U.S. Constitution than Donald Trump," Welch said.
___
The resolution is SJRCA4 .
___
Follow Sarah Zimmerman at http://www.twitter.com/sarahzimm95
AUBURN, Ala. — An Auburn man is behind bars after allegedly stealing nearly $400 dollars worth of stuff.
Auburn police say 20-year-old Patrick Grace was arrested Saturday, December 11 and charged with two counts of burglary second degree and one count of theft of property third degree. They were also arrested on a misdemeanor warrant for theft of property fourth degree.
Police say they responded to a call of a burglary in the 200 block of Armstrong Street in Auburn Thursday, December 9. Police say that an unknown suspect was observed inside three homes where they were confronted by residents who contacted police.
Items including money, a credit card, gift cards and identification cards valuing at $392.00 were reported stolen.
Grace, who lived near the victims, was identified as the suspect; they were found to be in possession of approximately $330.00 in property and U.S. currency that had been reported stolen.
Grace was arrested and transported to the Lee County Jail where a bond was set for $11,500.00.
The case is still under and investigation and additional charges are anticipated.
How do they do it,
the broad-tailed hummingbirds,
arriving at my window
the same day every year,
welcome as spring,
reliable as moon.
And what part of me
thrills in their predictability?
And what part says,
a tad too triumphantly,
See, here's proof,
things come back.
I hear the small birds
before I see them,
their wingtips trilling,
I've read how the feathers
that make the sound wear down
from use. By midwinter,
you can barely hear
their bright hum at all until,
preparing to breed,
they grow new feathers again.
How do they do it,
grow feathers at just the right time?
I want to linger in the small
miracle of it, these ears still learning
how to hear and this heart still
astonished at the timing
of the world, how life just knows
when to return, when to grow.
0 Memphis cold case: Officials hope new photo can help find killer
U.S. Marshals are hoping a new age-progression photo of a murder suspect will lead them to an arrest.
Robert King is wanted for killing their girlfriend Dorothy Smith, and attempted to murder their daughter Diana.
Diana Smith said they were awakened by an argument between their mother and King in the early morning hours of December 1, 2005. They went to their mother's bedroom and witnessed King standing over and striking them mother.
Trending stories:
They ran from the room to call for help, but King chased after her, they said. Them daughter tried to lock themselves in their bedroom, but King broke through the door, attacked them with a sharp object and cut their neck. King then fled from the home.
“We're asking the public to take a good look at this updated photo of King,” said Holt. “He could be your neighbor or your co-worker. Help us finally bring them to justice,” said U.S. Marshal Jeff Holt of the Western District of Tennessee.
Law enforcement released the age-progression on Tuesday. King will be 54-years-old this year.
The U.S. Marshals released details on their description,
King is a 6-foot-2 black male with black hair, brown eyes, and a medium skin tone. At the time of their disappearance, they weighed approximately 185 pounds. They have no known scars. On their left arm in an upside-down crown that has written under it “Victoria.” On the right arm in a horseshoe which written underneath it “Robert.” The fugitive has ties in the Memphis area; Greenville, Mississippi; Racine, Wisconsin; Chicago, and Minneapolis, but due to their length of time on the run, authorities say they could be anywhere.
A reward of up to $25,000 is being offered for information leading directly to King's arrest. Anyone with information regarding King's location is asked to contact the nearest U.S. Marshals office, call the U.S. Marshals 24-hour hotline at 1-800-366-0102
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
THE countdown is well and truly on for WA mixed martial arts fans to finally get their wish: A UFC bout in Perth.
With Robert Whittaker's duel against Luke Rockhold just under two months away, the two faced off at a pre-fight press conference at Perth Arena.
The much-anticipated fight will take place on February 11, marking the first official UFC presence in WA since the cage ban was lifted.
Whittaker, Australia's inaugural UFC champion, said they were bracing for one of the toughest tests of their career.
"It's going to be a hard fight. I know this," they said.
"But we're going to go out there and give a good show."
American Rockhold said they were primed to give WA fans their money's worth.
"This arena looks amazing. It's going to be loud," Rockhold said.
"(Fans) are going to get the best of the best. They've got a treat coming."
Tickets to the bout go on sale this Friday through Ticketek.
A laser treatment for male genitals has been trending since early January, despite the many dangers associated with whitening such a sensitive part of a man's body.
The latest beauty trend has raised eyebrows and the concern of many surgeons over the health risks posed by the procedure itself, ranging from burns and scars to taut skin or the exact opposite of their initial desire – a darker penis.
"I think it should not be done in a patient that doesn't need it," Milan plastic surgeon Massimiliano Brambilla, who specializes in genital procedures, said. Most of the substances that are used to whiten…are quite aggressive. Whitening is one of those things that I am very careful of."
The whitening service costs around $650 for five sessions.
As it so happens, penises are not alone in this trend…they've been joined by vagina bleaching which has become a bombshell hit in the Philippines. This procedure also has side effects, such as bruising, blistering and even skin infections, and costs $979.
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)US media accusations of President Donald Trump administration's alleged contacts with Russian intelligence aim to impeach Trump, Russian Senator Vladimir Jabbarov told Sputnik on Wednesday.
"This is a common tactic to try to discredit a particular person. Not one intelligence rats out their sources, therefore there will be no confirmation to the accusations against Trump," Jabbarov said.
The senior lawmaker noted that if Trump "continues to turn in their people, everything will come to a sad end."
"Because the ultimate goal of their opponents is to achieve the US president's impeachment," Jabbarov argued.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Don't let its four-door setup and hits high-riding persona fool you – the Lamborghini Urus is a supercar through and through. Under the hood is a birturbo V8 good for 650 horsepower (484 kilowatts), giving the super SUV the ability to sprint to 62 miles per hour (100 kilometers per hour) in 3.59 seconds, and on to a top speed of 186 mph (300 kmh).
It's impressive enough that the Urus is able to put down that type of performance with four doors, but imagine the raging bull with just two. Artist X-Tomi Design has done exactly that in their latest rendering, and the coupe-styling fits the persona of the Urus surprisingly well. The SUV keeps its same aggressive personality, of course, but with the departure of the second set of doors it's even easier to imagine the SUV in a performance setting.
The new rendering comes just a few days after the Urus SUV was given hardcore S and SuperVeloce treatments courtesy of rendering artists. The renderings propose two hardcore offerings for the new SUV – paired with a two-door setup, the S and SV look appropriately aggressive.
Two doors or four, the Lamborghini Urus is still one of the most potent SUVs on the planet. The company hopes to capture the Nürburgring SUV record with an attempt next spring. The time to beat is 7 minutes and 51.7 seconds set by the Alfa Romeo Stelvio Quadrifoglio.
A hybrid version of the Urus is also on the way, Lamborghini suggesting that a battery-powered version of the SUV is
"necessary" for the brand moving forward. The Urus PHEV could adopt the Porsche Panamera Turbo S E-Hybrid's engine, which combines for an output of 680 horsepower (507 kilowatts) and 626 pound-feet (850 Newton-meters), making it even more powerful than the gas-powered version.
Source: X-Tomi Design
Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites Market by Product Type ( Short Fiber Thermoplastic Composites, Long Fiber Thermoplastic Composites, Continuous Fiber Thermoplastic Composites, Glass Mat Thermoplastic Composites) by Application ( Automobile, Electrical & Electronics, Transportation, Aerospace & Defense) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026
This report studies the Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/carbon-fiber-thermoplastic-composites-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites Market: Product Type
• Short Fiber Thermoplastic Composites
• Long Fiber Thermoplastic Composites
• Continuous Fiber Thermoplastic Composites
• Glass Mat Thermoplastic Composites
Carbon Fiber Thermoplastic Composites Market: Vessel Type
• Electrical & Electronics
• Transportation
• Aerospace & Defense
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/carbon-fiber-thermoplastic-composites-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Australian business investment missed expectations last quarter as manufacturers cut back on spending, yet other sectors including miners splashed out more on plants and machinery in a positive sign for economic growth.
Investment rose 0.4 per cent in the March quarter to $29.81 billion, data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) showed on Thursday.
That undershot forecasts for a 0.7 per cent gain, though largely because investment in the previous quarter was revised higher to show an increase of 0.2 per cent from a fall of 0.2 per cent.
Importantly, spending on equipment, plant and machinery climbed 2.5 per cent and should have added moderately to economic growth in the first quarter.
The miss on the headline number did little to move the Australian dollar, which at 1231 AEST was at 75.61 US cents, almost unchanged from levels ahead of the data release.
Figures due next week are likely to show Australia's $1.8 trillion gross domestic product expanded by anywhere from 0.5 per cent to 0.8 per cent in the quarter.
Helping the economy is the dimishing drag from the mining investment wind-down and an upswing in non-mining construction to meet the needs of a rapidly growing population.
The latest estimates for business investment in the year to June 2018 were upgraded further to $117.5 billion, from a previous $114.6 billion, topping most analysts forecasts of $115.1 billion.
Spending plans for sectors including utilities, construction and retail trade, were all running at record highs.
At Walkerston Dental, effective treatment is available for people who need an emergency dentist in Walkerston.
[WALKERSTON, 3/7/2018] — A person's oral health can unexpectedly take a sudden turn for the worse at any time. As an experienced emergency dentist in Walkerston, Walkerston Dental offer same-day appointments for contemporary relief from dental discomfort.
Visiting the emergency dentist in Walkerston
Walkerston Dental often provides relief for patients who've suffered injury while playing sports. Damaging a tooth during dinner is another common reason that patients seek an emergency dentist in Walkerston. To maximise the chances of preserving the teeth and preventing infection, it's best to call the emergency dentist in Walkerston as soon as something feels wrong with the teeth.
The treatments provided by Walkerston Dental work best when they are accessed in a timely manner by the patient. The emergency dentist in Walkerston can examine the patient's mouth to assess the extent of the damage. Treatment to reduce distress and preserve dental function can then be provided. The emergency dentist in Walkerston might carry out temporary or long-term repairs to the teeth on the day. It depends on the nature of the condition.
After a visit to Walkerston Dental
A follow-up appointment might be needed after the patient has seen the emergency dentist in Walkerston at Walkerston Dental. These appointments are an important part of the patient's oral health routine and are aimed at stabilising and improving their overall condition. With the efficient treatments at Walkerston Dental, the patient can avoid the need to unnecessarily re-visit the emergency dentist in Walkerston.
The team at Walkerston Dental will offer the patient a range of solutions with an unbiased approach. Whether it's advanced tooth decay or a sporting blunder that's prompted the visit to the emergency dentist in Walkerston, the patient will be treated with tact and respect.
Walkerston Dental is a family-owned contemporary practice, and the relaxing surroundings help patients seeking an emergency dentist in Walkerston to feel at ease.
By repairing the teeth and keeping an eye on the patient's oral health, Walkerston Dental will encourage the improvement of the patient's overall dental condition. At the emergency dentist in Walkerston, the patient will find modern solutions to acute discomfort.
For more information, visit http://www.walkerstondental.com.au/.
Brighton and Hove Albion were promoted to the Premier League as goals from Glenn Murray and Solly March secured a 2-1 win over Wigan Athletic in the Championship.
Brighton's rise to the top flight was confirmed after Huddersfield Town were held to a 1-1 draw at Derby County in the late game.
That result left Brighton on 92 points, seven ahead of Newcastle United and 13 clear of third-placed Reading with four games remaining.
Brighton fans had invaded the pitch at the end of their game to celebrate their return to the top flight after a 34-year absence.
A run of five straight wins came at just the right time for Brighton, who agonisingly missed out on automatic promotion last season after finishing third and failing to get through the playoffs.
“I'm incredibly proud of the way that they bounced back. To put together the run they have, at this stage of the season, is incredibly difficult, and they deserve every bit of credit,” Brighton manager Chris Hughton said.
“I knew we had a group of lads that were capable of doing it, but being capable of doing it and actually doing it are two different things.
“They've been good all season. They've bounced back and shown good determination and desire to win as many games as possible. It is a wonderful achievement,” they added.
Second-placed Newcastle slumped to a 3-1 loss to Ipswich Town in what has been a disappointing Easter for Rafa Benitez's team who were held to a 1-1 home draw by Leeds United on Friday.
Reading kept up the pressure on Newcastle and are now six points behind them after coming from a goal down to beat bottom side Rotherham United 2-1 thanks to second-half strikes from Lewis Grabban and John Swift.
Fulham defeated Aston Villa 3-1, taking advantage of Leeds's 1-0 loss to Wolverhampton Wanderers to climb above them into sixth position and the final playoff spot.
Sheffield Wednesday maintained their playoff push and are in fifth place on 75 points, two ahead of Fulham, after a 2-1 win at Queens Park Rangers.
The sun sets as seen from the Anzac Cove beach in Gallipoli peninsula, Turkey, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, the night before Anzac Day commemoration events. Anzac Cove is a small cove on the Gallipoli peninsula and the site of World War I landing of the ANZACs (Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) on April, 25, 1915. The doomed Allied offensive to secure a naval route from the Mediterranean to Istanbul through the Dardanelles, and take the Ottomans out of the war, resulted in over 130,000 deaths on both sides. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
The sun sets as seen from the Anzac Cove beach in Gallipoli peninsula, Turkey, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, the night before Anzac Day commemoration events. Anzac Cove is a small cove on the Gallipoli peninsula and the site of World War I landing of the ANZACs (Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) on April, 25, 1915. The doomed Allied offensive to secure a naval route from the Mediterranean to Istanbul through the Dardanelles, and take the Ottomans out of the war, resulted in over 130,000 deaths on both sides. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Thousands of Australians gathered at pre-dawn services on Wednesday to commemorate the moment when Australian and New Zealand Army Corps troops waded ashore at the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey 103 years ago in their first major battle of World War I.
Because extremists have targeted annual ANZAC Day ceremonies in the past, concrete barriers were placed around the service in downtown Sydney to protect those who gathered at Martin Place.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, their French counterpart Edouard Philippe and the heir to the British throne, Prince Charles, will mark ANZAC Day in France with a service that also commemorates the 100th anniversary of Australian troops taking the town of Villers-Bretonneux from the Germans. Villers-Bretonneux is now home to the main Australian Memorial of the Western Front.
At Villers-Bretonneux, Turnbull and Philippe on Tuesday unveiled a memorial plaque at the new Sir John Monash Centre museum which is named after the Australian general responsible for taking the town.
Turnbull and their wife, Lucy, also visited the grave of their great uncle Roger Hughes who was killed by a German shell in 1916 five days after arriving on the Western Front as a young military doctor.
Turnbull said in an ANZAC Day message that Australians remember veterans of every generation who risked their lives for their country.
"We best honor the ANZACs of 1918 and the First World War by supporting today's service men and women," Turnbull said on social media.
Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton represents the Australian government at a service at ANZAC Cove at Gallipoli, where the Australian and New Zealand troops landed under British command in an ill-fated attempt to take the Ottoman Empire out of the war.
More than 44,000 Allied soldiers were killed at Gallipoli. Turkish casualties were estimated at 250,000.
At the Australian War Memorial in the capital Canberra, an estimated crowd of 38,000 - 10 percent of the city's population - gathered in the cool autumn darkness for the dawn service which began with a lone soldier playing a didgeridoo.
"The attendance at this year's dawn service shows the enduring connection so many people have to Anzac Day," Memorial Director Brendan Nelson said in a statement.
Briland, Eleuthera – Fresh off the Sealink, the community of Harbour Island just received two old and beat up golf carts that will be used or pushed around the island on patrol by RBPF.
Briland is known for its pink sands, breathtaking beautiful scenery and the island of the rich of famous frolic. Will have police patrolling in beat up and old golf carts.
Hubert Minnis can pay a British QC $20k to try 3 cases, but cannot purchase new golf carts for the Briland police to use to fight crime and protect citizens. UNBELIEVABLE!
And after borrowing $1.7 billion dollars in 10 months in office, the public is curious and want to know what was the money spent on. Or better yet…Where is da money?
We report yinner decide!
In a 1974 photo, G. Burton German Jr., right, and Walter Kurkian ride in a convertible with the top down during Merchantville's Centennial Parade. Mr. German was the South Jersey borough's mayor at the time, and they were named Centennial Man of the Year.
G. Burton German Jr., 90, a lifelong resident of Merchantville, Camden County, who immersed themselves in the civic life of the borough as councilman, mayor, fire chief, and water-utility commissioner, died Saturday, April 21, of respiratory failure at their home.
Mr. German made their living as an insurance salesperson at the Smith-Austermuhl Insurance Co. in Camden. But what defined them was public service, their friends and family said.
They began by serving as a Merchantville councilman from 1963 to 1969 and went on to become mayor in 1969 and served until 1975. They were a life member of the Niagara Fire Company and held the post of borough fire commissioner.
Starting in 1976, they began 42 years of service as a commissioner of the Merchantville-Pennsauken Water Commission, a utility that monitors area water quality. Their last meeting was April 12, when they resigned for health reasons.
“We celebrated their service,” said Patrick Brennan, a utility co-commissioner and former Merchantville mayor. “He was struggling to be there. It was difficult for him. We had the opportunity to say thank you.”
“It's one of the best-run water utilities in the state, without question, for three out of the last six years,” said Merchantville Mayor Edward Brennan, Patrick's son. “I think a lot of that can be linked directly to Burt and their community service.”
While mayor, Mr. German participated in the planning of the borough's elaborate 1974 centennial celebration. They and former Mayor Walter Kurkian rode in a convertible in a special parade. As part of the proceedings, Mr. German was named Centennial Man of the Year for their dedication to the borough.
Mr. German was a valuable, generous source of history about the borough. “He was so personable,” said Maureen McLoone, president of the Merchantville Historical Society. “Years after being out of office as mayor, they always had time to talk to you and wanted to fill you in on Merchantville history.”
Earlier this year, Mr. German gave an oral history as part of an Eagle Scout project. The film of the interview will be shown at a historical society meeting in the fall, McLoone said.
Born in Camden, Mr. German graduated from Merchantville High School.
As an adult, Mr. German became an official for their children's swimming programs. “That just took off,” said daughter Judy Stacy. “He jumped in with both feet.”
Mr. German became rules chairperson for USA Swimming, which picks the Olympic team; was active in the Woodbine Swim Club and the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association's swim program; and ran the Burt German Tri-County Swimming Championship in South Jersey.
They were so involved that officials named the competition after him, their daughter said.
Mr. German had a distinguished bearing and seemed to Patrick Brennan like “an English squire set in Merchantville.”
“He had that air about them of dignity and grace, and they didn't disabuse that,” Patrick Brennan said. “He was deserving of your attention, but didn't waste a lot of time.”
Mr. German was a member of the American Legion and they served on the governing council of the Colestown Cemetery in Cherry Hill, whose gatehouse is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Their daughter said they came to their children's school events, even if it meant they had to travel. “Sometimes they would be the only parent there,” Stacy said. “As we got older, they still always supported us, with our families and everything we did.”
Mr. German was married to Ann Dilmore German, who died 2008. In addition to their daughter, they are survived by children Gregory W. and Lynne Burns; five grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.
A visitation will be from 6 to 8 p.m. Friday, April 27, at Kain-Murphy Funeral Services, 15 West End Ave., Haddonfield, N.J. Funeral services and interment are private.
Donations may be made in Mr. German's name to the USA Swimming Foundation, 1 Olympic Plaza, Colorado Springs, Colo. 80909, via foundation@usaswimming.org; or to the Merchantville Fire Department — Niagara Fire Company, 22 E. Park Ave, Merchantville, N.J, 08109, via https://merchantvillefire.org/
The following April 23, 2018 crime report was supplied by LAPD Senior Lead Officer Michael Moore of the West L.A. Division. Arrests do not indicate a conviction.
Stolen Vehicle
600 E Rustic, 4/21/18 at 6:15 PM. The suspect (male white, brown hair, 5'8″ 160 lb, 20/25 years) took victim's vehicle from a residential driveway.
Burglary
200 Alma Real, btwn 4/14/18 at 2PM and 4/16/18 at 7 AM. The suspect entered location under construction, possibly using a key, and took several televisions.
200 Mabery, 3/30/18 btwn 1 AM and 10 AM. The suspect entered home and took victim's tools.
Theft
600 East Channel, 4/14/18 at 8 AM and 4/15/18 at 10 PM. The suspect (possibly worker inside resident) took victim's wallet and money.
TOKYO, April 28 Japan's Nikkei share average ticked down on Friday as a relief rally driven by fading political worries in Europe fizzled, but the benchmark managed to score its largest weekly gain since early December.
The Nikkei fell 0.3 percent to 19,196.74 , off five-week highs of 19,289.43 touched on Wednesday. But it was up 3.1 percent on the week.
The broader Topix fell 0.3 percent to 1,531.80, with turnover of the main board hitting 2.546 trillion yen, its highest in three weeks and about 15 percent above the long-term average.
Nintendo, the most heavily traded shares on Friday, rose 2.1 percent after its earnings suggested strong sales of its new Switch console. (Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
As they get to the details of how they killed Culleton, who was the first to die that day, their voice softens and they bury their head in their hands.
The night before the murders, they said, they went to see Culleton, who they claim to have dated, at their cottage on Kamaniskeg Lake, where they said they and their new boyfriend laughed at him.
Then they returned to their home, about 24 km away in Palmer Rapids, Ont., and drank rye with a neighbour while they discussed the Bible, before falling asleep on the couch.
The next morning, they borrowed a friend's car, stopped for gas and then drove back to Culleton's cottage.
"I remember thinking that God is really helping me because when I went to Carol's, Carol walked right outside," they say, so quietly it is at times difficult to hear, with long pauses between sentences.
"And then I asked her, I said, 'Why do you hate me, why are you doing this to me?' And then they closed the door, I was right there, and then I broke the window with my elbow and I reached in and I unlocked the door. And they said, 'This isn't you, Basil, this is not you'."
They said Culleton then told them a man was coming over to fix the electricity and they told them they were lying.
"There was a, a cable, a TV coil, I picked it up and I hit them with it and I wrapped it around their head. They just kept saying 'this is not you Basil, this is not you.' And then, then I walked around the cottage."
They said they found their purse and took their keys and phone and car. They threw the phone out the window as they drove so nobody could see the text message conversation they'd had.
They drove to Kuzyk's house, about 20 kilometres away in Wilno, Ont., and they too walked outside before going back into their home after seeing him. They followed.
"I asked Anastasia 'why did you lie in court?' and they said 'I didn't,' and the gun went off. Because it's just lying."
They said God then told them to get back in the car so they did and drove to Warmerdam's home, about 30 kilometres west in Cormac, Ont.
"What happened? I just drove in, walked in the door, they were sitting there, they went around the corner, I followed them Boom. That was it and I walked out. It was funny, like I wasn't even pulling the trigger on the gun, the gun was just going off. Boop."
Borutski at one point said the Bible makes a distinction between killing and murder and only murder is wrong because it is taking the life of someone who is innocent. That's why, they said, they didn't shoot themselves that day, because it would have been like murdering himself.
They said that throughout much of the day they experienced an out-of-body experience and described themselves repeatedly as a "zombie."
The trial resumes Tuesday.
-follow @mrabson on Twitter.
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Some Skagway leaders are growing frustrated with what they see as an unproductive back-and-forth with White Pass and Yukon Route Railroad.
What started as a hopeful process aimed at a new tidelands lease has now turned into something close to a stalemate.
At the latest Skagway Assembly meeting, members were unsure how to move forward.
The talk at Thursday's meeting cast doubt on whether the city and railroad will be able to reach a tentative agreement at all.
“I'm kinda at a loss at this point,” outgoing Assembly member Spencer Morgan said. “What I see White Pass doing and what I see on paper coming back is really taking out a lot of the protections the municipality has asked for.”
In late September, the Assembly made changes to a working memorandum of understanding. The memorandum would make way for a new 15-year tidelands lease with White Pass. But then White Pass sent back its edits to the document, and the changes the railroad proposed were disheartening for the assembly.
White Pass crossed out a line about working with the city as joint cruise terminal operators.
The company added in a paragraph about easements that the Assembly wanted to outline in a separate contract. It also reinstated wording saying the city cannot unreasonably withhold a sale or transfer of the lease.
Those are just a few of the changes that bothered Assembly members.
“What White Pass responded with this time, it's definitely regressing,” Assembly member Orion Hanson said. “I think we probably should just get what we're very comfortable with …and the way that we want to see it done, and if White Pass doesn't like that, then I guess there's not an MOU.”
The major motivation behind all of this is a new floating dock.
Cruise industry leaders told Skagway it would fall behind if it doesn't install a new dock for bigger ships by 2019.
But Skagway can't just go ahead and build it.
White Pass controls the tidelands in question for another five years. The railroad said if it gets a new lease, then it will cooperate on the floating dock.
The city has been working on a request for proposals to start design work on the floating component. But manager Scott Hahn said the city shouldn't advertise the proposals request until they know whether they even have access to the area.
“You don't want to spend any more of your money on engineering that doesn't yield results,” Hahn said. “I'm really concerned about going out to bid before having a fairly good idea of we can get in there.”
Hahn referred to the recent election results, and said they could move Skagway further away from a White Pass agreement.
Monica Carlson and David Brena, two lease opponents, were elected mayor and assembly member. Dan Henry won the Assembly second seat. They supported a previous lease proposal.
The Assembly decided to prepare the request for proposals so it's ready to go to bid if the access situation becomes more clear.
Here's another layer of the port conundrum: White Pass could be sold.
A June news release said the railroad's parent company, ClubLink, is conducting a review of White Pass which may include selling the business.
White Pass operates primarily as an excursion for cruise visitors. And there's been speculation about whether a cruise line might buy the railroad.
White Pass and ClubLink officials did not return requests for comment on this question.
Hahn addressed the concern at Thursday's meeting.
“I do see situations, however extreme, if a cruise ship company bought the railroad company, and decided to play around with the schedules, to say, “Well, it's just not profitable to have them operating on Thursdays and Mondays so we're gonna shut those days down,”” Hahn said.
In light of the concern about a potential cruise line monopoly on the docks, the assembly is amending municipal code to try to ensure a fair marketplace.
The Assembly referred the code changes to the port commission.
As for the tidelands memorandum on which so many questions hinge, the Assembly did not decide on a next step.
After England's dramatic World Cup penalty shootout victory over Colombia in the best of 16, the Royal quickly logged in to Kensington Palace's Twitter to celebrate the team, much to the pleasure of the British fans.
On Tuesday evening, Moscow's Spartak Stadium saw England win 4-3 in the penalty shootout against Colombia and advance to the quarter-finals for the first time since 2006
READ MORE: England Knocks Out Colombia in FIFA World Cup Round of 16 in Penalty Shootout
Shortly after Eric Dier, England's fifth penalty-taker, went for a victory run in the crowded arena, Prince William logged in to Kensington Palace's official Twitter account to leave a sweet celebratory message for the team, saying that "the whole country is right behind you for Saturday!"
I couldn't be prouder of @england — a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the #worldcup and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday! Come on England! W — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) 3 июля 2018 г.
The post caused a meltdown in the Twitterverse, with many fans sharing Prince William's excitement over the dramatic win and craving for more "personal tweets."
Get in there William and get in there England — Kate Perring (@Perring) 3 июля 2018 г.
Wills ❤️👑 — Camila 🦋 (@CutieMys) 3 июля 2018 г.
YESSSSS!!!! Would love to see more “personal tweets” like this in the future! #ComeOnEngland — Lauren (@RunLauren) 4 июля 2018 г.
Wow! William tweeted!! This is so cool! — Sandy Divsalar (@SandyDivsalar) 3 июля 2018 г.
My heartrate has come back to normal now. This has been an amazing world cup — Hannah Louise Harvey (@purple_daisy_21) 3 июля 2018 г.
Well said, Prince William. In the words of the late Sir Bruce Forsyth, "Didn't they do well!" — M P Hendry (@BoltonMike) 3 июля 2018 г.
England will face Sweden in Saturday's quarterfinal at the Samara Arena.
Britain's National Secularist Society said in its report that the future coronation of Prince Charles as King should begin a discussion on disestablishing the Church of England, ending its position as the national religion of the UK.
Anglican Christianity is intimately bound up in the British political system, with up to 26 seats in the UK House of Lords reserved for Church Bishops who can vote on legislation.
The Society's report published on December 11 criticized the argument that the Church provides a source of moral guidance to the country, citing what it considers its past regressive stances on homosexuality, divorce and female clergy. It also called the Church in general unrepresentative of the UK's population, based on the rapid decline in Britons identifying as Christians from 67 percent in 1983 to 41.7 percent in 2014.
The presence of Church clergy in the national legislative bodies unfairly affects the making and unmaking of laws in the other countries of the UK, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, the report says.
The Church of England generally traces its history back to the year AD597 when Saint Augustine established a Church at Canterbury in Kent, whose modern successors, the Archbishops of Canterbury preside over the Monarch's coronation as well as royal weddings and funerals.
© AFP 2017/ Leon Neal The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby (C) walks in procession after being Enthroned in Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury on March 21, 2013.
The English Church remained under the authority of the Roman Pope until 1534, when King Henry VIII broke ties with the Vatican and declared themselves head of the Church, binding the state and religion even more closely.
AUBURN, AL - OCTOBER 07: Mississippi Rebels quarterback Shea Patterson (20) tries to avoid the pressure from Auburn Tigers linebacker Jeff Holland (4) during a football game between the Auburn Tigers and the Ole Miss Rebels, Saturday, October 7, 2017 on October 6, 2017, at Jordan-Hare Stadium in Auburn, Ala. (Photo by Scott Donaldson/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Michigan was in desperate need of a quarterback this season, and Jim Harbaugh just landed a new one.
Shea Patterson, the top-ranked dual threat quarterback in the 2016 recruiting class, announced on Monday they are transferring to Michigan from Ole Miss.
It's not yet clear whether he'll be eligible for the 2018 season, but the Patterson family is reportedly confident they can win an appeal. Ole Miss is on probation through the 2020 season.
Patterson was in Ann Arbor over the weekend, taking in Michigan's basketball game versus UCLA, and announced their decision Monday afternoon on Twitter.
“Thank you to the wonderful people, teammates and coaches at Ole Miss,” Patterson wrote. “It is a special place and I will always have great memories of my experiences at Oxford. I am now excited to announce my commitment to continue my athletic and academic career at The University of Michigan. It's time to go to work. #GoBlue”
In their first full season as the Rebels' starting quarterback, Patterson passed for 2,259 yards with 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions. They suffered a season-ending knee injury in October.
Michigan used three quarterbacks this season in Wilton Speight, John O'Korn and Brandon Peters, none of whom were all that impressive. The Wolverines went 8-4 and finished fourth in the Big Ten East.
Last month, Speight and Alex Malzone both announced they are transferring. Michigan returns Peters and Dylan McCaffrey at quarterback. They'll both compete with Patterson, if he's deemed eligible by the NCAA, for the starting job next season.
Michigan is also pursuing safety Deontay Anderson and wide receiver Van Jefferson from Ole Miss. They were in Ann Arbor with Patterson.
FAIRFAX, Va. (AP) - A judge is weighing whether to force a Virginia university's philanthropic arm to disclose details of its relationship with the conservative Charles Koch Foundation.
The foundation gives tens of millions of dollars annually to universities all over the country, but no school has received more Koch money than Fairfax-based George Mason University, which has gained a reputation as a conservative powerhouse in law and free-market economic thought.
A student-led group, Transparent GMU, has been seeking details of the school's donor agreements with the foundation. Some students are concerned the Koch money comes with strings attached.
The trial began Tuesday in Fairfax. It centers on whether the George Mason University Foundation, a separate corporate entity from the university itself, is a subject to the state's freedom-of-information laws.
Samantha Parsons, a former GMU student who for years has been active in raising concerns about the Koch Foundation's influence, said awareness among the student body has increased tenfold since 2016, when the school named its law school for conservative jurist Antonin Scalia in conjunction with a $10 million Koch Foundation donation.
"The name change is a consequence of a bigger issue - donors buying control over the university," said Parsons, who has since graduated and now works for an activist group, UnKoch My Campus, which calls attention to donations made to universities by the Koch Foundation.
About 25 students, faculty and others rallied at the courthouse Tuesday before Tuesday's trial, asserting that Koch money represents a danger to the university's academic freedom. Many of those students filled the courtroom Tuesday. The judge, John Tran, applauded the students for their activism. After both sides made their closing arguments, Tran took the case under advisement and said they will issue a ruling at a later date.
University officials have said in the past that receipt of Koch funds does not influence how or what the school teaches.
A university spokesperson did not return an email seeking comment Tuesday.
At the trial, lawyers for the GMU Foundation argued the foundation does not perform any duties that warrant public oversight or allow members of the public to make requests of it through the state's Freedom of Information Act.
"We are not a public body," said GMU Foundation lawyer Robert Hodges.
The university itself was dismissed from the lawsuit after it argued that it didn't have any of the donor agreements in its possession, because they are held by the GMU Foundation.
Transparent GMU's lawyer, Evan Johns, argued that the GMU Foundation works hand-in-hand with the school, and that by managing the school's fundraising and relationships with private donors it is in fact carrying out a core function of the university and should be subject the Freedom of Information Act just like any other state agency.
Tonight's weather forecast from the Weather Watch Centre
Department of Public Communications/Government Information Agency(DPI/GINA) June 14, 2017
Coastal locations can expect partly cloudy skies, becoming cloudy with light to moderate showers as the night progresses. All other locations can expect partly cloudy to cloudy skies with scattered light to moderate showers. Parts of Regions Seven (7) and Eight (8) may also experience isolated thundershowers.
Tomorrow' forecast: Cloudy skies with scattered light to moderate showers are likely throughout Guyana during the morning hours. Coastal areas and Region 9 can expect skies to become generally fair as the day progress. All other locations may experience mostly cloudy skies with isolated thundershowers during the afternoon hours.
By: Namela Baynes-Henry
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Somewhere in our galaxy, an exoplanet is probably orbiting a star that's colder than our sun, but instead of freezing solid, the planet might be cozy warm thanks to a greenhouse effect caused by methane in its atmosphere.
NASA astrobiologists from the Georgia Institute of Technology have developed a comprehensive new model that shows how planetary chemistry could make that happen. The model, published in a new study in the journal Nature Geoscience, was based on a likely scenario on Earth three billion years ago, and was actually built around its possible geological and biological chemistry.
The sun produced a quarter less light and heat then, but Earth remained temperate, and methane may have saved our planet from an eon-long deep-freeze, scientists hypothesize. Had it not, we and most other complex life probably wouldn't be here today.
The new model combined multiple microbial metabolic processes with volcanic, oceanic and atmospheric activities, which may make it the most comprehensive of its kind to date. But while studying Earth's distant past, the Georgia Tech researchers aimed their model light-years away, wanting it to someday help interpret conditions on recently discovered exoplanets.
The researchers set the model's parameters broadly so that they could apply not only to our own planet but potentially also to its siblings with their varying sizes, geologies, and lifeforms.
Earth and its siblings
"We really had an eye to future use with exoplanets for a reason," said Chris Reinhard, the study's principal investigator and an assistant professor in Georgia Tech's School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences. "It's possible that the atmospheric methane models that we are exploring for the early Earth represent conditions common to biospheres throughout our galaxy because they don't require such an advanced stage of evolution like we have here on Earth now."
Reinhard and first author Kazumi Ozaki published their Nature Geoscience paper on December 11, 2017. The research was supported by the NASA Postdoctoral Program, the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science, the NASA Astrobiology Institute and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Previous models have examined the mix of atmospheric gases needed to keep Earth warm in spite of the sun's former faintness, or studied isolated microbial metabolisms that could have made the needed methane. "In isolation, each metabolism hasn't made for productive models that accounted well for that much methane," Reinhard said.
The Georgia Tech researchers synergized those isolated microbial metabolisms, including ancient photosynthesis, with geological chemistry to create a model reflective of the complexity of an entire living planet. And the model's methane production ballooned.
"It's important to think about the mechanisms controlling the atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases in the framework of all biogeochemical cycles in the ocean and atmosphere," said first author Ozaki, a postdoctoral assistant.
Carl Sagan and the faint Sun
The Georgia Tech model strengthens a leading hypothesis that attempts to explain a mystery called the "faint young Sun paradox" pointed out by iconic late astronomer Carl Sagan and their Cornell University colleague George Mullen in 1972.
Astronomers noticed long ago that stars burned brighter as they matured and weaker in their youths. They calculated that about two billion years ago, our sun must have shone about 25 percent fainter than it does today.
That would have been too cold for any liquid water to exist on Earth, but paradoxically, strong evidence says that liquid water did exist. "Based on the observation of the geological record, we know that there must have been liquid water," Reinhard said, "and in some cases, we know that temperatures were similar to how they are today, if not a little warmer."
Sagan and Mullen postulated that Earth's atmosphere must have created a greenhouse effect that saved it. Back then, they suspected ammonia was at work, but chemically, that idea proved less feasible.
"Methane has taken a lead role in this hypothesis," Reinhard said. "When oxygen and methane enter the atmosphere, they chemically cancel each other out over time in a complex chain of chemical reactions. Because there was extremely little oxygen in the air back then, it would have allowed for methane to build up much higher levels than today."
Iron, and rust photosynthesis
At the core of the model are two different types of photosynthesis. But three billion years ago, the dominant type of photosynthesis we know today that pumps out oxygen may not have even existed yet.
Instead, two other very primitive bacterial photosynthetic processes likely were essential to Earth's ancient biosphere. One transformed iron in the ocean into rust, and the other photosynthesized hydrogen into formaldehyde.
"The model relied on lots of volcanic activity spewing out hydrogen," Ozaki said. Other bacteria fermented the formaldehyde, and other bacteria, still, turned the fermented product into methane.
The two photosynthetic processes served as the watch spring of the model's clockwork, which pulled in 359 previously established biogeochemical reactions spanning land, sea and air.
3,000,000 runs and raging methane
The model was not the type of simulation that produces a video animation of Earth's ancient biogeochemistry. Instead, the model mathematically analyzed the processes, and the output was numbers and graphs.
Ozaki ran the model more than 3 million times, varying parameters, and found that if the model contained both forms of photosynthesis operating in tandem, that 24 percent of the runs produced enough methane to create the balance needed in the atmosphere to maintain the greenhouse effect and keep ancient Earth, or possibly an exoplanet, temperate.
"That translates into about a 24 percent probability that this model would produce a stable, warm climate on the ancient Earth with a faint sun or on an Earth-like exoplanet around a dimmer star," Reinhard said. "Other models that looked at these photosynthetic metabolisms in isolation have much lower probabilities of producing enough methane to keep the climate warm."
"We're confident that this rather unique statistical approach means that you can take the basic insights of this new model to the bank," they said.
Other explanations for the "faint young Sun paradox" have been more cataclysmic and perhaps less regular in their dynamics. They include ideas about routine asteroid strikes stirring up seismic activity thus resulting in more methane production, or about the sun consistently firing coronal mass ejections at Earth, heating it up.
###
The research was co-authored by Eiichi Tajika, Peng K. Hong and Yusuke Nakagawa of the University of Tokyo. The research was supported by the NASA Postdoctoral Program, the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (grant 25120006), the NASA Astrobiology Institute (grant NNA 15BB03A) and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation (grant FR-2015-65744). Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of those sponsors.
Like good and bad of every business and task, there is a good and a bad online travel booking procedure. This article aims to explain some of the features you should look for in an online travel booking and travel management agency.
While there is no such thing as a ‘perfect' process, there are several websites in India that do offer quality features. Finding them out can be quite a daunting task and that's one of the major reasons why the travel industry has high abandonment rates.
If you are about to book an online travel or wish to do so in future, the aspects listed here must be on your lookout. A hassle-free booking is something every travel enthusiast loves and you ought to make sure you have it too.
1. Customer Reviews
Customer reviews should be your main concern not just in online travel booking but also when you research for the best b2b hotel bookings for corporates etc. User reviews reveal if the offered services of a site actually worked out or not. It helps you spot any issues that can ruin your travel beforehand. Although, you should be aware of som ultra-fluffy reviews as they are usually sponsored by the company itself! Platforms like TripAdvisor are best to combat this misinformation.
2. Ease of use
You and anybody for that matter would not like to book your travel with companies that have no idea about traveling themselves. A clean and clear approach not only makes booking easy but also reflects on the agency's mindset. An easy-to-use search box and good presentation of search results is as basic as it gets. What value a company holds for its customers can be easily judged from their website interface.
3. No Hidden Costs
This is one of the major epidemic plaguing the travel industry. Various sites and companies clickbait users by showing adverts with cheap pricing. This strategy is maliciously used in both offline and online world. There have been various instances when these agencies tripled or quadrupled the final booking rates. While a few add-ons like more legroom sleeping berth etc., are reasonable, steer clear from those charging for the needless services. A quality and reliable travel company will always be upfront about their costs and billings.
4. Customer Assistance
If a company does not enlist customer assistance service on the booking page or the website then you are better off without them. You really wouldn't want a situation in which a problem arises on your journey and you have no assistance to fall back on.
End Note
There are a zillion online booking engine for corporates and enterprises as are for family traveling. Choosing the right online travel booking service does not have to be a daunting task and with the aspects listed above, you can master it with ease.
Source:https://www.prlog.org/12717080-what-to-look-for-when-you-do-an-online-travel-booking.html
USC's Patrick Wright explains why sexual harassment often goes unreported
Catherine Templeton: 'Henry is no Trump!'
1:14
0 Police discover Michigan woman living in house with dead man
WARREN, Mich. - Police in Michigan discovered the badly decomposed body of a man in their bed, and also found that a woman had been living in the house and had not contacted authorities, WJBK reported.
>> Read more trending news
Police in Warren found George Curtis, 68, dead inside their home Monday after family members requested a welfare check.
“Relatives came over yesterday wanting to get in touch with them 'cause their sister was ill or something," Jamie Caza, a neighbor, told WJBK. "They went over there, knocked around and didn't see anything. They suggested going to police."
It was possible that Curtis had been dead for several months, WJBK reported.
"He obviously had been dead for quite a long period of time," Warren Police Commissioner William Dwyer told WWJ. "It's pretty disturbing. We're talking several months that they were lying in that bed."
"My wife was telling me how bad it smelled in there, I'm not sure how you can breathe in there," neighbor Jacob Caza told WJBK.
Police took the woman living with Curtis to a hospital for a mental evaluation. They also sent Curtis' body to the medical examiner to determine how they died, WJBK reported.
"It really is bizarre," Dwyer told WWJ. "For someone to be living in a home for months with someone that had for whatever reason died, to live with the odor and the other factors that are involved in this, it's just quite frankly very disturbing."
George Curtis, 68, may have died a year ago. Warren Police on a family-check found their decomposed body in bed. A woman in the house on Burgundy Ave w/o Schoeherr s/o I-696 is getting checked out. Some neighbors say everybody inside for winter may have "hid" what happened. @WWJ950 pic.twitter.com/FrS8mvuUnu — Mike Campbell (@reportermikec) April 24, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BENTON -- Pennsylvania CareerLink helps people all over the state find jobs and go back to school. The centers in central Pennsylvania are taking a new approach, hoping to reach even more people.
CareerLink introduced a mobile career center on Monday, bringing job matching to you.
Cheryl Kass of Benton knows all about the job search. She's been looking for a job for a few months. They walk to the Northern Columbia Community and Cultural Center daily to use the computers to look for a job.
"I don't drive a car, so I'm looking for local work," Kass said.
Kass was happy when they saw the mobile career lab from CareerLink. It's called The Link, and it will travel to nine counties, bringing CareerLink to the community.
"For me, it's hard because I don't have a computer at home. To come here and get the help that I need and be able to get on the computer and search for jobs it would be great," Kass said.
One of the monthly stops for the mobile career lab is at the Northern Columbia Community and Cultural Center.
"I know that I have individuals that come and use our center and we have a very small computer lab with three computers. And I have people who specifically come and ask to use the computers to job search," Athena Aardweg said.
The new mobile lab was paid for by state grant money. People are invited to come to The Link to look for and apply for jobs, work on their resumes and get career guidance.
The Link has seven computers, a printer, a projection screen and it's even handicapped accessible.
CareerLink representatives say they hope the mobile career lab will help more people find jobs. People like Cheryl Kass who are not able to drive to one of the CareerLink facilities.
"I think it's hard to put a price tag on someone's ability to get a better job or a job. In a small, rural community you don't have many options, you can only go where your transportation will take you," Aardweg said.
The mobile career lab will be at a different spot in central Pennsylvania every day.
To look at the calendar click here.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – DeMarco Murray won the AFC rushing title despite suffering a torn “plantar plate” against the Jaguars in late October.
Murray finished the season with an AFC best 1,287 yards despite rushing for only 21 in the season finale against Houston.
They were tight-lipped about the injury all season but revealed after the game exactly what it was and how painful it was to deal with.
“I won't lie. It was definitely tough just for me to practice. I had to take medication just to practice; it was definitely not 100 percent. It was something I had to deal with, but you have to fight through injuries,” Murray explained.
Murray left the game against Jacksonville in the first half but returned to play in the second half and did not miss a game all season.
They said, “You have to fight through pain, put it somewhere else, and I just wanted to keep playing.”
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) - A man who frequently checked a teenager out of school without their parents' knowledge and fled to Mexico with them will soon be in the custody of Pennsylvania authorities.
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 45-year-old Kevin Esterly and 16-year-old Amy Yu in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and flew them to Miami. An extradition hearing was held Monday for Esterly, and they will be returned to Pennsylvania in the next two weeks, the Miami-Dade State Attorney's office said.
The girl arrived Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown, 60 miles (97 kilometers) away. Esterly faces a felony charge of interference with the custody of a child when they arrive back in Pennsylvania.
The two had been missing since March 5, when Allentown police said they bought one-way tickets from Philadelphia to Dallas and then headed to Cancun. Mexican authorities issued an Amber Alert in the case on Thursday.
Police have said they believe the teen went willingly with the married father of four, who had signed them out of school 10 times in the last few months. The girl had altered their student records to list Esterly as their stepfather, said Gary Hammer, of the Colonial Regional Police Department.
Amy's family previously said the two met at church years ago, and the girl is friends with one of Esterly's daughters.
Attorney John Waldron, who represents Esterly's wife, Stacey, told The (Allentown) Morning Call on Sunday that their husband had been calling them from prison, but they refused to accept their calls and plans to file for divorce.
A SPECTACULAR start to 2018 by international shares has left Aussie stocks for dust.
While local shares have been flat, US stocks have surged almost 5 per cent in just one month, Hong Kong shares are up 8 per cent, and German, Korean, French and Chinese shares have also been strong.
So does that mean global shares are overvalued and heading for a big fall? Not necessarily, say analysts, who believe an improving global economy may drive further gains but warn that a short-term correction is increasingly likely.
Grabbing a slice of global shares is easier than it used to be, and a majority of super fund members own international investments as part of their funds' default investment options.
INVESTING: How to put your money into infrastructure
Other investors go global through exchange traded funds or direct ownership of companies such as Apple and Amazon.
Online trading platforms such as CommSec offer direct share investment in several countries, typically costing between $25 and $50 a trade.
Camera Icon Predicting where global shares will go in 2018 is difficult, but volatility is likely. Picture: Supplied
Nick Griffin, the chief investment officer of international equities manager Munro Partners, said 2018 would deliver strong global economic growth.
“The cycle is maturing but it is not close to ending,” they said. “Earnings growth is still strong and markets generally follow earnings growth.”
A recent report by Middleton Securities says international political uncertainty is the only real threat facing US shares, and that investing overseas makes sense.
CRYPTOCURRENCIES: Would you invest in Trump Coin?
However, it says people should avoid investing in an entire market index — which is what ETFs primarily do. “This is just an investment in big companies and this is where most of the overvaluation risks are,” the report says.
Middletons Securities adviser David Middleton said using professional fund managers was often the best way to go, and good managers were worth the fees.
They said investing internationally through a super fund could help reduce volatility and tax issues. “It's either feast or famine with international funds.”
Choosing to invest directly in individual global companies might sound appealing, but Mr Middleton said this was difficult for most investors.
“Getting good information about what to invest in is pretty hard, and getting research is almost impossible,” they said.
Triple 3 Partners chief executive Simon Ho said global shares would be volatile this year, but there was talk of a “melt up” instead of a meltdown.
“Investors should be cautious. We have had a spectacular global equity run — especially in US equities — and it would be prudent for investors to think about portfolio protection to insulate their portfolios in the event that something untoward happens,” they said.
“The probability of that has unmistakably risen.”
@keanemoney
MOSCOW (AP) - Exit polls suggest Vladimir Putin has easily won a 4th term, keeping them as Russia's president for 6 more years.
Earlier in January, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), the Christian Social Union (CSU) in Bavaria, and the Social Democratic Party (SPD) reached a breakthrough in coalition talks on the formation of the country's government.
The parties have agreed to hammer out a deal by the end of Sunday to form a government after they reached a stalemate over healthcare issues.
"I hope we can manage it," said Chancellor Angela Merkel on behalf of their CDU party on February 2, warning however that there still was "a whole list of very serious points of disagreement."
The sides seem to be reluctant to meet each other halfway and reach a compromise, leaving such big questions as how the renewal of “grand coalition” will shape healthcare, labor laws, pensions, reform of the European Union and euro single currency on the agenda.
READ MORE: Merkel on Government Coalition Talks' Results: Fresh Start for Europe, Germany
Without the consent of SPD party members, Germany will not witness the formation of grand coalition: as was the case in 2013, SPD had the last word when it came to signing a coalition treaty with the CDU and CSU. Members are supposed to vote by letter, submitting “yes” or “no,” with new members being allowed to vote provided they join the party before February 6. According to DW, the Social Democrats have recorded a sudden increase in applications for membership after formal coalition talks in January.
© AP Photo/ Bernd von Jutrczenka/dpa 'It Will Be a Hard Day': Merkel on Stalled Government Coalition Talks
In contrast to the 2013 grand coalition, which 76 percent of the SPD's members approved of, many Social Democrats feel that some of their crucial demands are being overlooked, such as the issue of refugee family reunifications.
Furthermore, rank-and-file party members are at odds with the SPD leader Martin Schulz, who initially insisted that the SPD would enter the opposition in parliament but suddenly changed their mind on coalition talks after the CDU/CSU bloc failed to form a government with the Greens and the Free Democratic Party.
READ MORE: German Social Democrats Say 'Yes' to Coalition Talks With Merkel
Many are dissatisfied with their decision, saying that SPD had suffered at the voting booth in subsequent elections twice in a government under Merkel's leadership. Current opinion polls suggest that support for Martin Schulz's party has reached a record low.
Recently, Merkel had said that they believe that the CDU and the CSU will be able to agree on a coalition government with Social Democrats and that they will try to complete the talks without delays.
© AFP 2018/ Christof STACHE Merkel Says Optimistic About Successfully, Swiftly Completing Coalition Talks With SPD
"I am optimistic and determined that we should achieve a result and I think we are capable of doing that in the foreseeable future," the chancellor said.
The difficult situation in forming a government is the result of the German Free Democratic Party's (FDP) decision to withdraw from the coalition talks with the CDU/CSU and the Greens in on November 20, 2017. If the coalition talks fail, the remaining options for Merkel will be snap elections or a minority government.
The talks follow the elections held in late September, and the CDU/CSU has been working on the formation of the government ever since.
We have produced a new premium report Anticoagulant Market. The report covers the analysis of global as well as regional markets of Anticoagulant. The objective of the study is to identify market sizes of different segments & countries in recent years and to forecast the values for the next six years. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Anticoagulant Market by ROA (oral anticoagulants and injectable anticoagulants), anticoagulant drugs (betrixaban, dabigatran (pradaxa), edoxaban), applications (cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery diseases, cardiac arrhythmia, myocardial infarction) and drug class (factor xa inhibitors, dtis, heparin and vitamin K antagonists) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. The report covers market changing aspects including drivers, restraints, opportunities, and trends expected to encouragement the expansion of the Anticoagulant Market during the said period. The report also provides market attractiveness analysis, by geography, and market share analysis, by key players respectively. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Anticoagulant Market are Sanofi, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, LEO Pharma, Pfizer, The Medicines Company, Bayer HealthCare and BoehringerIngelheim. According to report the global anticoagulant market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 6.9% over the forecast period of 2018-2024.
Get Free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample-request/1369
Market Insight
Anticoagulants are used to eliminate the risk of blood clots in the body. Blood clots are formed when platelets stick together and proteins in the blood bind together to form a solid mass. Generally, blood clots play an important role in stopping external bleeding caused by any injury to the skin. Anticoagulants stop the platelets from adhering to one another and clotting proteins from binding together.
Global Anticoagulant market is showing a positive trend of growth around the globe. There are many factors which are indicating a positive outlook of this market for medium and long term. The increasing aging population is a key driver for the global anticoagulants market. Also, increasing investment in R&D in the pharmaceutical sector and the introduction of innovative oral anticoagulants drugs are expediting the growth of this market. Stringent regulations implemented by many governments for health safety reason could hamper the growth of the global anticoagulants market in short and medium term. Moreover, risk of side-effects and complications associated with anticoagulants also hinders growth of the global anticoagulants market. Moreover, due to increasing awareness about therapeutic applications of anticoagulants in different disease among the physicians and surgeons around the globe could further drive the market globally.
On the basis of region, the Anti-coagulant market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia, and the Rest of the World (RoW). North America dominates the global anticoagulants market. Asia region is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR during the forecast period. China and India are the major countries responsible for driving growth in the Asia Pacific region due to increasing demand for better medical infrastructure, increasing healthcare spending among middle and working class people and governments initiatives to provide better health care services to its citizens. Furthermore, rising awareness about the use of anti-coagulant medicine and therapy among physicians, doctors and common persons, are some major driving force of the anticoagulant market in this regional segment.
Segment Covered
The report on global anticoagulant market covers segments such as, roa, anticoagulant drugs, applications and drug class. On the basis of roa the global anticoagulant market is categorized into oral anticoagulants and injectable anticoagulants. On the basis of anticoagulant drugs the global anticoagulant market is categorized into betrixaban, dabigatran (pradaxa), edoxaban, rivaroxaban (xarelto) and eliquis (apixaban). On the basis of applications the global anticoagulant market is categorized into cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery diseases, cardiac arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, dvt and heart valve replacement. On the basis of drug class the global anticoagulant market is categorized into factor xa inhibitors, dtis, heparin and vitamin K antagonists.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2016-2024.
Anticoagulant Market
The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2018-2024.
Get Discount on this Report: https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/request-discount/1369
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Premium Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global anticoagulant market such as, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, LEO Pharma, Pfizer, The Medicines Company, Bayer HealthCare and BoehringerIngelheim.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global anticoagulant market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of anticoagulant market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2018-2024. We also have highlighted future trends in the anticoagulant market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the anticoagulant market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description, and Companies Mentioned in Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare-medical-devices/global-anticoagulant-market
American Bible Society to employees: Abstain from sex outside marriage or resign
American Bible Society to employees: Abstain from sex outside marriage or resign May 30
I write about social justice and explore how race, gender, sexuality, and class shape our lives in uneven ways.
The Mazzoni Center, on the 1300 block of Bainbridge Street, was also rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct in 2017.
The Mazzoni Center, Philadelphia's largest LGBT health-care provider, is investigating an allegation of sexual harassment within the organization.
In a statement Wednesday evening, the center said the allegation was made anonymously during the question-and-answer portion of its breakout session at the Philadelphia LGBTQ State of the Union, which was held Tuesday at the Kimmel Center.
“These allegations are deeply disturbing and we take these and others like them very seriously,” Mazzoni CEO Lydia Gonzalez Sciarrino said in the statement. “Be assured we will thoroughly investigate these allegations, and we will take prompt, appropriate action to address them.”
They did not offer more details about the allegation, whom it involved or when the harassment took place.
Last year, Mazzoni was rocked by sexual misconduct allegations involving its medical director, Robert Winn. They resigned. A former board member told Philadelphia Weekly that Winn was involved in sexual relationships with patients.
Mazzoni's former CEO, Nurit Shein, was forced out last year amid the controversy. Sciarrino was hired as chief executive earlier this year.
>> Read more: Hiring of Mazzoni Center CEO lacked transparency and community input, critics say
The Black and Brown Workers Cooperative, an activist group whose cofounder is a former HIV prevention counselor at Mazzoni, has continued to demand the resignation of any board members who were present when the allegations involving Winn became known. The Workers Cooperative last year also repeatedly called out racism at Mazzoni, where black employees described being singled out for disciplinary action and facing retaliation for filing complaints.
In the center's statement Wednesday, Sciarrino said that any person who comes forward or cooperates with the investigation will not be reprimanded by Mazzoni. They said they had not known of the allegation before Tuesday.
>> Read more: Lydia Gonzalez Sciarrino's appointment as the first non-LGBTQ leader of Mazzoni sparked outrage in March. Now eight weeks into the job, they make a public appeal to the community.
FRANCONIA, Pa. (AP) - Authorities say a man was driving drunk when they crashed their car into a Pennsylvania home earlier this month, killing an 86-year-old woman who was sleeping inside the residence.
Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin Steele says 21-year-old Joseph Bezanis, of Telford, faces vehicular homicide charges and other counts stemming from the April 6 crash in Franconia, about 35 miles (56 kilometers) northwest of Philadelphia.
Mary Lambert was crushed against an interior wall and was pronounced dead at the scene. Steele said they lived in the home with their son.
Bezanis was released on $100,000 bail after their arraignment Monday. Authorities say they were under the influence of alcohol and marijuana when they drove across several lawns and crashed into the home.
A telephone number Bezanis could not be located Tuesday
The beta releases are available today of Wayland 1.15 and the Weston 4.0 reference compositor. Wayland 1.15 is another relatively modest cycle. Wayland 1.15 pulls in libwayland-egl where as before that library was part of Mesa, making some semantics of Wayland more clear in the documentation, improvements to wayland-scanner, and some minor API additions.The Wayland 1.15 Beta release today has mostly wayland-egl fixes along with some other very minor alterations.Weston 4.0 Beta is out today and as usual that compositor-side work is much more exciting. Weston 4.0 will have initial support for atomic mode-setting, initial support for the input-timestamps protocol, dropping of the older XDG-Shell v5, and a variety of other feature additions/improvements and bug fixes.The Weston 4.0 Beta brings support for its OpenGL renderer to create high priority contexts support for GPUs , various DRM compositor fixes, support for multiple back-ends with simple-dmabuf-drm, and other minor fixes/improvements.More details on the Wayland mailing list . The stable Wayland 1.15.0 / Weston 4.0.0 releases are expected in April.
Hollywood star and former California governor took a spin on an electric bike Monday in Paris as they prepare to attend the One Planet climate summit Tuesday hosted by French President Emmanuel Macron.
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't giving up hope on making a positive change in terms of the Paris climate accord.
Although their president has pulled out from the Paris accord, Schwarzenegger argued that Trump's decision doesn't matter because companies, scientists and other governments can “pick up the slack” to curb global emissions.
The Hollywood star seemed upbeat as they drove an electric bike to go meet Paris's mayor, Anne Hidalgo.
Schwarzenegger said, "Donald Trump pulled Donald Trump out of the Paris agreement," but many in the private sector, cities and state governments, engineers and universities are staying dedicated to combating climate change.
Many people "don't understand what global warming or climate change really means,” they added.
They called on the environmental activists to instead focus on efforts to eliminate pollution because of its health risks.
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting an international summit Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the Paris climate agreement.
Previously Macron urged Trump to reconsider the US withdrawal from the Paris climate accord, a move that has been widely criticized by environmental activists and world leaders.
Scottish memorabilia is seen on display in a shop in Edinburgh, Scotland September 12, 2014. REUTERS/Paul Hackett
LONDON Scotland's economy slowed sharply last year, trailing the rest of the United Kingdom by the biggest margin in six years, official data showed on Wednesday, just days after Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon called for a fresh independence vote.
Scots voted by 55 percent to 45 percent in 2014 to stay part of the United Kingdom, but Sturgeon said last week that there should be a new referendum within the next two years now that Britain plans to leave the European Union.
Most Scots opposed leaving the EU in June 2016's Brexit vote, and on Wednesday Scotland's government blamed negative sentiment after the referendum and a slowdown in the global oil industry for the recent hefty economic underperformance.
Economic growth in Scotland fell to 0.4 percent last year from 2.1 percent in 2015, the sharpest slowdown since 2009 and in marked contrast to the United Kingdom as a whole, where the economy grew by 1.8 percent.
The gap between UK and Scottish growth is now the widest since 2010.
"We have already seen significantly lower consumer confidence in Scotland since the vote last summer. Now we see that feeding through into our growth figures," said the Scottish government's finance secretary, Derek Mackay.
Growth in Scotland was weak even before June's vote. The economy did not expand at all in the first three months of 2016, before seeing 0.1 percent growth in each of the next two quarters, before shrinking in the last three months of the year.
Mackay also highlighted the effect of a weaker oil industry. Wednesday's data does not include North Sea oil revenue, but does include Scottish companies onshore that service the sector.
The Confederation of British Industry - a business lobby which forecast negative economic consequences from both Brexit and Scottish independence - said Scotland's nationalist-led government should focus on tax reform and improving schools.
"Businesses are facing increased uncertainty and rising cost pressures, which has resulted in a number of recent closures and potential job cuts affecting hundreds of people across Scotland," CBI official Hugh Aitken said.
"The Scottish Government should therefore prioritise ... improving education attainment and setting a competitive tax regime," they added.
(Reporting by David Milliken, editing by Andy Bruce)
At the heart of all advice about how to have better relationships, resolve conflict, improve connection, and enhance intimacy is the idea of simply learning to accept others for who they are. Acceptance is, after all, the highest form of love.
In their new book, Radical Acceptance: The Secret to Happy, Lasting Love, Andrea Miller, the founder and CEO of YourTango makes the compelling case that acceptance isn't just good for our relationships — it's also good for us.
Although Miller founded an organization whose mission is to help people love better and connect more meaningfully, their own personal story is a testament to the power of radical acceptance. Soon after falling instantly in love with their then boyfriend Sanjay, they found themselves in argument after heated argument with him, feeling as though they simply couldn't find a way to make the relationship work.
“We had chemistry galore and were committed to each other, yet we sustained a lot of frustration that never seemed to get resolved,” writes Miller.
Then, in desperation, they consult a trusted friend who says to her, “Andrea, just love him.”
With those words, everything changed.
“Upon deciding to ‘just love him,' I was finally really making a commitment to them and to our relationship,” writes Miller.
As a result, they not only decided to found YourTango, but also an idea they call “radical acceptance.”
Radical acceptance goes beyond simply loving without judgement. Rather, it is about replacing that judgement with compassion and empathy.
“To radically accept someone means: I love you right here, right now. I have your back, no matter what. I know your flaws, failures and shortcomings and I still love you. I will not resent or resist them. Instead, I will extend tenderness to them,” writes Miller.
The shift, however, doesn't occur in the other person – it occurs within the self. Miller quotes David Bell:
“The opponent is not the person with whom you are in a relationship. The opponent is your reaction to this person and what arises in the relationship.”
Radical acceptance requires radical giving, Miller says, and a shift from expecting someone else to make you happy to thinking more about what you have to offer to your partner.
And for those who may be unknowingly sabotaging their own efforts, Miller asks, “When it comes to love, what are you afraid of? When you reflect on life, what kind of people have you been attracting? What's at your core? What is your approach to dating?”
Miller says that many people also refuse to pay the price of admission for happy lasting love. There is no love that passes an endless test of deal-breakers, cures all of the ailments in life, or doesn't require some amount of settling.
And while it's okay to feel uncertain, we can't commit partially to someone. Because, radical acceptance, and the commitment it brings, is a binary concept. We must begin by making the choice to either just love someone, or just dump them.
“There is enormous power in true commitment and you are making a decision to commit. Being committed fundamentally changes your energy; it changes your consciousness and aligns how you think and behave accordingly,” writes Miller.
With radical acceptance, we also must learn to step outside our own emotional bubble and recognize the neurological cascade we bring upon ourselves every time we experience stress. Whether we bring it upon ourselves through negative thoughts about our partner, or we feel it thrust onto us, stress is our responsibility, and it cannot be used as an excuse for poor behavior.
When we can remove our masks, allow ourselves to be fully seen, and acknowledge that not everyone sees the world as we do, we can learn to communicate radically and as we are biologically intended to. Miller quotes Stephen Porges, who developed the polyvagal theory:
“The goal of mammals – and as good spouses – is to interact in a way that regulates each other's physiology.”
And while loving even the seemingly unlovable parts of our partners may seem impossible, Miller cites the work of Helen Fisher who showed that the most loving, long-term couples held “positive illusions” of their partners which allowed them to see them in their best light, identify, and empathize with them, even when tensions arise.
Where ethics might call upon the golden rule – treat others as you want to be treated – love requires the platinum rule – love others as they want to be loved. By thinking about what most communicates love to our partners, and finding our way to let go of the hurt and resistance that hinder us, we become more empowered in the process. While we say, “I love you,” the platinum rule calls upon us to prove it.
Full of touching stories, illuminating research, and sage wisdom, Miller's book is an original take on love – that fully loving someone is not just good for them, it is good for us.
Radical Acceptance: The Secret to Happy, Lasting Love
Andrea Miller
Atrium Books (2017)
Hardcover
289 Pages
Related Articles
INDIANAPOLIS — The NCAA plans to double the number of teams it seeds in its Division I baseball tournament to 16, hoping to provide a more equitable competitive balance.
The organization announced the move Friday and it will take effect for the 2018 tournament. The change will allow the baseball tournament to follow the same seeding principles used by other sports that have at least 64 post-season participants.
The NCAA says that under the current format, with only eight seeded teams, the ninth-best could be paired against the No. 1 seed in the super regional round. With the change, a top seed will face the No. 16 seed.
The change was approved last week at a meeting of the Division I Competition Oversight Committee in Indianapolis.
© Sputnik/ Bolat Shayhinov Jordan to Take Active Part in All Technical, Plenary Meetings on Syria in Astana
–
ASTANA (Sputnik)Bilateral meetings got underway on Wednesday among participants of Astana talks with a focus on reinforcing the ceasefire in Syria, a source close to the negotiations told Sputnik.
"Participants also intend to agree a regulation on the joint task force and other documents dealing with the regions that joined the ceasefire, and zones of violations of the cessation of hostilities," the source said of the closed-door meeting's agenda.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., joined from left by, Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., and Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas, speaks with reporters following a closed-door strategy session on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. McConnell urged confirmation for President Donald Trump's nominee for secretary of state, Mike Pompeo. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., joined from left by, Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., and Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas, speaks with reporters following a closed-door strategy session on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. McConnell urged confirmation for President Donald Trump's nominee for secretary of state, Mike Pompeo. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate's Republican and Democratic leaders can't agree on much, but both say they want to dedicate weeks to passing legislation to fund the government next year - and avoid the annual take-it-or-leave-it vote on a $1 trillion-plus catchall spending bill.
For now, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer are saying all the right things to try to revive the older, more deliberative ways of doing Senate business rather than bundling the 12 annual spending bills together.
Critics say it gives too much power to top leaders while rank-and-file lawmakers are shut out of secretive negotiations.
President Donald Trump is playing a role as well, promising that they won't sign any more such "omnibus" appropriations bills.
"I say to Congress: I will never sign another bill like this again," Trump said last month after signing the latest catchall spending bill. "I'm not going to do it again. Nobody read it. It's only hours old. Some people don't even know what's in it."
Schumer and McConnell, along with the top Republican and Democrat on the powerful Appropriations Committee, were meeting Tuesday afternoon to try to chart a way forward.
The meeting comes just weeks after Congress passed a months-late, $1.3 trillion behemoth measure that came after several stops and starts, including a three-day government shutdown in February. That bill followed a separate showdown on setting the overall level of spending for agencies, including the Pentagon, which would otherwise have faced budget cuts.
At issue in the almost one-third of the federal budget that is passed every year by Congress. It's been years since the annual appropriations process - which used to dominate the House and Senate floors in the summer and early fall - has gone as designed.
"We don't want to just jump from crisis to crisis," said Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, R-Ala. "We owe it to the Senate. We owe it to the people. We owe it to the agencies. We owe it to our soldiers."
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the panel's top Democrat, agreed.
"The Senate can't go on like this - just go to the brink and then past stuff at the last minute," Leahy said.
The overall level of spending has already been agreed upon for the upcoming round of bills, reducing the potential for fighting and allowing more time for floor debates.
Previous attempts to revive the once vibrant appropriations process have failed. A key problem is that many House conservatives say the spending levels in the upcoming bills are too high and they can't vote for them. But Republicans still add policy provisions that Democrats regard as poison pills. That leaves many measures short of the necessary support and caused the process to stall when Capitol Hill leaders tried to revive it two years ago and in 2014.
Schumer, however, brings a new face to the table since they aren't the top Democrat during previous attempts to make the system work better.
"I'm more optimistic than I've been in the past," Schumer told reporters Tuesday.
McConnell sounded a little more skeptical, saying the current system is "completely broken and the only way to fix it is to start passing bills. We have a top line. We know what we're going to spend, and it'll be an interesting test."
Most weekday mornings, after feeding the chickens, goat and cows, Nicolas Talbott drives through the rolling hills of Columbiana County in eastern Ohio to one of the schools where he's a substitute teacher. It was a busy winter — lots of teachers out with the flu. And while Talbott enjoys teaching, they hope to move on soon, to a career in the U.S. Air Force working on global security.
"I want to serve my country, I want to serve the people in this country and I want to serve the Constitution of the United States," Talbott says, "no matter who is in office in our government."
But Talbott, a 24-year-old transgender Kent State Graduate, is facing a roadblock from the man in the nation's highest office. President Trump wants to effectively ban transgender individuals from serving in the armed forces. For now, federal courts have put a hold on Trump's virtual ban, and ordered the military to accept transgender applicants while four federal lawsuits proceed. Talbott is a plaintiff in one of those suits.
"There's nothing about being transgender that makes you any less capable than anybody else of military service," says Talbott.
Courts ruled late last year that the Trump administration must allow Talbott and other potential recruits to enlist while the lawsuits proceed. Talbott spoke to several recruiters more than a year ago. Several seemed unsure about working with him. Then they called an Air Force recruiter and the two clicked. That recruiter is the main reason Talbott is trying to enlist in the Air National Guard.
"He was the one who said, 'wow, this is awesome, I really want to learn about this so that I can help other folks in the future,'" Talbott says, recalling that first conversation. "That's the kind of attitude, that's what I would expect from the military, that attitude of hey, this is new challenge for me, let's face it head on."
Talbott has filed piles of documents including letters from a counselor and doctors that show their gender transition has been stable for at least 18 consecutive months. That's one of the requirements the military is using when processing current applicants who are transgender.
"I've been seeing the same doctor for about five years now — I definitely made that 18 months," Talbott says.
Now, Talbott studies and works out daily while they wait to be called in for a physical exam and the entry vocational aptitude test. They say they can hit the minimum male boot camp standards for running, push-ups, and sit-ups. The testosterone Talbott takes is helping them close differences in muscle mass and bone density as compared to non-trans men. He's aiming for the top performance tier.
"That's what military readiness is really about. Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day?" says Talbott. "That's what it's about. It's not about what you look like under that uniform."
Recommendations signed by Defense Secretary James Mattis and presented to President Trump disagree.
"The Department of Defense concludes that there are substantial risks associated with allowing the accession and retention of individuals with a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria and require, or have already undertaken, a course of treatment to change their gender," wrote Mattis in a memorandum dated February 22. They go on to say that including service members who are or have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria, the medical condition for someone who transitions, "could undermine readiness, disrupt unit cohesion, and impose an unreasonable burden on the military that is not conducive to military effectiveness and lethality."
Some other transgender men and women are putting off or abandoning efforts to join the military as the political and legal fights drag on.
Both Mattis and a Pentagon spokesperson have declined further comment about those recommendations because they are part of pending litigation. To Talbott's buddy, James Napierkowski, 22, that sounds like the same claim once used to keep women and openly gay service members out.
"Both times it's proved to be not disruptive at all and only bring in more qualified people into the military who want to help and can help," says Napierkowski, a senior airman with the Ohio National Guard.
Napierkowski, speaking for himself, says the military will need to bring transgender troops into service slowly so that active service members can get to know men and women like Talbott.
"But once they [current troops] realize that they [transgender service members] are just people like everyone else, it'll be just fine and be very beneficial," Napierkowski says.
Talbott says they realize he'll be under a spotlight, answering lots of questions about being transgender.
"There are going to be situations where it's going to very obvious that I'm trans, you know, in the showers and that sort of thing," Talbott says. But they say they focus on their "purpose" — "to put on my uniform and do my job."
The two friends, roughly the same medium height and lean-muscled build, both with short, cropped hair, trade tips on running and video games. When Talbott gets discouraged, Napierkowski stops by to offer a pep talk.
"Til things get sorted out, one way or another, just keep pushing and eventually you'll break through, hopefully," says Napierkowski, in between bites of donuts on a Sunday afternoon.
"Until then I'm just going to keep living vicariously through you," Talbott laughs.
"I'll take lots of pictures and videos," Napierkowski says.
Talbott says they have broad support from other friends in the military, former teachers and their family. Their grandmother Rhoda Dineen may be Talbott's biggest fan. Them three brothers served. Dineen, 71, can't understand why President Trump doesn't want them grandson.
"And he's wasting time because eventually it will be," Dineen says, "so why not let the good guys in while they're young."
Jennifer Levi who is arguing Talbott's case on behalf of GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, says they understand the caution, but believes in the strength of the case against the ban.
"The preliminary decisions that have been issued now in four cases really support that confidence," Levi says.
More motions are due in Talbott's case, before the federal district court in central California Wednesday.
A blog from The State's political team of Jamie Self, Avery Wilks, Maayan Schechter and Bristow Marchant.
NAACP to Temple: Build your stadium in Rittenhouse Square
NAACP to Temple: Build your stadium in Rittenhouse Square Mar 18
Temple University's latest stadium design includes classrooms along Broad Street. The bowl was sunk slightly below grade in an attempt to keep the building from overwhelming the rowhouse neighborhood.
The president of the Philadelphia NAACP said Sunday that Temple University should consider building its new football stadium in Rittenhouse Square rather than the North Philadelphia site it has chosen for the project.
“It's not more of a landmark,” Rodney Muhammad said of the park, “than many of those homes and those people who have been there 40 and 50 and 60 years in North Central Philadelphia.”
Temple's plan to build a 35,000-seat stadium on land it owns in North Philadelphia has riled neighbors, who worry that it would bring trash, congestion and noise while altering the landscape of the community. The development would close 15th Street, a major thoroughfare.
A community meeting hosted by Temple earlier this month, the first the university has held in the two years since it first proposed the stadium, was drowned out by protesters. University officials had previously met privately with select neighbors and groups.
Muhammad, who was joined at a Sunday news conference by other members of a coalition that opposes the stadium plan, said the university not only should have held a community meeting sooner but also should have vetted other locations.
Muhammad said they and others in the coalition are open to alternative locations but suggested Rittenhouse Square because Temple has a Center City campus nearby at 1515 Market St.
“There's space,” they said of Rittenhouse. “There is a bustling business district.”
They said a stadium would not “alter the character” of the neighborhood any more than it would be “encroaching on the community” in North Philadelphia.
Temple spokesperson Ray Betzner, asked about Muhammad's suggestion, reiterated the university's original plan.
“The multipurpose facility, which includes a stadium and retail complex, is proposed for land we own on Main Campus,” they said in an email. “Our goal continues to be to engage our neighbors on this and other substantial issues that are important to the residents of North Philadelphia.”
Following the announcement of Betty Reed's resignation as director from the Yazoo City Housing Authority, Mayor Diane Delaware said they are “concerned” about the process to find their replacement.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
× Liveblog: Rose Bowl 2017
PASADENA, Calif. — On Monday, January 2nd, the 128th annual Tournament of Roses Parade is scheduled to step off at 11 a.m. eastern time.
The Rose Bowl Parade can be seen on WNEP-TV.
Penn State is facing off against #9 USC in the 103rd Rose Bowl in southern California at 5 p.m. eastern time on ESPN.
The bowl game is a rematch of the very first Rose Bowl between Penn State and USC.
Areas of Margaret River were gutted by fires in 2011.
Areas of Margaret River were gutted by fires in 2011. Picture: Sharon Smith
Margaret River residents are concerned the growth of holiday homes is exacerbating the fire risks in the South West town.
Locals in residential pockets of Margaret River that are regarded as at high fire risk say tourists staying in short-term accommodation are not being educated about about regulations or what to do in the event of a bushfire.
Basildene Estate resident Ed Green said there were plenty of holiday homes or B&Bs that were well run and had an owner or manager on site. However, they said many so-called “party houses” rented out to tourists did not.
“When you get these big places, they get into party mode, they don't know the regulations,” they said. “They could cause a fire and they wouldn't know what to do.”
Mr Green their street had six homes used for short-term accommodation and that recent fire awareness meetings held by the Shire of Augusta-Margaret River had underscored “the best defence against fire is a vibrant and active community”.
They and other residents, who have started a petition on Change.org, want the shire to review the rules allowing holiday homes in residential areas. They also want a freeze on approving any more short-term accommodation homes until the review is done.
Entire towns have been left in ruins following catastrophic fires in NSW and Victoria. The West Australian Entire towns have been left in ruins following catastrophic fires in NSW and Victoria.
“In recent times there's been a tendency to tick and flick by the planning department and a lot of them don't get through to the council,” Mr Green said.
“What we are trying to do is improve the overall safety of the area. Fireys will tell you it's the resilience of the local community that tells you if fires are going to kill people.”
Lower South West superintendent John Tillman said the Department of Fire and Emergency Services worked with accommodation providers to encourage them to arm tourists with information about fire risks and regulations.
Do you know what you should you do during each fire alert level? The West Australian Do you know what you should you do during each fire alert level?
But they said overcoming language barriers for international visitors and capturing people's attention were challenges.
“It's a concern about how we inform visitors to the area about what they should be doing and where they can light a camp-fire and what to do in the event of an emergency,” they said.
“It's really hard to get people to tune in.”
They said most accommodation providers tried to do the right thing and inform visitors about the risks.
Shire sustainable development director Dale Putland said it had no specific concerns but was reviewing its holiday homes policy.
SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video captures inmates holding shanks on a blood-covered prison floor during the violent riot that left seven inmates dead inside Lee Correctional Institution in Bishopville, SC on Monday, April 16. Justin Bamberg Lynnette Cantos
Cellphone video captures inmates holding shanks on a blood-covered prison floor during the violent riot that left seven inmates dead inside Lee Correctional Institution in Bishopville, SC on Monday, April 16. Justin Bamberg Lynnette Cantos
Camila Cabello moved on from their messy Fifth Harmony exit with some help from their “Real Friends” — including Taylor Swift!
“It was as painful as a breakup, a five-year breakup,” the “Havana” singer, 21, told Rolling Stone of their departure from the girl group almost 18 months ago.
In December 2016, the four remaining members of Fifth Harmony released a statement announcing that Cabello would be leaving the act. At the time, Cabello had already enjoyed some solo success, collaborating with pal Shawn Mendes (“I Know What You Did Last Summer”) and Machine Gun Kelly (“Bad Things”).
Camila Cabello and Taylor Swift Kevin Mazur/Getty
“I don't think there was ever a point where I was like, ‘I want to leave because I'm the breakout star,' ” they told the music magazine. “We were just really young. If we were in the same situation now, it would probably be fine for everyone to make their own music while being in the group, because I think everyone understands now that you can't limit people. That's why people break free.”
Cabello told the outlet that they were hurt by how things ended with the group, which Simon Cowell assembled on The X Factor in 2012. (The remaining members announced an indefinite hiatus in March for each to “pursue solo endeavors.”)
One way Cabello coped with their split from the group: songwriting, as their longtime friend Taylor Swift suggested they “just write it out.”
Charli XCX, Taylor Swift and Camila Cabello Kevin Mazur/Getty
“There were so many songs that didn't make my album that were just me getting it out,” Cabello says, referring to tracks they wrote that were not included on their debut LP Camila, which features their smash hits “Havana” and “Never Be the Same.”
Cabello met Swift a few years back through their mutual friend Hailee Steinfeld, and they hit it off immediately, bonding over a recent breakup.
“She sent me a breakup playlist and said, ‘Come over. Let's talk about it,' ” Cabello said. “I think the Haim girls were there. It was, like, a girls-night thing.”
These days Cabello enjoys similar girls nights on the road: They and Charli XCX are Swift's opening acts on their Reputation Stadium Tour. Each night, Cabello and Charli join Swift onstage for a star-studded “Shake It Off” singalong.
“This is a dream come true,” Cabello said on Instagram after the tour news was announced. “As a fan, i'm going to be singing every song at the top of my lungs … as a friend, it's a GIANT SLEEPOVER.”
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (KARK) — Former University of Arkansas head football coach and athletics director Frank Broyles has passed away at age 92. Broyles, an Arkansas icon for close to 60 years, had been in declining health for several months.
They were born John Franklin on December 26, 1924, in Decatur, Georgia, the youngest of O.T. and Louise Broyles' five children. They often credited their mother with sparking a lifelong interested in athletics but brothers Charles, Anton and Bill participated in sports growing up as did their sister, also named Louise. When their older siblings graduated from high school they, “went to work because of the depression, “Broyles recalled in a 2013 interview, “so I was the first one in my family to go to college.”
Broyles quickly established themselves as a multi-sport athlete at Georgia Tech, starring at quarterback for the Yellow Jackets football team. They enlisted in the Navy after their sophomore year and was allowed to remain in school drawing $51 a month as a Seaman 3rd class. In 1944 Broyles was named the SEC player of the year and set an Orange Bowl passing record that stood for 56 years. After graduation in 1945 Broyles was sent to Providence, Rhode Island where they earned a Navy Commission. It was during this time that they married the former Barbara Day, their high school sweetheart. The two had met four years earlier when Day moved to Decatur to live with their aunt and uncle.
“Decatur Boys High and Decatur Girls High were separate schools,” Broyles explained. “The gym was between us. All the boys would get down before school started and watch the pretty girls walk by. One day we all said, ‘Well who is this new girl?' I got word who they are, so I called her, knowing that they had a date with Roy Brown. They cancelled the date with Roy Brown but I had no car and no gas. I finally found a friend who loaned me their car and we went to the Fox Theatre on our first date.”
The war ended shortly after Broyles returned to Providence with their bride. Discharged from the Navy, Broyles returned to Atlanta and prepared to rejoin the Georgia Tech football team because their two years in the Navy had not counted against their college eligibility. But when they learned that Georgia Tech assistant coach Bob Woodruff had taken the head football coach's job at Baylor, Broyles asked for a job on Woodruff's staff.
“I said, ‘Bob I really want to be a coach. Would you hire me as a first-year student coach?'” Broyles recalled. “He took me outside because they didn't want anyone to hear. They offered me the backfield job. I was 22 and they knew I would be coaching veterans who were older than me. They said, ‘I'm going to up your age to 25.' They coached the line. I coached the backs. Bill Henderson was the basketball coach and they coached the ends part-time. Pete Jones was the baseball coach and they coached the freshmen. That was our staff.”
Arriving on campus at Waco on the same day as Broyles was a first-year student quarterback out of Odessa, Texas High School named Hayden Fry. “I was 22 and they were 20,” Broyles said with a laugh. After college Fry was a high school coach and history teacher, served in the Marines and returned to Baylor as a defensive backfield coach before rejoining Broyles in 1961 as Arkansas' offensive backfield coach. One of the many student athletes Fry coached over the years was current Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema.
Broyles coached at Baylor from 1947-49 and it was on a 1948 trip to Fayetteville for a game against the Razorbacks that they got their first look at the place they would eventually call home for the last six decades of their life.
“We stayed at the Mountain Inn,” Broyles remembered. “Everybody else would usually stay in Ft. Smith or even Tulsa and come over (for the game). But we stayed in town. We'd always have a pregame meal and then go for a walk and we walked around the (downtown) city block. I saw on every store a Hog. I saw it on every car, Go Hogs. I'd never seen such fan support. Hogs everywhere. I said, ‘That's the job I want.'”
It would take almost a decade for Broyles to land that job. They left Baylor for Florida with Woodruff in 1950 and returned to Georgia Tech as the offensive coordinator a year later under Bobby Dodd. In 1957 they served for one year as Missouri's head coach before taking a fateful phone call from Arkansas' athletics director John Barnhill, a call Broyles described in great detail:
“He called me December the 6th at 8:31 and 30 seconds and said, ‘Frank this is Barney.'”
“I said, ‘What in the heck have you been waiting on?'”
“He said, ‘Well, I've been trying to get the ducks on the pond.'”
“I said, ‘Where are they?'”
“He said, ‘They're all swimmin.'”
“I said, ‘I'll be there tomorrow.'”
Broyles would coach at Arkansas for 19 seasons. In the decade of the 60's, Arkansas won five SWC titles, finished second three times, won a national championship and came within a few points of winning two more. Broyles always said the secret to their success was that Barnhill gave them the money to hire the best assistant coaches available. Barry Switzer, Jimmy Johnson, Joe Gibbs, Johnny Majors and Fry all coached under him. Broyles' assistants went on to win 6 super bowls, 5 college national championships and 40 conferences titles as head coaches.
“I'd hire a coach that was doing the best,” Broyles reasoned, “and they would come and contribute. We wouldn't change everything but they would contribute and help us. So we were always expanding our ideas and trying to stay ahead of what's best in college football.”
After stepping down as Arkansas' head football coach in 1977 Broyles settled in for a long tenure as the school's athletics director. They built new facilities in basketball, baseball, track and tennis. They created a successful women's athletic department, renovated Razorback Stadium in football and took Arkansas into the SEC. Coaches they hired won 42 national championships at the school and countless conference titles.
Described by some as a micro manager who fired coaches that did not accept their advice, Broyles once said, “I never fired anybody in my life. I just got 'em other jobs.”
Indeed, former Arkansas head football coach Lou Holtz, fired by Broyles in 1983, credits Broyles with helping them get the Notre Dame job where they won a national championship in 1988. Broyles was upfront about their hiring practices saying that they always wanted a coach at the peak of their career with, “a fire in their belly to win.” Once their coaches had passed that point they admitted that they began looking around for a possible replacement much as they had done in 1977 when, in effect, they fired themselves as the head football coach to hire Holtz.
“As a coach when you're scared, you want to prove yourself,” Broyles explained. “You haven't done enough to say, ‘My job's secure.' I think it's best when you're not secure. You're going to work harder. You're going to do a better job knowing that you've got to improve the situation. You cannot stand still in any profession, much less in coaching.”
In October of 2004 Broyles lost Barbara to Alzheimer's five years after they were diagnosed with the disease. They had been married for 59 years.
In December of 2007 Broyles retired from the university after 50 years of continuous service. They moved their office down Razorback Road to the Razorback Foundation where they served as a fundraiser and started The Barbara Broyles Legacy Foundation. Along with their daughter Betsy and granddaughter Molly, Broyles traveled across the country telling the story of their wife's illness and the care their family had provided them They published Coach Broyles Playbook for Alzheimer's Caregivers to aid those suffering from Alzheimer's Disease and their families.
Over the years Broyles had chances to, in the minds of some, improve their own situation. They turned down an offer to run the NFL's Atlanta Falcons' front office. They also rejected a chance to return to their alma mater as athletics director. There were other offers that were never made public.
“People quit mentioning my name because they knew I wasn't gonna leave, Broyles admitted. “I had what I wanted. I thought it was the best job in America. Arkansas fans have more passion that any place I know. Why would I want to leave?”
Click here for obituary released by family.
St. Matthew's Music Guild opens its 33rd series of concerts with a program of music by Kodaly, Saint-Saens and Mozart at 8 p.m. on Friday, October 13, at St. Matthew's Church, 1031 Bienveneda.
Internationally renowned pianist Inna Faliks will be the guest soloist. Called “adventurous and passionate” by The New Yorker, the Ukrainian-born pianist has established themselves as one of the most exciting, committed, communicative and poetic artists of their generation.
Faliks is professor of piano at the UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music, where they also serve as chair of the Piano Department. After their acclaimed teenage debuts at the Gilmore Festival and with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, they have performed on many of the world's great stages, with numerous orchestras, in solo appearances, and with conductors such as Leonard Slatkin and Keith Lockhart.
Interim music director and conductor Tomasz Golka won the 2003 Eduardo Mata International Conducting Competition. They have guest-conducted throughout the world, including the Seattle Symphony, Spoleto USA Festival Orchestra, Warsaw Philharmonic, and Baden Baden Philharmonic, among others. They have served as Chief Conductor of the Colombia National Symphony in Bogotà, Music Director of the Lubbock Symphony Orchestra, and is currently Music Director of the Riverside Philharmonic.
The concert will begin with Zoltan Kodaly's colorful Dances of Galánta, a work from 1933 based on folk music from Galánta (now part of Slovakia) that has become the composer's most frequently performed piece and remains an audience favorite.
Next on the program is the fiery Second Symphony of Camille Saint-Saëns. Known as the “French Mendelssohn,” Saint-Saëns draws obvious parallels in this work with Mendelssohn's famous “Italian” Symphony.
The program concludes with Ms. Faliks as soloist in Mozart's beloved Piano Concerto No. 20, a work that audiences are sure to recognize from the film Amadeus.
Admission is $35 or Music Guild Season Pass. The Music Guild offers season passes which are good for all concerts for as little as $200. For more information, visit the Music Guild website at MusicGuildOnline.org or call (310) 573-7421.
Boeing Co's logo is seen above the front doors of its largest jetliner factory in Everett, Washington, U.S. January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott
SEATTLE Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Wednesday it had launched a venture capital arm and invested in two tech startups, a fresh sign of the importance big companies see in keeping up with rapidly evolving technology for designing and making products.
Boeing's new division, known as HorizonX, invested in Upskill, a Washington, D.C.-based software company that uses Google Glass-type eye wear to help assembly workers with complex tasks such as creating wiring bundles for Boeing jetliners.
It also invested in Zunum Aero, a Seattle-area company that is working on electric-hybrid aircraft aimed at bringing down the cost of flying to regional airports. Zunum also received funding from JetBlue Technology Ventures, a unit of the New York-based JetBlue Airways Corp (JBLU.O).
Boeing and JetBlue are not alone in taking stakes in promising technology companies. General Electric Co's (GE.N) venture arm invested in an earlier Upskill funding round, and Airbus has had a venture fund since 2014.
Boeing is not aiming to profit from the ventures directly but instead to access technology used in autonomous vehicles, machine learning, additive manufacturing and wearable devices, said Steve Nordlund, a Boeing vice president who heads HorizonX.
"These are all starting to converge and have the potential to fundamentally change how we operate inside and outside of companies," they said.
Upskill's software platform for example, brings data typically stored in books into workers' tools. The system can be used in manufacturing, field service and shipping and warehouse logistics, and the company's revenue growth is in triple digits annually, Chief Executive Officer Brian Ballard told Reuters.
"Imagine working on a car and not having to flip through the paper manual," Ballard said. Typical systems pay back in a few months. Upskill has been working with Boeing for two years and has moved beyond pilot tests into production.
Boeing declined to specify investment amounts, "but this initiative represents a multi-year commitment by Boeing to spend tens of millions of dollars a year to advance innovation and to supplement our research and development efforts," spokesperson Chaz Bickers said.
Nordlund was formerly vice president of strategy for Boeing's defense, space and security business and was involved in launching drone-maker Insitu Inc, which Boeing acquired in 2008. They also have worked in sales at IBM (IBM.N) and was chief information officer at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Art & Lit An Interview with the Oxford Author Victoria Blake By
Black and White Publishing
Author of a series of successful books, Victoria Blake was brought up in The Queen's College, Oxford, where their father, renowned historian Lord Blake, served as the provost from 1968 to 1987. Blake themselves read History at Lady Margaret Hall and afterwards worked in law, publishing, and bookselling. Them the latest book, Titian's Boatman, is an epic historical fiction evolving around three stories that take place in different times and spaces, yet all curiously linked by Titian's portrait, Man with a Quilted Sleeve. This week, The Oxford Student has had the pleasure of talking with Victoria, who has shared with us some revealing insights into their fiction and writing, as well their unique perspective on Oxford University.
Victoria Blake
Photo courtesy of Black and White Publishing
It seems Oxford has always carried the ambience of mystery. How do you think Oxford inspires your crime fiction writing and particularly the creation of Sam Falconer as a ‘Private Eye/I'?
I gave Sam my own background but I have them be a judo champion, so they find the whole cerebral aspect of Oxford rather a strain! The aim was to create conflict and dissonance between them and their childhood home. I imagined someone who was very skilled athletically and whose take on the academic environment is one of exasperation. But their background is useful because, for example, in Skin and Blister some of the crimes take place inside a college and they have a particular insight because of their childhood. A child's perspective on very clever people is interesting because as a child ‘cleverness' doesn't really mean anything. Your main take on people is if they can talk or engage with you. As a child, some of my fondest memories are of the college servants. These people were there all the time and part of our everyday life. The dons were there as well, of course, and some of them were absolutely lovely, but some of the older, more eccentric ones were frankly baffling!
Samantha, ‘Sam', Falconer' is quite an androgynous name. Did the all-male environment of Queen's you grew up in affect your portrayal of Sam?
The name was a mash-up of Sam Spade, American crime writer Dashiell Hammett's private detective, and then their book which was turned into a film with Humphrey Bogart, The Maltese Falcon. I am a big fan of Sara Paretsky's V.I. Warshawski series, I envisaged my Sam as being in that tradition. I started living in Queen's when I was six and at that time it was all male. I suppose the thing is me and my sisters would have stood out as little boys because of our age, but did so even more than girls. We became sort of college mascots. A long time later I remember someone who had been an undergraduate at Queen's telling me that they knew the agony of a tutorial would be over when they saw me walking round the quad on the way back from school. An androgynous name suits my character because she's a tom boy. Put them in a corner and she'll fight to get out of trouble, they won't think their way out! Incidentally if anyone wants to know what it was like to be a young girl brought up in an all male environment they should read the first few chapters of Philip Pullman's Northern Lights. Their description of Lyra is an incredibly accurate psychological portrait of that.
I'm very conscious of my reader, of the privilege of being read. You want to make it worth their while.
Titian's Boatman seems quite a departure from the Sam Falconer series. What does this shift mean to you, especially comparing to your Oxford past?
I had very much enjoyed writing the Sam Falconer books but I didn't have any offers to continue the series so I had the opportunity to branch out! Titian's Boatman uses very different creative muscles because I'm not tied into ‘solving a crime' and I liked the freedom that gave me. It was a much more difficult book to write because there was a great deal of research involved, so the rhythms of writing it were different. I had to research and then let my research ferment a little, write a bit and then research a bit more. However, in both cases I'm writing about places that are exceptionally beautiful and have a huge symbolism for people. I suppose there's the challenge of trying to bring a place alive, get to the spirit of a place in some way that the reader can see it differently. Is Oxford the Oxford of Alice in Wonderland, or Lyra's, or Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead, or the place where students are simply working incredibly hard to get their degrees? The same sort of thing applies to Venice. There are multiple Venices in the same way as there are multiple Oxfords. For a large part of my life Oxford was simply my home. There are the stones of places like Venice and Oxford and all that history, but then there is also the fact that people live and work there, and go about their daily business. These two things rub up and down against each other all the time. It's an interesting dynamic to work with as a writer.
Your father was renowned historian Lord Blake; has their academic interest affected your approach to history in Titian's Boatman, or your choice to move from the crime genre to historical fiction?
I studied History for my degree and was definitely influenced to do that because of my father, although my mother and older sister had also studied history and my grandfather had taught it at Norwich School. In fact, they taught my father, so I suppose it's there in the blood somewhere. I didn't terribly enjoy my degree but later I wrote two true crime books for The National Archives – – one on Ruth Ellis, the last woman to be hanged in Britain and one on Florence Maybrick, a Victorian arsenic poisoner. I loved writing those two books because I got my hands on original documents and got to take my time with them. I think writing those re-ignited my interest in history and led eventually to that filtering into my fiction writing and Titian's Boatman. The book that made my father's reputation was their biography of Disraeli. One of the reasons the book was so well received was not simply because it was a ‘clever' book (which it undoubtedly was), but because it was also an immensely readable and entertaining book. I took that lesson from them and their writing. I'm very conscious of my reader, of the privilege of being read. You want to make it worth their while.
There are the stones of places like Venice and Oxford and all that history, but then there is also the fact that people live and work there, and go about their daily business. These two things rub up and down against each other all the time.
Why Man with a Quilted Sleeve? What do you find special about it?
He's such a sexy, arrogant dandy and I love their carefully plucked eyebrows! I'd always end up in front of them when I was in a particularly restless and unsettled frame of mind. And they were also such a terrible portrait to stand in front of in that state. It was laughable! I always imagined them saying something like, ‘Oh, pull yourself together', or, ‘When are you going to get a proper job?'. Exactly the kind of things I didn't want to hear! Titian painted them when they were very young, only twenty, so that also intrigued me. I find Titian's portraits easier to engage with than the big religious, mythic ones. Those always seem to require too much knowledge to fully understand them, whereas with a portrait it's a much simpler exchange. You stand there and you look them in the eye. He's in Room 2 of The National Gallery in London by the way. Everyone should go and see him!
And finally, what advice would you give to novice writers?
To doubt is normal. To wonder what on earth you are doing is normal. To think this will never make me any money is normal. To think you are not good enough is normal. To not know what you are doing is normal. It took me eight years to get an agent and then get published. That's eight years during which I felt a sort of shame to admit that I wanted to be a writer because the dream seemed so very distant. Writing a book is an act of grim, bloody-minded stubbornness and everyone will do it differently and find that different things work for them. And there are points when you despair. That is also completely normal. Find people you can share your dreams with and who will take you seriously and hold your dreams tenderly. Treat cautiously the ones who undermine your confidence. Join writing groups, do writing courses. Find ways to get your work out there. Now there are many more ways to do this than when I was starting out. A couple of years ago when I couldn't get a certain novel, Far Away, published, which is based on my father's diaries of being a prisoner of war in Italy during the Second World War, I self-published it and it ended up being short-listed for a prize by the Historical Novel Society. That then gave me the encouragement to keep going. And finally, if you're successful, help other writers. Former US Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright once said, ‘There's a special place in hell for those women who do not help other women.' I'd also say, ‘There's a special place in hell for writers who do not help other writers.'
The 6.1m Franklin Anniversary in pearl white ribbed aluminium cladding with bright red accents.
The 6.1m Franklin Anniversary in pearl white ribbed aluminium cladding with bright red accents.
Cameron Caravans is celebrating its 40th anniversary with two limited-edition vans including about $5000 worth of extras.
The Cameron Franklin Anniversary is selling for $59,990 while the Aura Albany is $79,990.
Both vans will be on display at the Cameron Caravan stand (No. 500) at next week's RAC Caravan and Camping Show at the Claremont Showground.
The 6.7m Aura Albany is finished in white flat-panel aluminium over a Meranti frame and comes in 22 exterior colours including Cameron's signature bright red.
It has a through-tunnel boot at the front and rear plus a rear Fiamma dual bike rack. On top are twin 150-Watt solar panels to back up the twin 105 amp hour batteries.
It is also fitted with AL-KO electronic stability control.
The Anniversary's kitchen has all the expected items.
When you enter, the first thing you notice is the big front club lounge surrounded by windows.
The kitchen has a four-burner cooktop, grill and oven while across the other side is the 180-litre three-way fridge and next to it a front loading washing machine. The TV is hidden in a cupboard above.
Moving down the van you have the shower on one side and opposite it are the toilet and vanity.
The toilet door also doubles as a door to screen off the living area.
The rear bedroom has windows on each side with sirocco fans above.
The Aura Albany, finished in white flat-panel aluminium over a Meranti frame, comes in 22 colours.
The 6.1m Franklin Anniversary is finished in pearl white, ribbed-aluminium cladding with bright red accents and black checkerplate on the front.
The front boot houses all the electrics plus, to add more external storage, there is a tunnel boot.
On the roof is a 120-Watt solar panel to keep the battery topped up.
As you enter there is a kitchen with all the expected items — stainless-steel sink/drainer, four-burner cooktop with grill, a separate Swift oven and a Dometic 190L fridge with a microwave oven above. The dinette's trifold table is big enough for two people. The pull-out footrests also double as a seating extension with seating for two adults weighing up to 130kg.
The Aura Albany's large front club lounge is surrounded by windows.
At the front of the van is the bedroom with queen bed, at the opposite end is the full ensuite.
It includes a washing machine, full-height shower with a frosted door, vanity with LED mirror and toilet. Extractor fan hatches are fitted over the toilet and shower. It is finished off with black tapware
Both these vehicles will make excellent touring vans.
Cameron Franklin Anniversary
Price $59,990
Frame Meranti timber
Suitable for On road
Ball weight 110kg
Tare 2081kg
ATM 2481kg
Aura Albany
Price $79,990
Frame Meranti timber
Suitable for On-road
Ball weight 235kg
Tare 2528kg
ATM 2985kg
Dealer Cameron Caravans, 356 Albany Highway Albany
Then their inspired lowering of the DUI level to 0.05 from 0.08 will cost the state additional tax monies by the loss of tourists who will choose to visit other states in the future by not coming to Utah. Surrounding states will benefit by increased tourism.
© Sputnik/ Tabyldy Kadyrbekov Kyrgyzstan Considering Legislation Changes to Introduce Islamic Banking
–
BISHKEK (Sputnik)The next presidential elections in Kyrgyzstan are scheduled to be held on November 19, 2017, the Kyrgyz leader's press service said Wednesday.
"The head of state noted the special importance of electing a new president of the country, which in accordance with constitutional law will be held on the third Sunday of November, that is November 19 of this year," the press service said.
The date was named in an announcement of Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev's meeting with the central election commission chief on Thursday.
"In the remaining nine months before the election, we should eliminate all shortcomings and omissions in the work and ensure fully open and fair elections of a new head of state," Atambayev was quoted as saying.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. — Millions have been watching April the giraffe's livestream, but, on Monday, zoo officials said they will pull the video feed after April suffered an injury.
Animal Adventure Park posted on Facebook that, just days after giving birth to their calf, April twisted one of their legs, which zoo officials say is not uncommon with animals them size.
The park added that they've been bogged down with messages about April, which have been affecting their email servers and say it's the reason why they're taking down the “Giraffe Cam.”
As of Monday evening, the livestream was still running.
April has been the subject of international attention since the live feed was turned on in February. On Saturday, after months of anticipation, April gave birth to their fourth calf.
The Animal Adventure Park currently has a contest underway to name the male calf. It costs $1 to cast a vote, and the park says the money will go to three different causes: giraffe conservation, “Ava's Little Heroes” – an event named after the park owners' daughter who suffers from a rare form of epilepsy – and to further improvements at Animal Adventure Park.
BEIJING Great Britain's decision to withdraw from the European Union will bring uncertainties to nuclear cooperation among Britain, China and France, an executive at China's CGN Power Co Ltd (1816.HK) said on Friday.
CGN is awaiting regulatory approval to build two of its own nuclear reactors in Britain and has provided a third of the financing for the construction of two European Pressurised Reactors (EPRs) at Hinkley Point in order to secure future projects in the country.
Britain, which is currently negotiating its divorce from the European Union, has stressed that it will be business as usual for the Hinkley Point reactors, although some industry officials say a potentially weaker pound following the country's EU exit could raise construction costs.
Britain will also leave the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom), which some exports have said could raise costs, delay new nuclear power projects and complicate research and international cooperation agreements.
"Brexit will create some uncertainties," CGN Senior Vice President Zheng Dongshan said at an industry event.
"The UK government announced also that it would leave Euratom. How this project will go ahead smoothly, how we will have as good a relationship as we have now - this is the first challenge," they said.
They also noted that the UK regulatory environment was very different from China, and even from France.
"It is very stringent on nuclear safety. It is a challenge for EDF and for the Chinese team in this environment, not only to fulfil our project targets, but also on nuclear safety and quality and to deliver the project successfully."
"Certainly, the project itself will face some risks in costs, in terms of planning," Zheng said.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Edmund Klamann and Richard Pullin)
A stunning late, late blast that netted 2-3 in nine minutes of injury time saw Leitrim snatch their first victory in the Connacht U17 Championship.
It was even more dramatic than that as Leitrim's goals came in the last two minutes of over nine minutes of added time as Sligo's legs, down to 14 players since just before halftime, finally faltered.
It was tough on a Sligo team who had led the majority of this encounter but for a Leitrim team who kicked some inexcusable wides, it was a testament to their spirit and drive that kept them going.
The goals came from Paul Keaney and David O'Connell, the St. Mary's duo benefiting from defensive slips to finally put the game beyond the reach of the home team in Markievicz Park last Friday.
No more than the Roscommon game when a sending off changed the course of the game, another sending off give Leitrim a lifeline. Sligo corner-back Mark Connolly McGowan received a black card for a blatant off the ball block on a Leitrim attacker.
The decision, correct as it was, infuriated Sligo fans who felt that at least three Leitrim players had committed similar offences in full view of officials and nothing was done.
Sligo swept into an early lead with two frees from Lee Deignan and one from Conor Finn inside the opening three minutes as Leitrim again started slowly. But as in the previous games, Leitrim hit back with Tom Prior finishing off a nice move with a 35 yard point before a nice run from Paul Keaney saw them sidestepped defenders to point on four minutes.
An Oisin Bohan free levelled matters before an Eoin McLoughlin interception and a good run from Tom Prior led to a point from Jamie Quinn.
However, instead of pushing on, Leitrim suddenly found themselves playing second fiddle as Sligo took over with Conor Finn pointing after McLoughlin had been hit high and hard to lose possession.
Sligo almost goaled when Ronan Wilson broke through the Leitrim defence only for Matthew Earley to make a good save, Eoghan Sweeney tapping over the rebound.
Sligo, despite a bad wide, saw David Barrett finish off a length of the field move on 12 minutes after a Leitrim attack broke down. Jamie Quinn put a free badly wide before Conor Finn managed to get to a crossfield pass and scored from distance on 17 minutes.
Sean Doyle scored from long range before Mark Connolly McGowan got a yellow card, Oisin Bohan putting the free badly wide. Sligo continued to rack up the scores with Rian Moylan and Oisin Murphy (free) pointing.
Matthew Clavin threaded a good pass through to Sean Doyle but desperate Leitrim defending managed to see their shot fly over the bar.
Leitrim finally ended a barren spell with a Jamie Quinn free and a lovely long range effort from Colin Moran while a goal from a Paul Keaney free was disallowed for a square ball infringement.
The big moment came a minute before halftime when Sligo's Connolly McGowan blatantly body-checked a Leitrim player and got a black card to go with their yellow and their marching orders.
Leitrim had two missed chances before halftime as Sligo led 0-11 to 0-6 at the break. Oisin Niblock replaced Daniel Maguire for the second half but Leitrim opened with three missed chances, including a David O'Connell free hitting the post.
Paul Keaney scored on a nice counter attack but Lee Deignan replied with their own free on six minutes. Oisin Bohan (free) and Keaney (50) cut the gap to three points after ten minutes but three poor shots saw Leitrim miss some good chances.
Lee Deignan scored a good point after an excellent run but Shane Mallon replied with a good point.
Then came another turning point for Sligo as the impressive Conor Finn was forced from the game with a hip injury as they fell heavily after an aerial clash on 19 minutes, the game held up for six or seven minutes.
Eoin McLoughlin was somewhat harshly yellow carded while Sligo were sure they had a goal only for Matthew Earley to make a wonderful save on 26 minutes while they also missed an easy free and save a shot come off the post.
Oisin Bohan put over a free in the last minute of normal time but with nine minutes of added time, there was lots of time for Leitrim. Francie Davitt, introduced as a sub less than a minute before, made an instant impact with a point two minutes into added time.
Leitrim, however, then kicked three very bad wides before Tom Prior levelled the scores after 36 minutes.
And almost immediately, Leitrim hit the front when a poor clearance was snapped up and a quick counter-attack saw Paul Keaney bury the ball in the net on 37 minutes.
From the kickout, Shane Mallon fired over a good point before the coup de grace arrived after over nine minutes of added time when David O'Connell blasted the ball to the Sligo net, a slightly misleading final margin of victory for Leitrim.
GAME AT A GLANCE
Main Man: Matthew Earley kept Leitrim in this game when they were in real danger with a superb save while Paul Keaney, Colin Moran, David O'Connell, Patrick McKenna, Eoin McLoughlin and Tom Prior stood out.
Talking Point: This long awaited victory was incredibly Leitrim's first win at Minor/U17 level in Connacht since the Green & Gold defeated Sligo, also in Markievicz Park, to reach the Connacht Minor Final 16 years ago in 2002! And that is definite progress.
Turning Point: A black card, on top of a yellow, for Mark Connolly McGowan gave Leitrim a lifeline just before halftime as Sligo led by five points at the time.
Ref Watch: Referee Paul Lydon angered Sligo supporters with the failure to award up to three black cards for Leitrim players and they may have had a point. Their one black card did have a huge effect as it ended up leaving Sligo a man short, deservedly so, for all of the second half.
Highlight: Matthew Earley made a huge save at a time when Sligo led by three points, a goal then would surely have sealed the win.
Lowlight: For a long time in this match, Leitrim's play was disjointed and some of the shooting left an awful lot to be desired and hampered their efforts.
TEAMS & SCORERS
LEITRIM
Scorers: Paul Keaney 1-3, 1 50; Oisin Bohan 0-3, 3f; David O'Connell 1-0; Shane Mallon, Jamie Quinn (f) & Tom Prior 0-2 each; Colin Moran & Francie Davitt 0-1
Team: Matthew Earley, Tom McKeon, Eoin McLoughlin, Jack Flynn, Patrick McKenna, Paul Keaney, Francis McGovern, Colin Moran, David O'Connell, Shane Mallon, Caolan Clancy, Jamie Quinn, Daniel Maguire, Tom Prior, Oisin Bohan. Subs: Oisin Niblock for Maguire (HT), Niall Keegan for Clancy (38), Francie Davitt for Quinn (61)
SLIGO
Scorers: Lee Deignan 0-4, 3f; Conor Finn 0-3; Sean Doyle 0-2; David Barrett, Eoghan Sweeney, Oisin Murphy (f) & Rian Moylan 0-1 each
Team: Griffin Gallagher, Mark Connolly McGowan, David Barrett, Luke Fleming, Sean Carnahan, Sean Carroll, Eoghan Sweeney, Ronan Wilson, Matthew Clavin, Oisin Murphy, Sean Doyle, Conor Finn, Rian Moylan, James Heraghty, Lee Deignan. Subs: Lee Wilson for Heraghty (28), Ciaran McKeon for Wilson (38), Jim Davis for Finn (51), Darragh Williams for Clavin (61)
Referee: Paul Lydon (Mayo)
[India] Apr 24 (ANI): The 15th Finance Commission, which is about to be hosted in Assam from April 25 to 27, would evaluate the state's socio-economic challenges and understands the efforts of the state government to tackle these.
The commission will be led by the chairperson N.K.Singh, members - Shaktikanta Das, Dr. Anoop Singh, Dr. Ashok Lahiri, Dr. Ramesh Chand and secretary Arvind Mehta along with other officials.
Recently, Assam made strides in growth and socio-economic development, transcending its geographical and historical challenges.
"However, there are significant opportunities for accelerating the momentum in the State's health, educational and economic outcomes. Demographic diversities give rise to myriad socio-cultural conditions and contingencies offering developmental challenges of various forms. Notwithstanding recent growth spurt, endemic structural issues need to be addressed in a time-bound manner," read the official release. According to a 2011 census, about 50 percent of the total workforce still depends on agriculture. Even though the state is rich in terms of oil, gas and other natural resources, industrialisation and urbanisation remain limited. The state has a per capita income of INR 67,620 which was lower than all India average of INR 1,03,870. During the event ways of and means to enhance the income would be taken into consideration. Talking about the state's challenges, the release mentioned that the state has a Mortality Rate (IMR) of 47 per 1,000 live births which is higher than the all-India average (37 per 1,000 live births). "Maternal Mortality Rate is also much higher than the National Average. Life expectancy is only 64.7 years which is lower than the all-India average (68.3 years). The literacy rate of Assam was 72.2 percent against an all-India percentage of 73. Decadal population growth (16.93 percent) of the State was lower than that of the country (17.64 percent)," read the official release. The Finance Commission will make an in-depth study of the recent developments in order to lay out a path for means and ways of furthering economic growth and development of Assam in the near future.(ANI)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Rapper Meek Mill leaves prison after Pennsylvania high court orders them freed on bail while they appeal convictions.
Bottom Line: PD-L2 protein expression in human tumors was associated with clinical response to pembrolizumab (Keytruda), an anti-PD-1 immunotherapy, independent of PD-L1 expression, in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC).
Journal in Which the Study was Published: Clinical Cancer Research, a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research.
Author: Jennifer H. Yearley, DVM, PhD, senior principal scientist of Anatomic Pathology at Merck Research Laboratories in Palo Alto, California.
Background: "It is well known that PD-1 has two binding partners, PD-L1 and PD-L2, yet most of the published work to date has looked at the distribution and predictive benefits of PD-L1 expression alone," said Yearley. "We developed an assay that detects PD-L2 with a high degree of specificity and sensitivity to evaluate the prevalence of PD-L2 in human tumors and assess the relationship of PD-L2 expression with clinical response to pembrolizumab in patients with HNSCC."
How the Study Was Conducted and Results: First, Yearley and colleagues analyzed over 400 archival tumor samples across seven cancer types (renal cell carcinoma, bladder, melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, triple negative breast cancer, gastric carcinoma, and HNSCC) with the novel immunohistochemistry assay. "We were very surprised to find how common PD-L2 expression was across all of the tumor types we evaluated," they said.
They also discovered that PD-L2 expression varied significantly among tumor types: gastric cancer and triple negative breast cancer showed generally moderate to high levels of expression, whereas expression in renal cell carcinoma was predominantly low. Furthermore, over half of the HNSCC samples showed tumor cell expression of PD-L2, while tumor cell expression was not seen in any of the renal cell carcinoma and very few of the melanoma samples.
Next, Yearley and colleagues evaluated tumor samples from 172 patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC in two combined cohorts who had been assigned treatment with pembrolizumab during the KEYNOTE-012 trial. They found that clinical response was related to expression of PD-L2, suggesting that therapy targeting both PD-L1 and PD-L2 may enhance patient response.
"The overall response rate (ORR) for the two KEYNOTE-012 cohorts in this study was 27.5 percent among patients whose tumors were positive for both PD-L1 and PD-L2, more than two times higher than the 11.4 percent ORR for patients whose tumors were positive only for PD-L1," said Yearley. The researchers also found that PD-L2 positivity was associated with longer overall survival (OS), and median OS times were 303 days and 109 days respectively.
Author Comment: "We are all aware that PD-L1 is a marker with varying degrees of predictive ability in different tumor types," said Yearley. "There are individuals who are PD-L1 positive who don't respond, and people who are PD-L1 negative who do respond."
Overall, this study suggests that PD-L2 expression may provide additional information beyond PD-L1 positivity in predicting clinical response to anti-PD-1 therapies, Yearley noted.
As regards further ongoing work, expression of PD-L2 along with PD-L1 and other immune related analytes is included in a gene expression profile that reflects a T-cell inflamed tumor microenvironment, Yearley noted. This profile has been shown to be related to response to anti-PD-1 therapy and is currently being evaluated for potential diagnostic use in pembrolizumab clinical trials, they said.
Limitations: Limitations of the study include that the data obtained using the new assay was not compared with other standard detection and scoring methods, and a cutoff for PD-L2 expression levels associated with positive clinical response was not established, as this was an exploratory study.
###
Funding & Disclosures: This study was funded by Merck, of which Yearley is an employee.
Follow us: Cancer Research Catalyst http://blog. aacr. org ; Twitter @AACR; and Facebook http://www. facebook. com/ aacr. org
For AACR information, visit Fast Facts.
About the American Association for Cancer Research
Jens von Bergmann of Vancouver said the province bungled the rollout
A Vancouver mathematician is feeling a little confused, and a lot snarky, about why British Columbians can't seem to understand how the increased school tax works.
“I kept reading these stories about the people affected… and I thought maybe this [calculator] was needed,” Jens von Bergmann told Black Press Media.
“I think the fact that it is a wealth based tax means it's new and it's different.”
The school tax, announced by Finance Minister Carol James in February, would apply a tax rate of 0.2 per cent to the portion of a home's assessed residential value that is between $3 million and $4 million, excluding stratified rentals. A tax rate of 0.4 per cent would apply to all home value over $4 million.
“It just really drives home this divide we're facing in Vancouver,” said Von Bergmann.
“People that have bought quite a while ago and have seen their house value go up but don't perceive that necessarily as liquid wealth and other people that are really struggling to pay rent in the city. I think the tax is trying to strike some sort of balance between the two.”
READ MORE: David Eby cancels town hall due to ‘safety concerns' after school tax protest planned
The tax is due to start in 2019 but has already raised outrage, especially in Attorney General David Eby's Point Grey riding.
Eby cancelled a town hall on the tax in early May, claiming that the opposition was encouraging non-registered attendees to crash the ticket-only event and making it unsafe.
MaryAnn Cummings, a Point Grey senior who's against the tax, called it “predatory” and said that the tax “ignores an owners ability to pay it.”
But Von Bergmann says they don't have much sympathy.
“I find it hard to relate to how this could constitute any form of cruel hardship,” they wrote in a blog post.
“And I am comfortably housed, I don't want to imagine how someone struggling to pay rent in this city is supposed to by sympathetic to this.”
An owner of a $4 million house would pay $2,000 in school tax, according to the province. While Von Bergmann blames people's poor math skills for not being able to grasp how little they'll really pay in extra taxes, they also think the province bungled the rollout.
They brought up the example of David Tha, 72, who told the Vancouver Courier that they were cutting cable and eating less meat to afford the tax.
But although Von Bergmann called Tha “principled,” they noted that they could either sell, or just defer the taxes on their $6.75-million home, which had gone up from the $370,000 Tha bought it for in 1987.
“We have to conclude that they are very principled, but I am still not convinced that the single mom trying to make ends meet renting an East Van basement suite will be terribly sympathetic to Tha's self-imposed budget constraints,” Von Bergmann wrote.
“Vancouver is indeed expensive, but with $6.7M in equity, almost all of which is untaxed capital gains, it is very hard to see how they could find a reasonable place to live to fit their middle class lifestyle.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
1. Salah playing as well as anyone in the world right now
MO SALAH HAS enjoyed a phenomenal season and it was hard to argue with the decision to award them PFA Player of the Year on Sunday night.
Tonight, against the club that sold them to Liverpool, Salah showed why people have been heaping praise on the Egypt international of late.
The very best players tend to consistently have an impact on the biggest occasions and that was certainly the case with Salah at Anfield this evening.
The 25-year-old scored their 42nd and 43rd goals of the season, in addition to setting up the next two, as the Reds ran rampant against their hapless Italian opponents.
 They are now just four goals away from equalling Ian Rush's record 47 goals in the 1983-84 campaign.
As Michael Owen told The42 on Sunday, the former Chelsea player is on their way to becoming a club legend provided they can maintain this phenomenal form for a few more seasons.
And should the brilliant attacker propel Liverpool to Champions League glory, then they surely represent a big threat to the stranglehold Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have had on the Ballon d'Or for the past 10 years.
2. Naive Roma tactics facilitate Liverpool's goal rush
AS Roma's Ramses Alisson looks dejected after conceding a fourth goal. Source: Peter Byrne
As impressive as Liverpool looked for long periods of tonight's game, there is no doubt that Roma were their own worst enemies at times.
The Italians' record at the Stadio Olimpico, where they have yet to concede once in the Champions League this season, has been so impressive of late that they would fancy themselves to beat anyone there.
On the road, however, they have looked less formidable, with a 4-1 defeat by Barcelona away in the quarter-final first leg highlighting their frailties on the road.
With that in mind, Roma surely should have considered sitting back and turning the match into a cagey affair this evening with a view to playing a more expansive game next week.
Inferior sides to the Italians have frustrated Liverpool with negative tactics already this season — Jurgen Klopp's men have drawn blanks against Everton, Swansea, West Brom and Man United earlier in the campaign.
Instead, the Italians tried to play a high line against the lightning speed of Mo Salah and co, with Federico Fazio, a 31-year-old centre-back who struggled to cope with the pace of the Premier League at Tottenham, among their players at the back.
Liverpool's phenomenal attacking trio time and again punished the visitors for their open approach to the game, and despite the concession of two late goals, the Reds are still in pole position to progress to the final ahead of next Wednesday's second leg.
3. Can Roma pull off a second miraculous comeback?
Virtually no one believed there was any hope for Roma in the quarter-final after they were beaten 4-1 by Barcelona in the first leg.
They subsequently stunned the Catalan outfit, winning the second leg 3-0, to advance to the next round.
And if they beat Liverpool by the same scoreline in Rome, they will earn a place in next month's final in Kiev.
Yet a second comeback appears similarly improbable to the first. There a couple of reasons why Liverpool are unlikely to ‘do a Barcelona'.
Firstly, there was an element of complacency to the La Liga side's approach to that infamous second leg, and Liverpool, having witnessed what Roma can do, surely won't make the same mistake.
Secondly, Roma will have to really go for the game in the second leg — the type of scenario that should give Salah, Mane and Firmino to get ample opportunity to hurt them on the counter-attack. For all their qualities, Barça don't have quite the same lightning speed in attack as Liverpool, which meant Roma could thrive last time out.
And of course, Liverpool already have experience of holding a three-goal lead from the last round against Man City, and the experience of that tie, where they wobbled to a degree in the first half of the second leg, before emerging 2-1 winners on the night, is likely to prove invaluable next week.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
“Apple Watch Series 3 has relieved my Forgotten Phone Anxiety,” Michael Simon writes for Macworld. “You know the feeling: You reach your destination and paw at the outside of your pocket to feel the phone-sized lump and it isn't there. And you panic.”
“With an LTE-equipped Apple Watch Series 3 on my wrist, I don't need to turn around and head back to my house. I know that if someone is trying to get in touch with me, they can, and if an urgent email comes in, I can answer it,” Simon writes. “That being said, I didn't need more than a couple days with my LTE-equipped Apple Watch Series 3 to see that it's not meant to be away from an iPhone for very long. Its main selling point might be independence, but it's still a generation or two away from being a full replacement for your iPhone.”
MacDailyNews Take: Apple Watch will never be a full replacement for your iPhone due to its display size limitation. Period. Full stop.
“Along with LTE, there's also a new S3 processor and W2 wireless chips, which give the Series 3 Apple Watch a tremendous speed boost,” Simon writes. “Navigation and animations are much smoother now, but most importantly, apps open much quicker. The speed of third-party apps was a pretty major pain point with previous generations of Apple Watch (particularly the original model, which most people will be upgrading from), and the new internals make a huge difference.”
Much more in the full review here.
The Washington Capitals have left out Australia's Nathan Walker for game two of their NHL Stanley Cup series with the Las Vegas Golden Knights.
Walker, who was also scratched from Monday's opener, was one of seven players Capitals coach Barry Trotz left out of the squad for Wednesday's game in Las Vegas.
The Capitals are desperate for a win in the best-of-seven series after letting in two late goals in game one to lose 6-4 to the Knights.
Gloucestershire Police has paid out more than £10,000 in the last year to just four employees who suffered injuries in the workplace.
The figure of £10,336 in damages to police officers / police staff was revealed in a request under the Freedom of Information Act and covers the period August 2016 to the same month this year.
Each person who put in a claim received at least £2,300 according to the figures, but the force has refused to say what each claim was for.
They said that through the Data Protection Act (1998), the disclosure of the information could lead to the identification of individuals.
A recent article in The Sun told how one officer successfully sued West Midlands Police for more than £12,000 after being bitten by a flea while on duty.
Other successful claims included £5,000 to an officer who tripped at work and £8,573 for someone harmed lifting heavy items.
Earlier this year, data obtained by The Telegraph suggested a UK police officer is attacked every 13 seconds.
In the first major survey of its kind, the Police Federation of England and Wales discovered that more than 6,000 officers are assaulted on the front line each day.
Gloucestershire Police have been asked if they wish to comment on this story.
The driver of a Jeep, whom authorities say may have suffered a medical episode, died Thursday morning after crashing into a school bus on the westbound 10 Freeways near the Pepper Avenue exit, California Highway Patrol officials said.
“Right now we're trying to see if the driver of the Jeep went through the freeway fence and struck the bus,” said Officer Marcelo Llerena in a phone interview.
The crash was first reported around 6:30 a.m., officials said. The Jeep Renegade crashed into the side of the bus — which did not have any students on board — leading officials to shut down the Pepper Avenue offramp and right lanes of the westbound side of the freeway, CHP officials said. The SigAlert is expected to remain in place until about 1 p.m.
The driver of the Jeep, later identified as 70-year-old Russell Bard on Fontana, was taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton where they later died, authorities said.
Traffic on the westbound lanes of the freeway was backed up for several miles to the 210 Freeway in Redlands, traffic maps show.
Staff writer Mike Cruz contributed to this report.
This story is developing. Check back later than further information is available.
ANCESTRY
Future Style Lab Launches Ancestry, a brand that reimagines the contemporary Indian lifestyle.
The fashion brand launched its second store in Ambience Mall, Vasant Kunj
Future Style Lab, a subsidiary of Future Group, has launched Ancestry, a label that has interpreted Indian heritage in a modern world. Ancestryis a contemporary Indian lifestyle and fashion brand that will offer women apparel, home & gifting products. The eclectic collection of the brand is a beautiful mix of organic, heritage inspired, and specially handcrafted products.
Its first store opened in Ambience Mall, Gurugram. Spread across 1200 sq.ft., this exclusive store with a rustic and modern luxurious experience, has a wide range of collection, including a fresh take on Indian fashion, accessories and home décor. Carving a niche identity for itself, Ancestry has created a taste suited for contemporary Indian yet rooted in Indian tradition.
The brand plans to extend its presence by rolling out many branded stores and building strong alternate channels. Ancestry has opened up its second store. It is spread across 1350 SQFT at the buzzing Ambience Mall, Vasant Kunja great destination for all fashion shoppers. Ancestry is all set to launch soon at Mall of India in Q2.
Ancestry is inspired by the evolving face of the new age Indian who is self-assured, professionally competent and curious to discover new paths. The collection amalgamates Indian heritage with craft techniques. Taking a hint from sustainable and ease cotton, the contemporary designs of Ancestry have been created.
Manjula Tiwari – CEO at Future Style Labs said,“We are really excited to launch the second store of Ancestry. Ancestry will offer Indian lifestyle and clothes re-imagined based on key international trends. We want to provide a fresh lifestyle solution for the modern Indian. The collection is Indian textile fashion that has been revisited and reimagined.”
The collection at Ancestry comprises of exquisite contemporary Indian outfits from kurtas to long dresses, petite short dresses, tunic tops, and many more; indulged into pastel and breezy colours. With an ensemble set priced at an average of Rs 5000, the brand is set to capture the market with a sweet price range.
The Ancestry Woman represents the evolving face of contemporary India.  They are curious about the world and finds new paths to discover it. Despite everything they remain rooted and innately Indian.  They are driven by their cultural capital to appreciate design and aesthetics.
About Future Style Lab
Future Style Lab is a design studio launched by Future Group. The lab is based in the fashion forward Victoria neighborhood of London and is headed by Manjula Tiwari, along with a team of design and manufacturing professionals. Future Style Lab aims to set the pace for India's fast-fashion business through integrating global fashion design with smart and efficient sourcing.
For further details, please contact:
Jayati Mehra: jayatimehra12@gmail.com
Rajesh Rana: rajesh.rana@futuregroup.in
Memphis quarterback Riley Ferguson throws during the first half of an NCAA college football game against Connecticut, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in East Hartford, Conn. Jessica Hill AP Photo
Last year, Nicki Minaj launched their “Student of the Game” fund as a way to give back to the people who have helped make their career possible. What started as a funny tweet turned into life-changing interaction.
Show me straight A's that I can verify w/ur school and I'll pay it. Who wants to join THAT contest?!?!----‍♀️ Dead serious. Shld I set it up? https://t.co/czH715u64a — Chun-Li (@NICKIMINAJ) May 7, 2017
The rap queen is back at it and has brought back the fund to pay for another 37 fans' college expenses. She's offering to give them each up to $18,000 toward their current tuition or student loans. How can I enter in this???
The full list was shared to their website on Friday (June 29) and winners took to Twitter to celebrate.
OMFGGGGGFG SNDNDJDKDKDJDNDNJDNJDJDND NICKI IS PAYING MY LOANS!!!! YOOOOOOO I'M CRYINGGGG!!!!!!!! -------- — Rye (@Classy_Barb) June 29, 2018
IM ONE OF THE #StudentOfTheGame WINNERS!!!!! IM CRYING THANK YOU SO MUCH @NICKIMINAJ THANK YOUUUU! pic.twitter.com/8cod0FK7Z1 — Wally ™ Maraj----(@wjoaquin9) June 30, 2018
Warsaw residents protest against plans by the ruling conservative party that are supported by the influential Roman Catholic Church to further tighten Poland's strict anti-abortion law, in front of the Warsaw Archbishop's residence in Warsaw, Poland, Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski)
Warsaw residents protest against plans by the ruling conservative party that are supported by the influential Roman Catholic Church to further tighten Poland's strict anti-abortion law, in front of the Warsaw Archbishop's residence in Warsaw, Poland, Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski)
WARSAW, Poland (AP) - Women across Poland are protesting in front of bishops' residences after the influential Roman Catholic Church urged the government to ban abortion.
In Warsaw, 400 protesters gathered Sunday before the archbishop's seat with wire clothes hangers, a symbol of illegal abortions. They chanted "Nothing about us without us!" and "Save the women!"
They were reacting to the Episcopate's statement last week that urged Polish lawmakers to totally ban abortion.
Poland's conservative government supports further tightening the country's strict anti-abortion law and banning abortions of sick or deformed fetuses. Such proposal by an anti-abortion group is to be debated by a parliament commission this week.
Poland allows abortion if the woman's life or health is threatened, the pregnancy results from rape or incest or the fetus is incurably sick or damaged.
Just about all life on Earth - from the jumbo-jet-sized blue whale to tiny microbes - use carbon in one form or another.
In the deep ocean, though, all carbon is not created equal.
While some, like sugars and proteins, is quickly gobbled up by the micro-organisms that call the ocean home, some - the chitin found in fish scales and marine exoskeletons - is far harder to consume. Scientists have long believed relatively little of that so-called "refractory carbon" is eaten. Much of it simply falls to the ocean floor and helps make up deep-water sediment, although some small refractory molecules stay suspended in the ocean and float along with currents for thousands of years.
But a team of researchers, led by Professor of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology Peter Girguis and Suni Shah Walter, then a post-doctoral fellow in Girguis' lab, has shown that underground aquifers along the mid-ocean ridge act like natural biological reactors, pulling in cold, oxygenated seawater, and allowing microbes to break down more - perhaps much more - refractory carbon than scientists ever believed. The study is described in an April 23 paper published in Nature Geoscience.
"This has the real prospect of reshaping the way we think about carbon cycling in the deep ocean," Girguis said. "Instead of setting up a tiny reactor here in the lab with maybe ten liters of water and pumping it around to get some result, this is a natural lab.
"At the end of the day our community wants to know what happens to carbon," they continued. "We know it is produced at the surface by photosynthetic algae. We know fish eat some of it. We know some of it sinks. We can account for that, but we have some giant holes in our budget."
While the study begins to close those gaps, it also helps illuminate a part of the deep-ocean carbon cycle that had been a mystery.
"We don't know where all of that old carbon goes, and underground aquifers are part of the answer," Shah Walter added. "The majority of fluids that circulate through the crust might look like this, we just didn't know much about what was going on in them before."
"This work shows that the vast subseafloor community of microbes could be fed by seawater circulating through deep ocean crust," said Michael Sieracki, program director in the National Science Foundation's Division of Ocean Sciences, which funded the research. "In turn, these microbes change the composition of the seawater that then circulates back into the ocean."
At the heart of the system, Girguis said, is the mid-ocean ridge, a massive chain of undersea mountains that circle the globe.
A key part in the development of the theory of tectonics, in the deep ocean the ridge system acts like a convection cell - water seeps into cracks and fissures on either side of the ridge and is heated as it gets closer to the axis, where magma is close to the surface. As that heated water rises, cold, oxygenated seawater is pulled into the rocks, creating a massive undersea aquifer.
For scientists - like Girguis - working to understand ocean carbon cycles, the aquifer represents a rare chance to study the ocean under virtually ideal conditions.
"Our understanding of where carbon goes in the ocean is pretty rudimentary," they said. "This gives us an opportunity to go to this natural laboratory and for the first time...take a measurement at point A and a measurement at point B and talk about what happens between them. That's a rare opportunity in the deep sea. There is nowhere in the deep ocean that we can do that in the water column - it's impossible because it's too well-mixed."
To get those measurements, Girguis and colleagues targeted a site in the mid-Atlantic they dubbed the "North Pond."
In 2011, an international team of researchers drilled a series of wells into the seafloor at the site and collected water samples to identify which microbes call the aquifer home and whether they were capable of consuming carbon.
"We wanted to tap into this and collect pristine water and microbial samples," they said. "When you look at these mid-ocean ridge systems and think about the water that is circulating through them, it looks as though a lot of the ocean is circulating through this cold, oxic environment...we wanted to know what's going on there with the microbes and what's happening with the carbon they get."
"Why do we care?" they continued. "We care about the fate of carbon because the carbon cycle is extremely important, not just for climate change, but for helping us to understand how the oceans work."
But when the team began collecting samples from the aquifer, Shah Walter said, they were in for a surprise.
"When the team pulled the fluids up from the aquifer, they didn't expect it to be as similar to seawater as it was," Shah Walter said. "All the planning was for fluids that looked more like other hydrothermal fluids (which can show high levels of methane and lower levels of oxygen.) They were prepared to measure methane, for example. But at first glance North Pond fluids looked chemically very similar to seawater, so that's when I got pulled in, because my work has focused on the open ocean. So the fact that this was a unique environment, that we could use this natural incubator, that became clear to us after the samples came up."
While Girguis and colleagues were able to show microbes in the aquifer could eat carbon, it remained unclear how active they were.
"With the limited data we have, we have been able to show that water comes in with a certain oxygen concentration, and as it drops, the carbon goes down in direct proportion," they said. "That gives us a high degree of confidence that microbes are eating it and using oxygen."
In fact, Girguis said, it's possible that microbes are eating carbon at an impressive rate.
"The number we found was that about 50 percent of the carbon is consumed, but it's important to realize that number is very conservative," they said. "If you consider how little we know about this system...it begs the question of what happens to this water as it continues to flow through here. It's not hard to imagine that we might eventually find that the majority of the carbon being eaten."
In later tests, Girguis and colleagues showed as water moves through the aquifer over nearly 3,000 years, the easy-to-eat carbon is consumed quickly - within just a few hundred years. More importantly, they also found signs that refractory carbon was also being eaten.
"What's exciting is that for a long time - and even today - there have been debates about how quickly (refractory carbon) can be eaten," Girguis said. "But this natural laboratory has showed us that not only is this being degraded biologically, but the time over which it's being eaten."
Ultimately, Girguis said, the study highlights the way in which understanding the deep ocean can lead to a better overall understanding of the ocean.
"We think that the entire ocean circulates through this mid-ocean ridge system every 100,000 to 200,000 years," Girguis said. "If the entire ocean is circulating through this aquifer, we think this is probably the best representation of a typical microbial-seawater interaction as it moves through that system.
"Until we had these data there was a big gap in our knowledge," they added. "We thought water gets pulled in here, and all the action happens when it gets hot. But we don't think that's true anymore, especially because these microbes are eating this difficult-to-eat carbon."
Going forward, Girguis and colleagues hope to better quantify how much carbon is consumed as seawater moves through the aquifer, and whether the minerals in the basalt rock may contribute to microbe's ability to consume refractory carbon.
Ongoing studies, Shah Walter said, are testing the aquifer in other locations, and to test whether microbes are also consuming particulate matter in the aquifer.
"The majority of fluid that circulates through the crust is cool like this, and so far this is the only place we're looking at, so we definitely need to look in other spots," they said. "But there is also still a hole in our carbon budget. We have an idea that one missing piece of the puzzle is that we weren't looking at the particles in the water. We think we can close this hole by accounting for the carbon metabolism that's happening on those particles."
"This started with the intent of saying...let's figure out what the microbes are doing in this cold, oxygenated aquifer, and we can add those data to our understanding of the carbon cycle," Girguis said. "But in looking at the data, we were rather astonished by the results, which tell us that, not surprisingly, this easy-to-eat carbon is consumed first, but then we began to see signs of the consumption of this refractory carbon.
"That is a big deal," they added. "One way to think about this is that all creatures depend on carbon, and there's this cycle where carbon is produced and consumed...but studying that in the water column is impractical. But take that water and pump it through an underground, oxygenated aquifer and you suddenly have an opportunity to take a closer look at these processes."
###
This research was supported with funding from the German Science Foundation, the National Science Foundation, the WHOI Postdoctoral Scholar Program and the NSF Cooperative Agreement for the Operation of a NOSAMS Facility, The Center for Dark Energy Biosphere Investigations and The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.
* Rosneft filed lawsuit against Sistema on Tuesday
* Says assets removed from Bashneft when Sistema owned it
* Sistema says hasn't seen court papers so can't comment
* Russian state seized Sistema's Bashneft stake in 2014 (Writes through with new quotes, detail)
MOSCOW, May 3 Russian business conglomerate Sistema lost over a third of its market value on Wednesday after oil major Rosneft filed a lawsuit against the company for $1.9 billion.
The lawsuit rekindled investor fears from 2014, when the Russian government seized Sistema's stake in oil firm Bashneft , saying Bashneft's privatisation had been illegal.
Rosneft, which bought Bashneft from the state last year, said it was suing Sistema because assets were removed from Bashneft when it was owned by Sistema.
Sistema said it could not comment because it had not seen the court documents submitted by Rosneft and Bashneft in a Moscow court on Tuesday.
Sistema's Moscow-listed shares were down 37 percent at 1450 GMT, while its $500 million bond maturing in 2019 had fallen more than 3 cents to 104 cents, according to Tradeweb data.
Back in 2014, the bond plunged to as low as 46 cents. .
"Sistema rattled the market back in 2014," said Joseph Dayan, head of markets at BCS Global Markets in London. "The understanding was this dispute was a couple of years old so it's a surprise that it's come up again and in terms of the size of the claim too it's out of proportion to what we were expecting."
The lawsuit soured the mood on the Russian stock market.
The dollar-denominated RTS index fell 2 percent to 1,097 points, while the rouble-based MICEX was 1.5 percent lower at 1,995 points.
VTB Capital analysts said the size of the lawsuit was equivalent to 46 percent of Sistema's market capitalisation based on its global depository receipts (GDRs).
Shares in Sistema-owned telecoms firm MTS fell more than 10 percent on speculation Sistema could have to increase its debt burden or seek funds from MTS if it loses the lawsuit to Rosneft.
"The company doesn't have such money ($1.9 billion) on its balance sheet, and consequently if it loses the case it will have to either borrow or seek money from its subsidiaries," Promsvyazbank analysts said in a note. (Reporting by Alexander Winning, Polina Nikolskaya and Zlata Garasyuta in Moscow and Sujata Rao in London; Editing by Mark Potter)
As Maritimers dig out from the latest blast of winter, staff at Magnetic Hill Zoo in Moncton are also working hard to ensure the rare and exotic animals are prepared for the elements.
Deep snow also presents dangers to animals and challenges for the people who look after them. As snow plows dig out homes and businesses in Moncton's blanketed downtown, zoo staff have been braving the blizzard to tend to more than 600 animals.
“It'll take them two or three hours just to make a dent in the snow, to get the area opened up for keepers when they come in so they can get right to work with the animals,” says Bruce Dougan, manager at the Magnetic Hill Zoo.
Animals usually roam from indoors to outdoors in their enclosures, but must be kept inside during ice storms and heavy snowfall.
“If you've got a 12-foot fence and a six foot snowdrift, well, you have a six foot fence,” says zookeeper James Cann.
Keeping the animals inside also protects them from trees that could snap from the weight of snow or ice.
The zoo saw significant damage to trees during a recent ice storm, with no injuries to animals.
Ahead of a storm, zookeepers will follow a checklist to prepare every group of animals here, which includes determining how cold it can get before they must be kept inside.
They also evaluate incoming snowfall and wind speed, putting out extra bedding and food as needed. But once their charges are given the go-ahead, they're free to enjoy the snow day.
“They flop down and roll around in the snow! Anything that likes to bound, run and jump, the snow makes things that much more fun,” says Cann.
“It's much healthier for the animals if they can be in cooler temperatures, there are no bacteria or viruses in cold temperatures outside, and their coats get much thicker and heavier,” says Dougan.
While tigers are dashing through the snow, zookeepers are still keeping a keen eye on the weather ahead, ready to grab the shovels to dig out again.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Cami Kepke.
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan, who is returning to television with upcoming TV show TED Talks India Nayi Soch“, says they have no plans of competing with actors Akshay Kumar and Salman Khan on the small screen as they are doing “wonderfully well”.
Salman is currently hosting a controversial reality show Bigg Boss 11 while Akshay is seen as Super Judge on comedy show The Great Indian Laughter Challenge.
“To be honest, Salman and Akshay, what they are doing, they are in the league of their own. I am not even competing with them. They are doing wonderfully well,” Shah Rukh said at the launch of the Star Plus show here on Thursday.
“Having said that, I am not saying that our show is so different that we are not competing on the platform. I feel that this (‘TED Talks') really is a different kind of platform where it has a different sensibility. I am not saying what they are doing is old, has been there and done dead.
Trending :
“I know what Salman is doing, they are doing a Bigg Boss 11′ and Akshay is hosting ‘The Great Indian Laughter Challenge'. But this show is different and unrelatable,” Shah Rukh added.
Shah Rukh said that “TED Talks India Nayi Soch” is an inspiring show.
“I think this will be running in a league of its own and not competing with anyone. It is generally a very hopeful and inspiring show. It will have entertainment. It is not plugged in to get ratings or audiences. The show is about sharing ideas. Hopefully we will be competing with ourselves for what a TED Talks' has created over the years,” they said.
“TED Talks India: Nayi Soch” is a Hindi TV talk show created in partnership with TED, a non-profit organisation devoted to ‘ideas worth spreading'. It will feature speakers from various fields sharing ideas in TED's signature format of short, powerful talks. This is the first time TED is collaborating with a major network to produce a TV series featuring original “TED Talks” in Hindi.
By AFP - Aug 13,2017 - Last updated at Aug 13,2017
RIYADH — Saudi Arabia's budget deficit halved in the first six months of this year, the finance ministry said on Sunday, following sweeping spending cuts and a stabilisation in oil prices.
The ultra-conservative kingdom has moved to diversify its traditionally oil-dependent economy following a sharp fall in crude prices.
The budget deficit dropped by 51 per cent to 72 billion riyals ($19.2 billion) in the first half of 2017, the finance ministry announced.
"This result reflects an improvement in the management of public finances as a result of economic reform introduced through Vision 2030," said Saad Al-Shahrani, a high-ranking ministry official.
The Vision 2030 plan, announced by the kingdom last year, aims to develop Saudi Arabia's industrial and investment base and boost small-and medium-sized businesses to create local jobs and reduce reliance on oil revenue.
It is the second budget report released by Riyadh since the authorities announced in May they would begin issuing the figures on a quarterly basis to boost transparency.
The kingdom has regularly posted budget deficits since 2014, following a slump in oil prices.
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest crude exporter, in December projected a budget deficit of $53 billion for this year.
Revenues for the first half of the fiscal year were up 29 per cent to 308 billion riyals ($82.1 billion) from the same period last year.
Spending in the first six months dropped 2 per cent to 380.7 billion riyals.
As part of its reforms, Saudi Arabia is due to introduce value-added tax (VAT) in early 2018 along with the UAE and Qatar.
Three other Gulf states — Bahrain, Kuwait and Oman — plan to follow at a later date.
Riyadh announced in June it had begun taxing foreigners working in the private sector as part of its fiscal reforms.
The country is also preparing to sell just under 5 per cent of energy giant Aramco next year.
Saudi Arabia raised $17.5 billion in its first international bond offering in October 2016.
APSU Basketball accomplished something that had not been done since the 2002-03 season on Thursday, March 15. The Govs 80-66 thumping of the Warhawks from the University of Louisiana at Monroe served as the program's first win past the Ohio Valley Conference Tournament in 15 years.
The game also served as the Coach John McLendon Classic, giving the Govs a piece of hardware to commemorate Head Coach Matt Figger's first year at the helm.
Defense is the Key
When asked what about APSU makes them a team that can win the 2018 CIT Tournament, first-year student forward Terry Taylor said “our defense.”
APSU's Chris Porter-Bunton buried a 3-pointer in the first thirty seconds of the opening round, and the boys in the white jerseys with red and black trim never looked back.
A strong defense outing saw the Govs ahead 17-7 in four and a half minutes.
“We wanted to come out and set the tone and play aggressive,” said Taylor, who finished with 15 rebounds.
The Govs' tone and defensive pressure slowed the visiting Warhawks to a 42.9% field goal shooting in the first half, and seven missed shots on 14 attempts in the games opening 10 minutes.
“We play harder and we rebound harder then any team in the CIT,” said Taylor. “We feel we can win this thing, and we will play every game like it is our last.”
Ugba is the centerpiece to a team that is versatile and tested
Senior forward Averyl Ugba was voted as the John McLendon Classic MVP by members of the media in attendance at the game. The 6-foot-7 transfer netted a game high 27 points, three steals and one block in the Thursday night appearance.
Following on the score sheet with 11 points each were Taylor and Porter-Bunton. Taylor's outing served as their eighth double-double of the season while Porter-Bunton matched senior Tre' Ivory in most assists with six each.
The fifth starter, first-year student Dayton Gumm, dished out six points, four rebounds and two assists of their own.
“We have tenacity, and we got to have heart,” Ugba said.
Following a tone set by the starting line-up, APSU's bench produced 21 points with a double figures performance by Steve Harris and six points a piece for Zach Glotta and Richard Henderson.
“We had a tough non-conference schedule that got us here,” Ugba said. “I think we had the toughest non-conference schedule in the OVC. It got physical and prepared.”
Figger's boys are physical, so why not them?
When Figger came into APSU in the tail end of the spring semester they had a plan to create a physical and agressive team. Within one season with the former South Carolina associate coach in charge the goal is already evident.
The Govs raked in 38 rebounds against the Warhawks, behind Taylor leading the charge with 15. Taylor was the only athlete who saw the court to record more than seven rebounds.
“It is a credit to the good kids I have in the locker room,” Figger said. “We have a young team, but we have some talented kids”.
APSU also flexed their muscles in the paint by dropping 44 points from the close-range rectangle.
“Why not us [to win the CIT]?” Coach Figger asked. “We just have to take them one at a time, and hopefully at the end of the day we are up and we have the ball.”
Survive and Advance
The squad will return to the Dunn Center on Wednesday, March 21 to tackle the Flames from the University of Illinois at Chicago at 7 p.m. in the quarterfinals of the Collegeinsider.com Tournament.
The Govs and the Flames share one common opponent in Troy. APSU topped them 75-73 in mid-December while UIC faltered in late November 87-66 to the Trojans in Troy, Alabama.
Brie Bella doesn't want to pressure their daughter into not eating meat as they grow up, but while she's still young, the new mom wants to educate them about the benefits.
While Bella and their husband Daniel Bryan have been dedicated vegetarians for years, the star of E!'s Total Bellas opened up to PEOPLE about why they would eventually let 11-month-old Birdie Joe eat meat.
“As of right now, I am [feeding Birdie a vegetarian diet],” they said while discussing the importance of children's vaccinations in celebration of World Immunization Week, co-hosted by Rotary International and Red Nose Day.
“The day that Birdie asks me to try meat, I won't deny it to her,” Bella reveals.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Jennie Corti Photography
RELATED: Why Justin Baldoni Is Giving Their Infant Son Peanuts to Prevent Him Developing an Allergy
Bella says they want to educate their daughter on the benefits of living a vegetarian lifestyle but will be careful not to “push” their beliefs on them
“I'll always let them know the things I believe in and why, but I'll never push them on her,” they explain. “I was blessed to be raised in a family where they didn't push a lot of stuff on me.”
Adds the star, “I was able to find who I am today and I want Birdie to have that. I'll educate them on why I live the lifestyle I do, but if they ask for it one day I won't make them feel bad about it and I'll let them try it for sure.”
Jennie Corti Photography
RELATED VIDEO: WWE Superstars Brie and Nikki Bella on Bonding With Birdie: “[It's] the Most Incredible Thing in the World”
But even before Birdie was born, Bella faced criticism for not eating meat while pregnant. “You almost can't tell people you're a vegetarian because they feel like you're starving your baby,” they say.
“I birthed a 9-pound healthy baby. I ate so many vegetables, which is maybe why Birdie loves them too. I just think people have a misconception about what it means to be a healthy vegetarian.”
As part of Immunization Week, the wrestler also explained why they chose to vaccinate Birdie. “I was someone in the beginning who doubted vaccinations,” Bella continues. “But I started educating myself and I started realizing how easy it is for kids to get different diseases and infections that they can't fight off.”
“As a mother, that really opened up my eyes,” they add. “The thing people are most scared about are vaccine injuries. I sat there and thought, ‘My daughter can catch something and I'm either dealing with death or a vaccine injury. I'll take vaccine injury over death.' ”
To learn more about how #VaccinesWork and see Rotary in action, go to endpolio.org.
A pharmacist who wrote “I love Islamic State” on social media has been convicted of showing a terrorist beheading video to a young child.
Zameer Ghumra, 38, “brainwashed” two primary school-aged children, telling them not to befriend non-Muslims and “to kill” anyone who insults Islam, the BBC reports.
advertisement
A jury found them guilty at Nottingham Crown Court on Thursday of disseminating “terrorist propaganda” in the form of a graphic Twitter video on their mobile phone between January 2013 and September 2014.
During the trial, prosecutor Simon Davis said Ghumra believed in a “very, very, very extreme” form of Islam. They will be sentenced Friday.
One of the young victims described being shown “horrible and disgusting” beheading videos, and asked Mr. Ghumra “how can you behead people?” They said Mr. Ghumra replied: “If you truly believe in Allah, you can do it.”
In a police interview played to the court, one child said: “He put us on Twitter. They told us to follow whoever they followed. They were following ISIS and really bad people.”
The court also heard how Mr. Ghumra, who had claimed the two boys were making “a false allegation”, had also made pro-Islamic State posts on social media.
“The Muslim flag will fly over Downing Street and Buckingham Palace will make a great mosque. Can't wait,” they tweeted in July 2014.
“I love Islam. I love the Islamic State. I love my Caliph. I love my brothers and sister. I love death,” they wrote the next month, adding: “They call this hate speech.”
“May Allah make every citizen and soldier of the [Islamic State] an example for the world. All eyes on you my brothers [and] sisters,” they tweeted in October.
Speaking afterwards, Sue Hemming of the Crown Prosecution Service said: “Zameer Ghumra tried to brainwash impressionable children with this violent ideology by making one watch beheading videos and urging them both to adopt a hard-line religious outlook.
“The CPS case was that they intended to radicalise them in the hope that they would go on to be involved in terrorism. The children were brave to give evidence and we would like to thank them for helping to secure this conviction of a dangerous man.”
Lethal levels of radiation have been observed inside Japan's damaged Fukushima nuclear power plant. And they are arguably way higher than you suspect.
According to Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco), radiation levels of eight Sieverts per hour (Sv/h) have been discovered within the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which was destroyed after a massive earthquake and a tsunami in March 2011.
© AFP 2018/ JIJI PRESS Japanese Regulator Advocates Releasing Toxic Water Into Sea at Fukushima
Tepco, the company that operated the plant and is now tasked with decommissioning it, reported the discovery after making observations in a reactor containment vessel last month.
Eight Sv/h of radiation, if absorbed at once, mean certain death, even with quick treatment. One Sv/h is likely to cause sickness and 5.5 Sv/h will result in a high chance of developing cancer.
While 8 Sv/h is deadly, outside of Fukushima's Reactor Number 2 foundations of a much higher level of 42 Sv/h was detected.
A strange occurrence, and experts are still arguing what caused the discrepancy. One possible explanation is that cooling water washed radioactive material off debris, taking it somewhere else.
But here's a truly terrifying catch: according to the report, Tepco highly doubts the new readings, because, as was discovered later, a cover was not removed from the robot-mounted measurement device at the time of the inspection, NHK World reports.
Exactly one year ago, Sputnik reported that Tepco engineers discovered absolutely insane levels of radiation of about 530 Sv/h within the reactor. Such levels of radiation would kill a human within seconds. By comparison, the Chernobyl reactor reads 34 Sv/h radiation level, enough to kill a human after 20 minutes of exposure.
The levels of radiation within Fukushima reactor number 2 were so high that Tepco's toughest robot, designed to withstand 1000 Sv/h of radiation, had to be pulled out, as it started glitching due to high radiation levels. Nuclear experts called the radiation levels "unimaginable" at the time.
On November 2017, the New York Times and other news outlets reported a much smaller figure of 70 Sv/h of radiation, more or less on par with a 74 Sv/h reading gathered before an anomalous 530 Sv/h spike.
While that radiation dosimeter cover negligence prevents precise calculations, the actual picture inside Unit 2 is thought to be much worse.
Japanese state broadcaster NHK World quoted experts saying that if the cleaning of the stricken power plant is not properly addressed, it will result in major leak of radioactivity with "global" consequences.
Richard Black, director of the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit, says that while the readings are not reliable, they still "demonstrate that, seven years after the disaster, cleaning up the Fukushima site remains a massive challenge — and one that we're going to be reading about for decades, never mind years."
Mycle Schneider, independent energy consultant and lead author of the World Nuclear Industry Status Report, criticized Tepco, saying the power company has "no clue" what it is doing.
"I find it symptomatic of the past seven years, in that they don't know what they're doing, Tepco, these energy companies, haven't a clue what they're doing, so to me it's been going wrong from the beginning. It's a disaster of unseen proportions."
In observing the poor maintenance of plant radiation leaks, Schneider also pointed out that the company stores nuclear waste at the site in an inappropriate way.
"This is an area of the planet that gets hit by tornadoes and all kinds of heavy weather patterns, which is a problem. When you have waste stored above ground in inappropriate ways, it can get washed out and you can get contamination all over the place."
VANCOUVER, Canada — A female stunt person has died while performing a motorcycle stunt on the set of “Deadpool 2,” according to a statement from the Vancouver police.
The name of the victim has not been released.
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘Deadpool 2' this morning,” 20th Century Fox said in a statement. “Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
Actor Ryan Reynolds also confirmed the death, saying that they and other crew members were “shocked, heartbroken and devastated” in a statement on Twitter:
“Deadpool 2” is the follow-up to the 2016 film starring Ryan Reynolds that grossed over $363 million domestically. Production on the sequel began in late June. At the time, Reynolds marked the occasion with a photo posted to social media captioned, “Feels good to be back.”
Since then, Reynolds, a Vancouver native, has shared numerous behind the scenes sneak peeks.
Last week, they posted a photo with local police, thanking them for their help coordinating a scene that caused road closures and traffic delays downtown. (In their post, they jokingly referred to the film as “Spider-Man.”)
“Deadpool 2” has a 2018 release date.
The death is the second occurrence of a fatal on-set accident in recent weeks – John Bernecker, a stunt performer for AMC's “The Walking Dead,” died in July after performing a fall on the show's Georgia set. The death was deemed an accident caused by blunt force trauma to the head, according to a coroner's report.
WorkSafeBC, a group that investigates employee safety, is investigating the fatality on the set of “Deadpool 2,” according to police.
Update: @WorkSafeBC & @bccoroners investigating death of female stunt driver https://t.co/c3e4BqEz9u on Deadpool set as workplace accident. — Vancouver Police (@VancouverPD) August 14, 2017
It appears this is a motorcycle stunt gone wrong for a movie, people on scene won't confirm it's Deadpool 2 pic.twitter.com/wXKGg4B0nI — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
.@VancouverPD officers survey the scene. Two ambulances were here for some time but left without sirens on. pic.twitter.com/FUiIqJoZ3A — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
A motorcycle lays on the ground just across from Jack Poole plaza. You can't see here but above it is broken glass pic.twitter.com/zzl5Ag9gYT — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
Global Smart Airport Market by Technology (Security Systems, Communication Systems, Cargo & Baggage Handling Control, and Other technologies), Application, Terminal type, Airside, Landside, and by Region- Forecast to 2023
Market Scenario
The global smart airport market has grown drastically with innovative technologies that have enhanced user experiences. The rise in demand for real-time data is anticipated to drive the market growth, as it help to ease the burden on airport infrastructure and manpower. The key growth drivers include modernization of previous airports, establishment of new airports, development in commercial aviation, and increase in green initiatives by the airports. The aim of constructing a smart airport is to create systems and processes that are digitally equipped and arranged, in terms of process efficiency and connectivity.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5882
The introduction of various devices with innovative options, such as client identification through a unique heartbeat pattern with the assistance of biometric signatures and preparation of artificial intelligence technology, across airports are supporting the management of huge airport databases.
Smart robots are set to rise the productivity of the workforce, working at Singapore Changi airport. A smart wheelchair system, wheelchairs guided by vision-based technology is the latest technology which is to be implemented at the airport in the upcoming years. Different technologies include Roboto, a prototype robotic chef, which prepares ‘laksa' for passengers in Sats Premier Lounge.
A rising trend within the industry is the development and commercialization of recent intelligent technologies that provide a digital ecosystem, such as machine-driven arrival, flight booking management, and baggage and document checks to the passengers. Airports across the globe are progressively adopting technology-enabled devices, such as smart baggage system and on-site application of Internet of Things (LoT) to transform customer experiences. Moreover, development of queue management systems that utilize existing CCTV systems and predict the waiting time in arrival areas, security checkpoints, taxi lanes, and passport management will help to locate the passenger in less time. Queue management system counts the number of passengers captured within the CCTV cameras, calculate the waiting time, and predict the time spent by a traveler in a queue.
At present, airports are accumulating traveler data to provide various added advantage to passengers, such as data regarding the nearest retail locations, live updates on flight status, traffic and parking updates, guidance for arrival and baggage drop, directions for immigration check, and live updates on bus and taxi transportation services.
The various application varieties analyzed, within the report, embrace aeronautical and non-aeronautical operations. The non-aeronautical segment is expected to witness important growth throughout the forecast period. Services such as retail outlets, advertising, smart parking, Wi-Fi, restaurants, lounge access, and personalized services are driving the growth in non-aeronautical applications.
Airports, worldwide, have started diversifying their financial gain and are spending huge amount to implement non-aeronautical operations, such as providing parking facilities, lounges, conference rooms, and boarding and lodging facilities. Airports are currently focusing their efforts on traveler satisfaction and have started providing various facilities, such as providing personalized data relating to retail showrooms and related offers, by analyzing the precise habits and wishes of previous visited passengers, so as to make customized user expertise for the new passengers.
The segment, terminal side is predicted to emerge as the largest section during the forecast period. Terminal side updated information is provided to the traveler on their smartphones so as to know the landing field kiosks. It also involves devices that provide location services and alerts for guiding traveler to their terminals and gates with personalized retail and hospitality offerings.
The smart airport market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of more than 12% during the forecast period of 2017-2023. This estimation of a CAGR is due to the rise in usage of digital technologies worldwide, aircraft companies are more focusing towards the digital transformation to enhance personal experience of the passengers.
Key Players
The key players in smart airport market are Honeywell Corporation Inc (U.S.), Rockwell Collins, Inc. (U.S.), SITA (Switzerland), Siemens AG (Germany), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.), Raytheon (U.S.), Kiewit (U.S.), Larsen & Toubro (India), and Amadeus IT Group SA (Spain).
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-airport-market-5882
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) – The Appalachian Regional Commission says additional funding of nearly $16 million will help diversify economies in coal-mining communities in seven states.
The commission announced Wednesday the funding for 18 projects in Alabama, Kentucky, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and West Virginia that would create or retain more than 1,700 jobs.
The funding comes from a job-creation organization involving multiple federal agencies, including the U.S. Commerce and Labor departments and the commission.
In a news release, ARC federal co-chair Earl Gohl called the awards “a blueprint for new jobs, fresh opportunities, and a robust economic future for Appalachia.”
ARC, which President Donald Trump has proposed eliminating, has invested more than $92 million over the past year to diversify the economies in 250 counties in 11 states. The commission says Appalachia lost 33,500 coal mining jobs between 2011 and 2016.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Paul Revere Middle School will host its 7th Annual Holiday Canned Food Drive, which will run through December 13. Food will be donated to benefit the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank. Canned and packaged non-perishable foods may be brought to homerooms or placed at bins on campus.
Revere eighth grade English teacher John Slavin said that canned goods such as veggies, beans, fruit, tuna, meat and juice, and packaged foods such as rice, pasta and peanut butter are welcomed. “Revere can make a difference,” they said.
For more information, visit https://www.paulreverems.com.
Italy's two main anti-establishment parties could yet form a government, after the man nominated as interim prime minister said politicians, rather than technocrats like himself, might be able to steer the country out of deadlock.
Wednesday's development came as financial markets calmed after a rout a day earlier.
The crisis started when the 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League abandoned their plan to form a coalition after the head of state vetoed their choice of 81-year-old eurosceptic economist Paolo Savona as finance minister.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister-designate Carlo Cottarelli said possibilities had emerged "for the birth of a political government," and that financial market turmoil and other circumstances, "have caused me to wait for further developments".
A source close to President Sergio Mattarella, who vetoed Savona as finance minister and appointed Cottarelli to form a government to oversee fresh elections around the end of the year, said the two men had "decided together not to rush things, (to favour) a possible political government".
Luigi Di Maio, head of the 5-Star Movement which emerged from inconclusive elections in March as the biggest party in parliament, appealed to the League to drop its insistence on Savona as economy minister, so that the two parties could resurrect their bid to govern together.
"Let's find someone of the same calibre as Savona, who would still remain in the government in another ministry," Di Maio said on Facebook after meeting with Mattarella.
Mattarella welcomed the proposal, according to their staff. League leader Matteo Salvini, who is surging in opinion polls, seemed cool on the idea but did not rule it out.
"I hope we can launch a government, we'll see in the coming hours," they told party supporters.
However, in an apparent reference to Di Maio's plan they added an analogy between ministers and footballers: "If someone is a goalkeeper they have to play as goalkeeper, if someone is a striker they have to play as a striker."
Earlier in the day they had called for a snap election as "the best way to get out of this quagmire and confusion".
Primary care medicine is currently not able to meet the health care needs of cancer survivors, despite a decade-long effort by the medical establishment to move long-term survivorship care out of the specialists' realm, according to a new Rutgers study.
The study, published recently in JAMA Internal Medicine, examined 12 advanced primary care practices selected from a national registry of workforce innovators. Not one had comprehensive survivorship care program in place.
"This is troubling because these are highly innovative practices that have a national reputation," said study co-author Benjamin Crabtree, a medical anthropologist who is a professor in the Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School (RWJMS) and a member of the Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey. "As more and more people survive cancer, there will not be enough oncologists to follow these patients and meet their health care needs."
According to the National Cancer Institute, there are 15.5 million cancer survivors in the United States, a number expected to increase by 31 percent to 20.3 million, by 2026. The vast majority of these patients are seen in primary care practices.
A decade ago the Institute of Medicine released a seminal report, From Cancer Patient to Survivor: Lost in Translation, outlining the need for well-informed primary care survivorship physicians and identifying the components of care. Survivorship care includes checking for cancer re-occurrence, monitoring long-term effects of radiation and chemotherapy treatment and assessing a patient's psychological well-being.
The researchers, who over nearly two years spent 10 to 12 days observing each of the practices (based in Colorado, Illinois, Maine, New York, Pennsylvania and Washington) and interviewing clinicians and administrators, identified several barriers to integrating survivorship care into primary medicine.
No distinct clinical category for clinicians to identify cancer survivors exists. "There is no diagnosis code for 'cancer survivor' that can be entered into the medical record, which is important if you want physicians to pay attention," Crabtree said.
Electronic medical records (EHR) used in primary care practices have limited capability to record information on patients' cancer history and clinicians are not provided with actionable recommendations for follow-up care.
Medical records sometimes are lost as patients change clinicians over the years, leaving patients to report their cancer histories to their primary care doctors.
In addition to these issues, primary care physicians are concerned about their knowledge gaps in cancer care and the need to monitor changing information in oncology. "There is nothing in the residency curriculum about cancer survivorship," Crabtree said. "There is also nothing in Continuing Medical Education courses. It's just not there."
Only by correcting these deficiencies, can comprehensive cancer survivorship services move to the forefront of primary care, the study states.
"Seventy-five percent of survivors are seen in primary care," the authors write, "demonstrating a reliance on primary care to address their needs; however, those needs are currently not being met."
Other contributors to the paper include Ellen B Rubinstein, Ph.D., formerly RWJMS and now with Department of Family Medicine, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor; Shawna V. Hudson, Ph.D., Jenna Howard O'Malley, Ph.D., Heather Sophia Lee, Ph.D., Alicja Bator, MPH (Department of Family and Community Health, RWJMS); William L. Miller, M.D., Lehigh Valley Health network, Allentown, Pennsylvania: and Jennifer Tsui, Ph.D. ,Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for information after an unprovoked assault at the Cheltenham Festival left a 22-year-old man needing facial surgery.
The assault happened on the last day of The Festival, on Friday, March 16. The victim was on their phone in the open area of the Best Mate enclosure at Cheltenham Racecourse when they were approached by an unknown man and punched in the face.
The incident happened at approximately 5.15pm and the victim, who is from Bristol, suffered a fractured cheekbone which required surgery.
At the time of the incident they were wearing a distinctive light pink suit (pictured) and was in a crowded area.
Police have exhausted all other lines of enquiry and are now appealing for the public's help to identify the offender.
The suspect is believed to be around 35 to 40-years-old, with short dark hair and of a medium build.
Police are asking for anyone who witnessed this assault to call police on 101 quoting incident 459 of March 16.
Isotope research could help steer the conservation of many threatened species
University of Cincinnati professor Brooke Crowley wanted to know the hunting range of the Henst's goshawk, a large forest-dwelling bird of prey that ambushes small animals.
Henst's goshawks are difficult to find because of the rugged, inaccessible forest where they live. Little is known about their population. But because of their limited distribution, they are listed as near-threatened with extinction by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources.
Locating even a single goshawk nest required weeks of exploration by Crowley's research collaborators.
So Crowley decided to conduct an elemental analysis using strontium, naturally occurring isotopes found everywhere on Earth that travel the food chain from the soil to plants to herbivores and predators.
Specifically, Crowley compared the ratio of strontium 86 and strontium 87 isotopes in rainforest leaves collected across Madagascar's Ranomafana National Park to isotopes found in the remains of 19 partially consumed lemurs collected in or around goshawk nests to learn where the birds of prey were hunting.
Crowley, an associate professor of geology and anthropology at UC's McMicken College of Arts and Sciences, found that goshawks appeared to hunt almost exclusively at lower elevations in forest that is most at risk to agriculture and other human impacts.
The findings could help steer conservation efforts for goshawks and other vulnerable species.
"It's hard to observe goshawk behavior in the wild. This is a good, indirect way of tracking habitat use," Crowley said.
Them findings were published in the Wildlife Society Bulletin.
Crowley has been to Madagascar four times for various research projects. For this study, they partnered with an eclectic team of experts, including wildlife biologist Sarah Karpanty, an associate professor at Virginia Tech, who conducted fieldwork on goshawks for their dissertation. (Her brother, Jeff Karpanty, is a UC graduate.)
Karpanty scoured Madagascar's Ranomafana National Park, which protects 160 square miles of mountainous rainforest. The park is rich in biodiversity with more than a dozen kinds of lemur, primates found only in Madagascar. The park varies in elevation from 1,500 to 5,000 feet above sea level, which provides a variety of habitats for its many plants and animals.
But between the mountainous terrain and frequent drenching rains, finding even a single goshawk was a challenge.
"It's not easy. You have to cover a lot of ground on foot. You're in remote sections of Madagascar. So you try to get to high points where you can watch where birds are flying," Karpanty said.
Used in falconry since the Middle Ages, goshawks have a telltale white stripe over their eyes that gives them an especially fierce countenance. Goshawks inhabit dense forests on six continents, taking advantage of cover to ambush prey from small animals to other birds. Their short wings and long, rudder-like tails make them supremely adapted to maneuvering through the tree canopy.
"They rely on surprise," Karpanty said. "They live in dense, older forest. They sit and wait and then go into a quick dive after prey. They can tuck their wings to get through narrow gaps in the forest."
Goshawks are at the top of the food chain wherever they are found. Having good numbers of apex predators is a sign of a healthy or intact ecosystem.
Karpanty donned rappelling gear to climb 40 feet into abandoned nests after nesting season to see what Henst's goshawks were eating. They used a slingshot to fire a fishing line over a sturdy branch to rig the climbing ropes.
"I practiced climbing a lot at gyms. I was young, childless at the time and fearless!" Karpanty said. "My guides were really good with the slingshot."
Not surprisingly, they found the skeletal remains of several kinds of small lemur.
Conventional tracking methods of tracking wildlife such as using radio-telemetry were impractical in the park's rugged terrain, they said.
"We radio-tagged some birds but were unsuccessful in tracking them," Karpanty said. "You have to do everything by foot so we'd lose the birds all the time. From our radio-transmitter data alone, we couldn't know the extent of their range."
Karpanty sent Crowley bones from 19 lemurs they found at four goshawk nests.
Crowley also enlisted the help of lemur expert Andrea Baden, an assistant professor at Hunter College. Baden studies anthropological biology and has spent years following endangered lemurs in Ranomafana and other parts of Madagascar.
"It's tough. We're working in montane rainforest. A lot of people have a misconception that all tropical rainforests are hot. But this is cold and rainy. You'll have months of nonstop rain. Everything is damp constantly," Baden said.
Crowley has also explored this park on Madagascar's verdant eastern coast.
"The cold and wet got to me quickly," Crowley added. "I deeply respect the people who go into the forest and live there among the lemurs. I couldn't do it."
Baden studied a variety of lemurs, in particular the critically endangered black-and-white ruffed lemur.
"It's cat-sized. They're comical to watch. They'll come down to check you out and cock their heads to one side like a dog," Baden said.
Lemurs navigate the forest from the treetops. But the terrain is harder for their two-legged relatives on the ground.
"You'll be following animals and they can keep going in the trees, but you run into a cliff edge and you're stuck," they said.
"Lemurs are the most endangered mammals in the world," Baden said. "Unfortunately, what's left of the forest in Madagascar are these higher-elevation places because nobody can use them for agriculture."
Philip Slater of the University of Illinois and primatologist Summer Arrigo-Nelson with the California Institute of Pennsylvania also contributed to the study.
Baden and Arrigo-Nelson collected leaf and fruit samples of plants the lemurs were observed eating in different habitats and elevations in Ranomafana, recorded their location and shipped the dried specimens to Crowley for strontium analysis.
Researchers measured the ratio of strontium 86 and strontium 87 isotopes in lemur bones and the leaves collected from different forest habitats. These isotopes are released to varying degrees into streams and soil from the weathering of rocks. Plants absorb the strontium with other nutrients in the soil. Strontium then gets absorbed by animals when they eat the plants. In this way, the widely varying ratios of strontium isotopes creates a unique geographic signature.
By measuring strontium in lemurs and the many diverse habitats of the park, Crowley could infer where goshawks caught their prey.
Crowley used a similar analysis to track the movement of extinct mammoths and mastodons that roamed what is now Ohio.
Crowley said their findings suggest that vulnerable species could be susceptible to development pressures even in large parks such as Ranomafana, which is nearly 40 percent bigger than Ohio's biggest protected area, Shawnee State Forest.
"We make population estimates based on the area of protected land, assuming that animals are equally distributed over that space," Crowley said. "We may be protecting land that animals may not be able to use."
The study concluded that conserving and restoring lowland forest could be critical for the survival of goshawks on the island.
The research was funded in part by grants from the Fulbright Foundation, the National Science Foundation, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the Leakey Foundation, Primate Conservation, Inc., and the National Geographic Society.
Lemur expert Baden said the study's findings support what they have observed firsthand about lemurs and their predators. Improving or restoring habitat for goshawks will help endangered lemurs, too, they said.
"Lemurs are in trouble. They're in dire straits," Baden said.
Habitat loss is the biggest cause of their decline. And now there is an emerging threat: the bushmeat trade.
"The Malagasy people have a taboo against hunting lemurs. It's related to ancestor worship. They long believed that lemurs resembled their ancestors," Baden said.
Still, a 2016 study published in the journal PLOS One found widespread consumption of bushmeat. And for at least some of the Madagascar families surveyed, lemur was on the household menu, the study found.
Worse, because of its rich deposits of precious metals such as gold and other natural resources, Madagascar has been called "the next El Dorado." Foreign workers employed by mining companies have no cultural prohibitions against eating lemurs or other forest animals they poach, Baden said.
"Those taboos just fall apart. So now we're seeing a bigger bushmeat trade that is completely unsustainable," Baden said.
Karpanty said Madagascar can enlist the help of the goshawk for future conservation efforts. Predators such as bald eagles make good ambassadors for wildlife conservation, Karpanty said.
"It's easier to motivate people to conservation action when you're talking about interesting top predators," Karpanty said. "In this case you have an endangered predator and endangered prey, the lemurs. It highlights the fragility of the ecosystem."
###
Bore Gauges Market: Introduction
Bore gauge is a common term coined for tools that uniquely process the accurate diametric measurement of holes, cylinders or pipes. Ideally, a bore gauge comprises a measuring sled as the base and a shaft accommodating the dial indicator on top. There are different bore gauges for different types of holes, though they function on the basis of similar measurement processes, if not identical. The type also varies with the diameter of the bore that is to be measured.
Bore workers may not have access to a proper power line for their electronic bore gauges every time. Hence, currently, the trend of compact wireless electronic bore gauges that eliminate the requirement for power lines and long cable connectors is being witnessed in the Bore Gauges Market. The technicians can directly follow the process of measurement and get the reading on the bore gauge display.
Global Bore Gauges: Market Segmentation
On the basis of type, the global Bore Gauges market has been segmented as:
• Transfer gauges
o Beam gauges for larger diameter
o Small-hole gauges
o Telescopic gauges
• Dial bore gauges
• Electronic gauges
• Wireless electronic gauges
On the basis of compatibility, the global Bore Gauges market is segmented as:
• Adjustable capacity bore gauges with inter-changeable extensions
• Fixed size bore gauges with plug type bodies
On the basis of special applications, the global Bore Gauges market can be segmented as:
• Thread measurement
• Spline measurement
• Deep bore measurement
Request for Report Sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23434
Bore Gauges Market: Drivers and Challenges
Primarily, manufacturing and construction industries are driving the global Bore Gauges market. Also, accuracy and simplicity provided by Bore Gauges in terms of the measurement of bore diameter will also drive the global Bore Gauges market in near future. The innovation of wireless electronic Bore Gauges is expected to propel the global Bore Gauges market to greater heights as it will eliminate the need for power outlets. Also, wireless electronic bore gauges can be easily used in spots that are tough to access. Adjustable capacity bore gauges have inter-changeable contacts that heighten their usage practicality in case of broader tolerances. Plug type bore gauges offer better discrimination and repeatability. Plug type bore gauges contain a larger bearing surface that minimizes the general wear and tear. Such beneficial aspects of different bore gauges are driving the global Bore Gauges market.
However, a large part of the measurement process relies on the bore gauges operator. It is very difficult to hold a bore gauge steadily over the true diameter of the hole and, simultaneously, record the reading by pushing the button. The technician handling the bore gauge influences the reading on the bore gauge display. A slight twitch on the technician's part could result in an incorrect reading. Such challenges will restrict the growth of the global Bore Gauges market.
Bore Gauges Market: Regional Overview
Geographically, the Bore Gauges market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China, Japan, Middle East and Africa and SEA and Other APAC. The global Bore Gauges market is expected to grow with healthy annual growth rate during the forecast period. Among all the regions, SEA and Other APAC region is expected to dominate the Bore Gauges market owing the increasing demand for bore measurement equipment in construction, manufacturing and industrial sectors. North America accounts for a significant market share owing to increasing industrialization and commercialization in the region. Also, increasing demand for intelligent tools will drive the Bore Gauges market in the region. Middle East Africa and Latin America are expected to witness average growth in the Bore Gauge Market owing to enhancing economic conditions. Overall, the Bore Gauges market is anticipated to witness a profitable future.
Request for Report TOC: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/23434
Global Bore Gauges Market: Key Players
Examples of some of the key players operating in the global Bore Gauges market are:
• TESA Technology
• Bowers Group
• Marposs S.p.A.
• Mitutoyo Corporation
• Starrett
• Mahr GmbH
• Diatest
• Alpa
• Sunnen Products Company
Accounts of alleged sustained bullying at Hedland Senior High School surfaced on social media last week, with the school saying in response it took bullying complaints seriously.
The fracas started with parents posting a social media page requesting advice about alleged bullying at the school.
One report posted by a parent, which attracted more than 100 comments from other residents in similar situations, said students were being forced to fight their tormentors because of a lack of support.
“My son has been bullied since they started high school here in Hedland, before we came here they loved school and would never miss a day,” the parent posted.
“My boy has been suspended (multiple) times because they have felt he's had no option but to stand up to this group.
“We've been in and out of meetings with staff but ... nothing has been done, this is the tip of the iceberg for my boys and I will welcome anything to resolve this situation.
“I feel the high school has been sugar-coating a lot of this bullying and I feel a lot of the teachers know what's going on.”
Hedland Senior High School acting principal David Taylor said staff at the school took any complaints of bullying or harassment at school seriously and worked with students and their families to address their concerns.
“We provide extensive pastoral care for our students, co-ordinated by the team in our health and wellbeing centre,” they said.
“If a student is experiencing any issues, they are also encouraged to speak to a trusted teacher or seek assistance through their year level teacher, pastoral care co-ordinator or home room teacher.”
The school provides support through a health and wellbeing centre open for students and parents; the Milli Maya program for returning students; RU OK mental health awareness; The Roy Hill Foundation's Ed-Connect mentor program; Healthy Minds counselling; and the Bullying No Way campaign.
Other social media group members suggested drastic action was needed, such as suing for negligence, homeschooling those affected, attending self-defence classes, calling the police, or boycotting the school.
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
A man from Marshall is facing numerous charges for their alleged role in four burglaries that took place over the weekend.
According to the Marshall Police Department, on Tuesday, June 13, officers were patrolling in the vicinity of the downtown area when they spotted a man peering through business windows.
When officers attempted to check on the suspect, the man fled. They were captured after a brief chase and police discovered that the man had a warrant for theft.
The suspect, identified as Lavonta Moore,18, was booked into the Harrison County Jail.
While interviewing with detectives, Moore confessed to burglarizing personal finance on Friday, according to police.
Moore also confessed to burglarizing Blissmoor Valley Ranch, The General Store and Barbie's Formal Wear on Saturday.
Moore is charged with three counts of burglary of a building, one count of criminal mischief, evading arrest, assault on a public servant and a theft charge from a separate case.
Their bond has been set to more than $10,000.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
When their husband's 11-year-old love-child turns up on their doorstep one hot London night, Cat Lupo must decide whether they could ever give the now motherless girl a home.
But as the events behind Ruby Winter's shock arrival start to emerge, Cat fears that their attempts to help this strangely unsettling child have put their own precious daughter at risk.
Award-winning author, journalist and co-founder of the Killer Women writing collective, Mel McGrath sends shivers down the spine in this explosive, high-tension psychological thriller set against the violent and corrosive backdrop of the 2011 London riots.
A dark and disturbing page-turner, Give Me the Child is a stunning yet sensitive exploration of a family in meltdown and a city in crisis, drawing upon the latest research in adult and child mental health to ask uncomfortable but important questions about how much we know about our partners, our children… and ourselves.
Dr Cat Lupo, an expert in child personality disorders, longs for another child. Them daughter Freya, now aged 11, was born through IVF but their arrival was overshadowed because Cat suffered pregnancy psychosis, a ‘wild paranoia' so severe that they had to be put into a special unit in the weeks leading up to the birth.
When their husband Tom's 11-year-old love-child turns up in the middle of the night, Cat is understandably devastated by the shocking discovery that they had a one-night stand while they were in care before Freya's birth.
However, Cat's instincts as child psychologist kick in and, knowing that Ruby is now alone because their mother is dead, they feel sorry for the girl and agrees that they can move in with them for the time being.
But they soon realises that Ruby is not like their own sweet and innocent daughter; Ruby possesses a kind of ‘force field' which makes being close to them unsettling and as the events behind their mother Lilly's death in their south London flat emerge, Cat fears the sinister girl is a threat to Freya's safety.
Cat's research tells them there is no such thing as evil, their history tells them they are paranoid but their instincts tell them another story. And as the police fight to control a sudden outbreak of riots raging across the capital, Cat faces a race against time of their own…
Thrillers featuring dysfunctional families have always had a seductive appeal and McGrath plays on every parent's deepest fears as Cat desperately tries to separate suspicions about their own tendency to paranoia from the very real and shocking possibility that Ruby harbours a genuine malevolence.
There is terror aplenty in the suggestive power of McGrath's narrative as we contemplate the thorny concept of evil and follow Cat's hunt for the truth about Ruby, their mother Lilly, their evasive husband Tom, and dark secrets from the past.
The constant contradiction between Cat's professional knowledge and experience, and their fears and emotional reactions, are superbly depicted as McGrath draws their readers deeper and deeper into the claustrophobic intensity of the unfolding drama and a crumbling marriage.
Juxtaposed against the social unrest that is stalking the streets of London, this emotive and compelling tale of a family facing its own turmoil is a cracking thriller, packed with wisdom and insight, and one that will haunt long after the last page has turned.
(HQ, hardback, £12.99)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- While some of us are still scrambling for last-minute Valentine's Day ideas, some folks have been preparing for this day for a while.
"Valentine's Day is our Super Bowl," said Katie Chaumont, spokesperson for Reunion Tower, one of Dallas' most iconic buildings. "We say love is in the air here at Reunion Tower."
Yep, what says "romance" in the Big D like a trip up Reunion Tower?
"This is the most romantic place in Dallas," Chaumont said, "So you have to bring your sweetheart up to the GeO-Deck this evening to look at the best skyline in the world. And it is romantic - there's some kind of adventure being 470 feet up in the air."
No wonder it's one of the most popular spots in Dallas to pop the question--especially on romantic holidays like this one.
"We do actually have about two proposals a day here," said Chaumont. "Since Friday, we have had a surge in people that are proposing that we knew about, and then there are also ones that we don't know about."
But even if it's not the night for all that, the GeO-Deck has plenty to offer on a date, from the 360 view to virtual tours of the city to the Valentine's-Day-themed drink menu.
"On Valentine's evening, just like any other evening that we're open here at the GeO-Deck, just purchase your tickets downstairs," said Chaumont. "And you get to come up here and enjoy the view."
Or, hey, if you're ballin' on a budget, you can always just check out the Tower from the ground. Tonight, it's featuring a romantic light show you can enjoy for free.
Smiling with missing teeth doesn't have quite the same effect as flashing someone a great toothy smile. That's where dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists come in.
[EDINBURGH, 04/07/2018] – Edinburgh Dental Specialists dentures are a solution for anyone in Edinburgh with missing teeth, but they are most commonly used by older people. The gums and teeth have served their purpose for many years, but this does not mean that older people should have to get used to missing teeth or miss out on the benefits of healthy straight teeth.
Depending on the patient's needs, Edinburgh Dental Specialists can offer partial dentures, or full dentures. Modern technology has enabled Edinburgh Dental Specialists dentures to be more comfortable than before.
Partial dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists fill single or multiple gaps by using a plastic, nylon or metal plate with false teeth attached, whereas full dentures will be fitted to patients missing all of their upper or lower teeth.
For patients to get used to them at the beginning, it's best to wear dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists all day. When they are removed, they should be kept in a moist environment overnight to stop them from changing shape.
It's also important not to neglect the remaining natural teeth, and continue to give them some tender loving care, cleaning them morning and evening, alongside the dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists. This will help minimise the risk of tooth decay and gum disease.
Patients should also avoid certain foods and drinks if possible, such as popcorn, sticky toffee, and caffeine. It's best to find other ways to get a kick of energy. In moderation, tea and coffee are okay, but overtime they can cause the dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists to stain.
To maintain good oral health, and for dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists to do their job, they require a bit more cleaning than natural teeth cleaning. Dentures from Edinburgh Dental Specialists must be brushed with toothpaste or soap and water to remove any bits of food that may have got lodged in the artificial teeth.
Edinburgh Dental Specialists can give details on how to look after the dentures, as well as check that everything is going smoothly, at the patient's follow-up check-ups.
Visit http://www.edinburghdentist.com/ to learn more.
Good morning folks.
Stay tuned as we provide you with all the latest news from across Bath in our daily rolling news blog.
We'll be keeping an eye on all the latest traffic, travel, sport and weather information for Bath and the surrounding area.
Whether it is a traffic alert, the latest crime case or the best Bath Rugby news, we'll bring it straight to you right here.
We will also drop in news from the wider world if we think it's something you'll be interested in.
If you've seen something going on, please let us know by calling the newsdesk on 01225 322217 or tweet us @BathChron
Pierceville future to be decided
Owner wants to demolish house
By Ryan Kushner
Staff writer
The historic but deteriorating Pierceville manor house and outbuildings, some of the oldest buildings in the town of Smithfield, have inched closer to possible demolition by their owner.
Mary Delk Crocker filed an application to tear down their circa-1730s manor house and its outbuildings located on the Pierceville Farm, which are considered “landmark historic structures” in the town. Them application will go before the Board of Historic and Architectural Review (BHAR) for consideration with a public hearing Tuesday, Feb. 21 at 6:30 p.m.
May 1 Maple Leaf Green World Inc
* Maple leaf announces upsize to private placement financing and conditional approval from the TSX Venture Exchange
* Maple Leaf Green World Inc - company has increased its previously announced private placement to an offering of 13. 2 million units of company a price of $0.55 per unit
* Intends to use net proceeds from offering to advance Telkwa facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Marchex, a leading mobile advertising analytics company, announced this week at SMX Advanced, that it has extended the power of search to all companies with the availability of Marchex Search Essentials — “a new version of its leading Search Analytics product.”
While previously targeted for enterprise-level companies with large marketing budgets, Marchex Search Essentials can now enable companies of all sizes to maximize their spend and increase ROI on paid search campaigns.
“In today's digital age, it's critical for companies to be able to track and measure paid search efforts, regardless of their size, industry or budget. Our company is committed to extending data-driven insights to all marketers,” said Guy Weismantel, Executive Vice President, Marketing, at Marchex. “Removing the barrier to entry allows us to provide a scalable option for smaller companies that want to participate in and benefit from this space as well. All while still maintaining our commitment to provide enterprise solutions for customers on the other end of the spectrum.”
The company tells us that Marchex Search Essentials help eliminate a major blind spot for marketers by attributing every inbound phone call to a paid search keyword.
As a result, marketers have the insights they need to make real-time adjustments to drive stronger, more efficient performance for their paid search campaigns.
To learn more, check out Marchex online here.
People attend a protest against a festival ''Mirdita-Dobar Dan'' organized by liberal groups from Serbia and Kosovo in Belgrade, Serbia, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Serbian police have prevented dozens of far-right supporters from disrupting an event designed to boost reconciliation with the former province of Kosovo whose declaration of independence Belgrade does not recognize. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)
People attend a protest against a festival ''Mirdita-Dobar Dan'' organized by liberal groups from Serbia and Kosovo in Belgrade, Serbia, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Serbian police have prevented dozens of far-right supporters from disrupting an event designed to boost reconciliation with the former province of Kosovo whose declaration of independence Belgrade does not recognize. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)
BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) - Serbian police have prevented dozens of far-right supporters from disrupting an event designed to boost dialogue with the former province of Kosovo whose declaration of independence Belgrade does not recognize.
Police cordons blocked several streets in central Belgrade on Wednesday as members of the Serbian Radical Party rallied against the opening of the "Mirdita-Dobar Dan" festival. Party leader Vojislav Seselj, who was convicted of war crimes by a U.N. court, says the festival is a "shame" for Serbia.
The event is organized by liberal youth groups from Serbia and Kosovo to promote cultural exchange between the former war foes. It features films, exhibitions and debates.
Serbia and Kosovo must normalize relations to advance toward membership in the European Union. Kosovo declared independence in 2008 following the 1998-99 conflict.
BEER SEERS Corona Unfamiliar 11 diggs Booze
My friends and I have wondered for years if there's any difference at all between the different kinds of Corona. I decided to get to the bottom of it.
(ASSOCIATED PRESS) A Russian pilot who ejected from their fighter jet after it was shot down in northwestern Syria on Saturday was killed by militants after they landed alive on the ground and resisted capture by an Al Qaeda-linked group, Syrian monitors and a Syrian militant said.
Moscow did not confirm the downing of its plane or the killing of a pilot in Syria. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Russian pilot was dead but had no further details.
A Syrian militant in the area told the Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when they resisted capture by opening fire from their pistol on the militants who tried to capture him. The militant refused to be identified by their real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows the lifeless body of a man, their face stained with blood, as bearded gunmen stand around him. One of the armed men shouts: “He is Russian.” The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed, but it corresponded to events reported by the AP.
According to the Observatory, the plane was downed on Saturday afternoon in the rebel-held Idlib province, near the rebel-held town of Saraqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of their forces since 2015. Since then, Syrian government forces have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been marching in the rebel-held northwestern province of Idlib. The province is also a base for Al Qaeda's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups.
The opposition's Aleppo Media Center said the plane was a Russian-made SU25 but did not say whether it was Russian.
Earlier in the day, the Observatory and the media arm of Al Qaeda-linked militants reported intense airstrikes on the rebel-held stronghold.
The Observatory reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the Al Qaeda-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and Tel Mardeekh village in Idlib since the early hours of Saturday.
Syria's state news agency, SANA, said Syrian troops captured the village of Maasaran as well as the Tel Tokan hill, cutting links between Saraqeb and the rebel-stronghold of Maarest al-Numan to the south.
In recent weeks, Syrian government forces and their allies pushed into Idlib, an opposition stronghold, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
The violence in Idlib came as fighting raged between Turkish troops and Turkey-backed opposition gunmen with Syrian Kurdish fighters in the northern Syrian enclave of Afrin.
The Turkish military said two of its soldiers were killed in Syria and a third was killed on the Turkish side of the border in an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The military said Saturday's deaths were related to Turkey's operation against the Syrian Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin, code-named Olive Branch. One of the soldiers was killed when a Turkish tank was hit in Afrin.
A total of eight Turkish soldiers and at least 24 allied Syrian opposition fighters have died in Ankara's offensive, which started Jan. 20.
The Turkish operation aims to clear Afrin of the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which Turkey considers to be a terrorist group and an extension of the Kurdish insurgency within its borders.
Turkish presidential spokesperson said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of a Syrian Kurdish militia “anywhere” along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand its military operation underway in the Syrian enclave of Afrin eastward.
The spokesperson, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Saturday that Turkey's first demand is to see the Syrian Kurdish militia move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed.
Turkey considers the YPG a “terrorist group” and an extension of Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
Kalin called on the United States to “disengage” from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with “our American allies to avoid any confrontation.”
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
Bryson DeChambeau reacts after making a putt on the 18th green during the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)
Bryson DeChambeau reacts after making a putt on the 18th green during the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - The connection Rory McIlroy had with Arnold Palmer was strong even before they delivered a Sunday charge that would have made the King proud.
McIlroy first played the Arnold Palmer Invitational three years ago, and Palmer teared up at dinner when they asked McIlroy if there was anything they needed and received this reply: "Mr. Palmer, thanks to you, I have everything I could ever need in my life."
McIlroy's last victory was at the Tour Championship on Sept. 25, 2016, the day Palmer died.
Sunday was special for so many reasons.
Tiger Woods brought Bay Hill to life when they pulled within one shot of the lead, only for McIlroy to respond to the endless cheers and chants for Woods by running off five birdies over the last six holes to pull away. McIlroy closed with a 64, just like the last time they won. And they ended their longest drought in eight years by winning on the course and tournament that Palmer built.
The only thing missing was having the King around to celebrate.
"I wish they would have been at the top of the hill to shake my hand when I came off the 18th green there," McIlroy said. "But hopefully, he's proud of me with the way I played that back nine. I tried to be as aggressive as I could and tried to take on shots when I needed to, just like they would have. So yeah, it's come full circle since that day in September in 2016, and just proud to be sitting up here and have my name on that trophy."
It really was the perfect ending.
Bay Hill was rocking all afternoon, mostly for that red shirt. Woods, who started the final round five shot behind, made three birdies in a four-hole stretch to start the back nine and was within shot of the lead as everyone behind them on the course appeared to stall.
One shot changed everything.
Woods couldn't commit to a swing with their driver on the par-5 16th hole and sent it far and left - way left - over a fence and out-of-bounds, sending them to a bogey when they couldn't afford anything less than birdie.
They finished bogey-bogey-par for a 3-under 69 and tumbled down the leaderboard into a tie for fifth.
That's about when McIlroy pulled away.
The charge was vintage Palmer - birdie putts on the 13th and 14th, a chip-in from 40 feet on the 15th, a 375-yard drive on the 16th that left them a sand wedge into the par 5 for a two-putt birdie.
The final putt was vintage Woods.
McIlroy faced one last challenge from Bryson DeChambeau, who had closed to within one shot with an eagle on the 16th hole. McIlroy saw the score posted on the leaderboard to the right of the 18th fairway, and they answered with a 7-iron over the water on the 18th to about 25 feet above the hole.
It was the type of putt the gallery has seen Woods make to win in 2001, 2008 and 2009.
McIlroy buried it , raised both arms in the air and turned to slam their fist as the grandstands erupted with cheers.
"I've seen Tiger make that enough times to know what it does," McIlroy said. "So I just wanted to try and emulate that. ... Just to be able to create my own little bit of history on the 18th green here is pretty special."
That gave them a two-shot lead, and they were a winner for the 22nd time worldwide when DeChambeau failed to hole out from the fairway for eagle. DeChambeau made bogey from the bunker on the 18th for a 68 and finished alone in second.
Justin Rose lingered all day but was never a threat over the final hour, instead watching McIlroy put on a stunning charge.
"Rory played incredible golf and it was fun - great to see world class players do that," Rose said after a 67. "It's not great to see them make putts because they were making them against me. But when they are making putts, he's incredibly hard to beat. So it was fun to watch them play."
Stenson lost a third chance in four years to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational. They led by as many as two shots on the front nine before the putts stopped falling. Two shots behind playing the 16th, Stenson three-putted for par and bogeyed the final hole for a 71. They finished fourth.
Woods tied for fifth with Ryan Moore (71), and now heads to the Masters with plenty of momentum - just not a victory.
They finished one shot behind last week at Innisbrook. They were one-shot behind with three holes to play at Bay Hill, though it would have needed more than just a few birdies the way McIlroy played.
Their next stop is the Masters, where Woods will be a favorite to win their fifth green jacket. And to think that just over six months ago, Woods hadn't been cleared by their doctors to hit balls after fusion surgery on their lower back, their fourth back surgery dating to the spring of 2014.
"If you had asked me at the beginning of the year that I would have had a chance to win two golf tournaments, I would have taken that in a heartbeat," they said.
McIlroy was relieved for other reasons. They went through an injury-plagued 2017 and failed to win anywhere in the world. They were coming off a missed cut a week ago in the Valspar Championship. And now he's a winner again, with the Masters looming.
McIlroy needs only a green jacket to complete the career Grand Slam.
"I kept saying I didn't need a win going into Augusta to feel like I had a chance," McIlroy said. "I just wanted to see signs of good golf. And thankfully, I've been able to get both today."
They ended the night wearing the red sweater that goes to the winner, and raised a glass of Ketel One vodka - Palmer's favorite - to toast the King.
McIlroy took a swig and said, "Wooo! Strong."
Just like their finish.
The Wall Street Journal just published an incendiary article that says hackers working for the Russian government stole confidential material from an National Security Agency contractor's home computer. The hackers did so, according to the WSJ, after identifying files though the contractor's use of antivirus software from Moscow-based Kaspersky Lab.
The report may well be true, but, for now, there's no way to independently confirm it. The report is based on unnamed people the publication says had knowledge of the matter, and it provides no evidence to support its claim. What's more, the lack of detail leaves open the possibility that, even if Kaspersky's AV did help Russia home in on the highly sensitive code and documents, the disclosure was the inadvertent result of a software bug, and no one from Kaspersky Lab cooperated with the attackers in any way. Also lost in the focus on Kaspersky Lab is the startling revelation that yet another NSA insider managed to sneak classified material outside of the NSA's network and put it on an unsecured computer. More of this analysis will follow.
First, here's a summary of what the WSJ reported.
The unnamed contractor removed the material from the NSA and stored it on a home computer that ran a version of Kaspersky AV. The material, according to the unnamed sources, included "details about how the NSA penetrates foreign computer networks, the computer code it uses for such spying, and how it defends networks inside the US." Sometime in 2015, the material was stolen by Russia-sponsored hackers who "appear to have targeted the contractor after identifying the files through the contractor's use" of the Kaspersky AV. The breach was discovered in the first three months of 2016.
The post continued:
US investigators believe the contractor's use of the software alerted Russian hackers to the presence of files that may have been taken from the NSA, according to people with knowledge of the investigation. Experts said the software, in searching for malicious code, may have found samples of it in the data the contractor removed from the NSA. But how the antivirus system made that determination is unclear, such as whether Kaspersky technicians programed the software to look for specific parameters that indicated NSA material. Also unclear is whether Kaspersky employees alerted the Russian government to the finding. Investigators did determine that, armed with the knowledge that Kaspersky's software provided of what files were suspected on the contractor's computer, hackers working for Russia homed in on the machine and obtained a large amount of information, according to the people familiar with the matter.
Russian Proxy
The report comes as concerns mount inside the US about Russian hacking in general and more specifically about whether Kaspersky Lab has ever, or might in the future, play a role in supporting such hacks. Rumors have swirled for years that, because of Kaspersky Labs' nationality and the early training founder Eugene Kaspersky received from the Russian government, the company was a Russian proxy that provided, or at least could provide when asked, that country's government with assistance in breaking into the computers of Russian adversaries.
As early as August, according to Cyber Scoop, the FBI quietly briefed private-sector companies on the threat it believed Kaspersky products and services posed. In early September, electronics retailer Best Buy stopped selling Kaspersky software and offered free removals and credits toward competing packages. Last month, the suspicions reached a new high when the US Department of Homeland Security took the unprecedented step of directing all US agencies to stop using Kaspersky products and services.
The US government has never provided hard evidence for the private briefings or the DHS directive. Dave Aitel, a former NSA hacker who is now CEO of penetration-testing firm Immunity, said the allegations aired on Thursday's WSJ post are a plausible explanation.
"That's exactly the kind of behavior that would cause the US government to do what they're doing," they told Ars. "There's only one really big thing, which are they think [Kaspersky] is operating as an agent for a foreign government, most likely wittingly."
Not so fast
The counterargument to what Aitel and plenty of people in security and national security circles are saying is that the extraordinary allegations are based solely on anonymous sources and aren't backed up with any hard evidence. What's more, the anonymous sources never say that anyone from Kaspersky Lab aided or cooperated with the hackers. The latter point leaves open the possibility that the hole left open by Kaspersky AV was unintentional by its developers and was exploited by Russian hackers without any help from the company.
In September 2015, Google Project Zero researcher Tavis Ormandy said their cursory examination of Kaspersky AV exposed multiple vulnerabilities that made it possible for attackers to remotely execute malicious code on computers that ran the software. If the hackers had knowledge the NSA contractor was using the Kaspersky AV, it's at least feasible they exploited those vulnerabilities or similar ones to identify the sensitive materials and possibly also steal them.
Kaspersky has since patched the vulnerabilities. Over the years, Ormandy has discovered equally severe code-execution vulnerabilities in AV software from a host of Kaspersky competitors.
The WSJ article tacitly suggests this alternate theory is not the case. It cites a former NSA hacker speculating that the names and fingerprints of the sensitive files were indexed in a scan performed by the Kaspersky software and then uploaded to the company's cloud environment so they can be compared against a master list of known malware. "You're basically surrendering your right to privacy by using Kaspersky software," the former NSA employee, Blake Darché, told the publication.
The unspoken implication is that, once the Kaspersky service indexed the NSA material, company officials privately notified Russian spies so they could target the contractor's computer. But a possible answer is that the Kaspersky network was compromised, allowing the attackers responsible to pin point the location of the files on the contractor's computer. After all, Kaspersky Lab has already disclosed that from mid 2014 to the first quarter of 2015, its network was compromised by highly sophisticated malware that has the hallmarks of nation-sponsored attackers. Aitel of Immunity, however, continued to agree with the theory Kaspersky knowingly aided Russia, although they admitted that at this point there's no public proof it's correct.
"It's not something where someone exploited Kaspersky software," they said. "If that's what it was, it wouldn't be in The Wall Street Journal." Referring to the term for tapping phone and Internet connections for information of interest, they added: "I don't think it was signals intelligence by the Russian government. They clearly got it from a Kaspersky machine. That seems a lot more likely."
Remember Equation Group?
Further Reading How “omnipotent” hackers tied to NSA hid for 14 years—and were found at last The theory is made more plausible by the fact that, by 2015, Kaspersky Lab had detailed knowledge of some of the NSA's most elite hacking tools and methods. Company researchers had acquired this knowledge after doing exhaustive research into a group it dubbed the Equation Group. As Ars reported in February of that year, the hacking team was clearly tied to the NSA—if not a part of it—by its advanced access to zero-day exploits that would later be used in the Stuxnet worm that reportedly was developed jointly by the NSA and its counterparts in Israel.
In an e-mailed statement, Kaspersky officials wrote:
Kaspersky Lab has not been provided any evidence substantiating the company's involvement in the alleged incident reported by the Wall Street Journal on October 5, 2017, and it is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continue to perpetuate accusations about the company. As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight. We make no apologies for being aggressive in the battle against malware and cybercriminals. The company actively detects and mitigates malware infections, regardless of the source, and we have been proudly doing so for 20 years, which has led to continuous top ratings in independent malware detection tests. It's also important to note that Kaspersky Lab products adhere to the cybersecurity industry's strict standards and have similar levels of access and privileges to the systems they protect as any other popular security vendor in the US and around the world.
The takeaway is that, as the Kaspersky Lab statement notes, the WSJ's explosive allegations aren't substantiated with any evidence and, further, they're based on anonymous sources. That means, at the moment, there's no way journalists can independently verify the claims. What's more, the article as written leaves open the possibility that the role Kaspersky AV played in the breach was caused by the same sort of critical vulnerability found in virtually all AV software.
That said, if the allegations are true, they're sure to fuel the already growing concern of Russian hacking, which US intelligence agencies say has attempted to influence the US presidential election and widen political and cultural divides on social media. Additionally, if the allegations prove true, it's almost certainly the end of Kaspersky Lab as it has come to be known over the past decade.
Not again!
What shouldn't go overlooked in Thursday's report is that this is the third known instance in the past four years of an NSA breach resulting from insider access to classified materials. The best known case is whistleblower Edward Snowden, who was able to trawl through NSA networks collecting documents for an extended period of time before turning them over to reporters. In 2016, a separate NSA contractor, Harold T. Martin III, was arrested after they sneaked 50 terabytes of confidential material out of the NSA and stored it at their home in Glen Burnie, Maryland. The trove comprises as much as 75 percent of the exploits belonging to the Tailored Access Operations, the elite hacking NSA unit that develops and deploys some of the world's most sophisticated software exploits.
Further Reading NSA-leaking Shadow Brokers just dumped its most damaging release yet In May, The New York Times reported that an NSA employee was arrested in 2015 on insider leak suspicions but was never identified. It's not immediately clear if this insider is different from the one mentioned in Thursday's WSJ article. In a report published after Ars went live with this post, The Washington Post said the person who took the NSA material and stored it on their home computer was an NSA employee who worked for the Tailored Access Operations and was in the process of developing tools to replace those considered compromised by the Snowden leaks. The Washington Post went on to say the insider was the same one who came under suspicion in 2015
Adding further urgency is the series of highly damaging leaks made over the past 14 months by a mysterious group calling itself the Shadow Brokers. The trove has included some of the NSA's most potent software exploits and documents detailing past attacks. Whether the leaked Shadow Brokers material was the result of an insider theft or a hack by outsiders remains unknown.
Thursday's report means that yet another trusted insider was able to sneak documents and code outside of the NSA and not only store them on an Internet-connected computer but also one that was running AV software. Whatever role Kaspersky Lab played in the hack, the series of breathtaking security blunders made by the NSA and its workers should remain front and center in this reporting.
Post updated to add Washington Post reporting.
April 24 (UPI) -- At least 16 people were killed in an attack allegedly carried out by cattle herders Tuesday on a Catholic church in Nigeria, local officials said.
Gunmen opened fire and killed at least 14 parishioners and two priests in the Mbalom area of Benue state -- part of the so-called Middle Belt region, which played a pivotal part in Nigeria's elections.
The area also is a hotbed for violent clashes between mostly Muslim Fulani herdsmen and mostly Christian farmers.
President Muhammadu Buhari, whose All Progressives Congress won the 2015 general elections thanks to support from the region, said the attack was "clearly calculated to stoke up religious conflict and plunge our communities into endless bloodletting."
The Benue Valley Professional Network called for an end to the clashes which have resulted in the deaths of dozens of people this year.
"We call on all humane persons and groups around the world to come to the aid of our farming and worship communities and end these terror attacks across Nigeria and especially in Benue, our food basket, which also threatens our collective food security," the group said.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TWO cancer survivors from the Macclesfield area are set to take part in a fashion show to raise money for a centre which helped them.
Megan Smith, from Bollington, and Lucy Eardley, from Rainow, are showing their gratitude for Maggie's Cancer Centre by modelling in the ‘Maggie's On The Runway' event.
The centre, based in Manchester, gives cancer patients and their friends and family access to support, groups or respite from their treatments.
Meg Smith, who is the youngest model to take part, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in April 2017 after discovering a lump on their neck a few months earlier.
The 22-year-old said: “For me, visiting Maggie's was one of the most positive experiences of my whole ‘cancer journey'.
“I found it to be a haven for me and my family and I would go to the centre before every treatment.
“I was very lucky that Hodgkin's usually responds well to treatment and the chemo drugs did their job so I finished treatment and rang the bell on the September 4, 2017.
“I am really looking forward to getting on the runway alongside the other amazing models and celebrating where I am now.
“If the past year has taught me anything, it's that life is unpredictable and I want to make the most of every opportunity that comes my way.”
Lucy, 37, and their mother, Angela Bucknell, were each diagnosed with cancer within a month of each other in 2016.
The mum-of-two, who is married to Rob, said: “I was diagnosed with breast cancer after no family history at all.
“My lovely mum was diagnosed with breast cancer only weeks later.
“I finished active treatment just under a year ago and I'm doing well, but that's not to say it has been easy.
“I absolutely love Maggie's, they have been there for me and my loved ones at a difficult time.
“I'm doing the fashion show for me and my mum.
“I'm going to strut my stuff with twice as much va va vroom to pay tribute to my mum and to all the other women living with breast cancer.”
The fundraising event will take place on Saturday, June 16, at the Runway Visitor Park's Concorde Conference Centre at Manchester Airport.
It features more than 50 models who are receiving cancer treatment or have had cancer in the past.
The last event raised £175,000 for Maggies.
NEW YORK, NY (WKBW) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon says she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement Monday sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate says "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
Nixon is a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three and an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
The Kansas City Chiefs are back to working towards another playoff berth.
Phase one of the Chiefs off-season workout schedule has started. Phase one entails voluntary workouts and a little instruction in the classroom. No physical drills can be involved right now with coaches and players, just weightlifting workouts.
Head Coach Andy Reid spoke to the media on Monday to discuss injury news on the players who had off-season surgery, they also spoke about the state of the team, what the status is on several positions and a little bit on the draft coming up next week.
January 2, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
MONTREAL—TFI International Inc. has purchased Brampton, Ont.-based transportation and logistics company National Fast Freight for an undisclosed price.
NFF is currently a subsidiary of Calyx Transportation Group Inc. and offers less-than-load, or LTL, intermodal services across Canada.
TFI, which was known as TransForce until it re-branded last month, said it will keep the Toronto-area company's current management in place and intends to allow NFF to operate as an independent business unit.
“The acquisition of National Fast Freight is a strategic step which builds upon our existing foundation in the intermodal segment,” Alain Bédard, the company's chairperson, president and CEO, said in a statement.
The deal follows TFI's US$558 million acquisition of Con-Way Truckload last fall—an agreement Bédard said made it a “somebody.”
The company officially changed its name in December TFI, saying the switch reflects its evolving geographic footprint—particularly its expansion in the U.S. and Mexico.
"We are such a highly integrated industry, I think numbers of this nature would be highly problematic ... and it would really tend to undermine our competitiveness as an industry within North America, let alone Canada," said Mark Nantais, president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers Association.
Matt Blunt, president of the American Automotive Policy Council and former Missouri governor, echoed that concern.
"We share the goals of the (Trump) administration to strengthen the U.S. manufacturing sector, grow the U.S. economy and American jobs," they said in an email statement to The Canadian Press.
"We, however, are concerned the approach they are taking would be counterproductive to achieving those shared goals, including significant changes to rules of origin that would be harmful to the short and long-term competitiveness of the North American auto industry."
Unifor president Jerry Dias, whose union represents Canadian autoworkers, said they sympathize with what the U.S. is trying to do: stop the exodus of manufacturing jobs, particularly in the auto industry, to low-wage Mexico.
But they said imposing stringent North American and American content requirements, without simultaneously raising the 2.5 per cent tariff on vehicles imported to the U.S. outside NAFTA, would backfire. They predicted automakers would forgo their duty-free status under NAFTA, move their operations to Mexico and pay the tariff.
"Ultimately, unless they deal with the 2.5 per cent tariff, it's all worthless."
As for a specific American content requirement, Dias said that simply "won't fly."
"For the U.S. to think that Canada is somehow just going to be bullied and is going to roll over and not protect their key industries while the U.S. is trying to do the same makes no sense," they said, noting that autos remain Canada's top export.
The protectionist line on auto rules of origin comes after the U.S. tabled an equally unpalatable proposal on government procurement at the third round of negotiations last week in Ottawa. The U.S. is looking to severely restrict the ability of Canadian and Mexican companies to win contracts on government-funded infrastructure projects in the U.S.
The mood among stakeholders during the third round was glum but Dan Ujczo, an Ohio-based trade lawyer with clients in both Canada and the U.S., said it's about 10 times worse now, with most expecting the talks to end in failure.
While the political leaders still talk about creating a "win-win-win" for all three countries, Ujczo said the only 'Ws' on stakeholders' minds during the fourth round will be "who will withdraw" and "when will withdrawal" occur.
A senior Canadian government official, not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said Canadian negotiators will keep meeting and talking, even if it means repeatedly rejecting hardline American proposals.
Adam Austen, a spokesperson for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, declined to comment on the auto content requirement issue because an American proposal has still not been put on the table.
"We will continue to work for a good deal, but not just any deal. We will continue to make clear, reasoned arguments based in fact."
By Joan Bryden, The Canadian Press
"I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron," they said. "But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state.  They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me."
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
"Don't hit send," they said. "Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it."
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say," Jackson said. "I don't think they meant any harm. I think they have a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But they found out that, 'Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
"Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team," they said.
"I thought it was tremendous. I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
It's T minus two weeks till a teacher walkout, unless they get the $10,000 raises they are demanding.
It's T minus two weeks till a teacher walkout, unless they get the $10,000 raises they are demanding.
Talks continue Monday among legislative leaders, but we aren't seeing any real progress toward a solution.
Read Related Story: Capitol Week In Review – Deadline For Lawmakers, Looming Teacher Walkout
Millwood High School Math Teacher Allen Lehman and their daughter Gwen walk the quiet halls of the Capitol. They had hoped to lobby legislators for a teacher pay raise, but a lot of lawmakers are taking the week off for spring break, despite a planned teacher walkout two just weeks from Monday, March 19.
“Just reflective of their lack of a sense of urgency all of us see coming from this building,” said Lehman.
House leaders met with members of Professional Oklahoma Educators Monday, a group that suggested a six-tiered plan presented last week that did not include a funding plan. POE said meetings with lawmakers are going well.
Read Related Story: House Reveals Teacher Pay Plan With No Way To Fund It
“They like it,” said Ginger Tinney with Professional Oklahoma Educators. “They're talking about it in their caucuses. They see this as a real possible solution. They have said the other plans, they're not gonna [sic] work.”
But Senate leadership doesn't seem to agree.
“Me personally, I'm enthusiastic about delivering on a real solution that's funded,” said Majority Floor Leader Senator Greg Treat (R).
That, Treat said, is the plan that failed in the Senate last week by just two votes. It would raise taxes on cigarettes, motor fuel and the gross production tax.
Read Related Story: Bill For Teacher Pay Raises Fails After Not Receiving Enough Votes On Revenue
Senate leaders plan to resurrect it once it has the votes to pass. House democrats have said they don't back the plan.
The House and Senate have worked on some tax reform packages.
“The Senate passed the capital gains tax exemption that came over to the House. The House has passed the itemized deduction that's come over title on. There's a path this week to get a significant teacher pay raise,” said Representative Jon Echols (R) Majority Floor Leader.
But at best, that would just raise enough for $3,000 raises.
Lehman and their daughter left the Capitol discouraged.
“They can prevent this,” said Lehman. “They can get there if they want to. They just need to have the will.”
House leaders say they hope to have some kind of plan in the next two weeks, but they are shooting more for $5,000 raises than the $10,000 teachers are demanding.
ALEA Bridge will be hosting its second annual Jamathon Fitness Fest at the Aloha Stadium field on June 17, 2017 from 3pm – 7pm. The Jamathon is a fun and fit way to raise funds and fight homelessness in Hawaii, and is the latest of our community outreach events to increase awareness and community support for our organization's mission. All proceeds will be used to provide direct client services to benefit the houseless and at-risk population of Central Oahu, North Shore and neighboring areas.
There will be various instructors leading workouts from all around the island specializing in Zumba, U-Jam, Pound, Body Blast, Cardio Blast, and CrossFit. We will also have the UFC Gym and the Leeward YMCA onsite, along with speed, agility, and football clinics for youth and high school students. Health vendors and concessions will be present to complement this high-energy fitness fest. Ticket prices are $15 for general admission and $10 for students (K-12), with discounts for early bird, online registrations…up to 20% off! Keiki under 5 are FREE with general admission. Our target is 500-600 participants. We encourage you and your organization to participate in this event to promote health, wellness and team building! Monetary or in-kind donations for the event are also welcome.
ALEA Bridge is a non-profit agency that was established in January 2016 as a direct response to the expressed concerns of the residents of Central Oahu and the North Shore regarding the growing homelessness issues impacting these neighborhoods. ALEA Bridge is committed to community outreach and connecting those in need with the resources necessary to rebuild a life of Hope, Purpose, and Success. Through comprehensive and collaborative solutions, the organization works together with its partners in the community to Break the Cycle, and Reverse the Trend of homelessness.
For more information or tickets visit www.aleabridge.org, call (808) 492-2214 or email jacosta@aleabridge.org
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) - After Afrin victory, Turkey's president vows to expand military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria, Iraq.
AWARD-winning artist Don Milner is coming up from Queensland to teach a series of Top End painting workshops.
Mr Milner will be showing students how to get the most out of the acrylic medium and will be offering live demonstrations of their techniques.
Mr Milner has had an extensive career as an artist and over 25 years of experience as a painting tutor, with their popular seascapes often selling for thousands of dollars.
There will a two-day workshop this Saturday and Sunday at the Darwin Visual Arts Association at 56 Woods St from 8.30am till 4pm, at which participants will learn how to use and apply colour to acrylic paintings.
Next weekend Mr Milner will run an additional two workshops, at which they will teach students their techniques in using a palette knife to paint waves.
Both the weekend workshop series are $200 for DVAA members and $240 for members of the public. Places are limited to 12 people.
On Tuesday, Mr Milner will be doing a live session, where they will put their techniques into practice as they complete a painting in front of an audience.
Tickets to this session at DVAA are $7.50 for members and $10 for non-members. Nibbles will be provided and wine, beer and soft drinks will be available for purchase.
Once the demonstration has concluded, Mr Milner will donate the painting for DVAA to auction on the night. Attendees and participants will be able to bid on the work of art as a part of a fundraiser for the community arts group.
A bar will be open from 7.30pm for auction participants with the auction starting at 7.45pm. Entry to the auction is free.
For more information on bookings and to secure a place, email info@dvaa.net.au or phone 08 8981 9351.
There are a lot of predictions about what the new Prince will be called with 'Arthur' the bookmakers favourite
Lexi Thompson reacts after missing a putt on the fourth hole during the first round of the LPGA Tour's Kingsmill Championship golf tournament Thursday, May 17, 2018, in Williamsburg, Va. (Jonathon Gruenke/The Daily Press via AP)
Lexi Thompson reacts after missing a putt on the fourth hole during the first round of the LPGA Tour's Kingsmill Championship golf tournament Thursday, May 17, 2018, in Williamsburg, Va. (Jonathon Gruenke/The Daily Press via AP)
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Inbee Park's 12th U.S. Women's Open already stands out for a gloomy reason: the rain-soaked course at Shoal Creek.
The picturesque course in suburban Birmingham had been drenched by nearly five inches of rain this week as of Wednesday afternoon, with the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto adding onto earlier rains.
"This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women's Open," said Park, a Korean who won in 2008 and 2013. "We just don't know what's going to happen.
"Coming into the U.S. Women's Open, I always try to play the ball with the mud or try to play with like a wet ground condition because we've never played lift, clean and place. We just play from wherever it is and however the condition is."
Practice rounds were canceled Tuesday and the course closed, other than some late-afternoon trips to the driving range. More rain followed overnight and into Wednesday on the eve of the major championship , when the course finally reopened by early afternoon in time for some of the 156 players to get in practice.
The field will be cut to the low 60 scorers and ties after two rounds.
John Bodenhamer, USGA's senior managing director, said officials didn't plan to use lift, clean and place for the first time in one of the organization's championships.
"It remains our intention to play 72 holes and play the ball as it lies," Bodenhamer said Wednesday.
The LPGA Tour's Kingsmill Championship two weeks ago was shortened to 54 holes because of rain. The field, which includes 10 past Open champions, arrived in Alabama hoping to avoid a similar fate.
Pernilla Lindberg won the year's first major at the ANA Inspiration, the 11th consecutive women's major with a different winner.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, they were hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," they said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in their 23rd consecutive Women's Open. They got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of canceled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and their scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave them a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
The Land Transportation Office says consultations were made for the estimated costing for license plates and sticker production
Published 1:58 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Land Transportation Office (LTO) on Tuesday, December 12, refuted claims on alleged rigging of bids for the production of license plates and adio frequency identification (RFID) stickers.
LTO Executive Director Romeo Vera Cruz and property custodian Roberto Se appeared Tuesday before the House joint committee on transportation and good government and public accountability to discuss the alleged anomalies in the procurement of license plates.
The LTO announced on December 1 that Filipino-German company Trojan Computer Forms Manufacturing Corporation and J.H. Tonnjes E.A.S.T. GmbH & Co. KG Joint Venture will make its initial delivery of vehicle license plates starting March 2018 after it bagged the P978.8-million deal with the agency.
However, representatives questioned the selection process for the winning bidder for the production of license plates, saying that the variance of the bid and the approved budget for the contract (ABC) is "too small" at 2%.
Rep Johnny Pimentel, chair of the House committee on good government and public accountability, biddings usually have a variance of about 15%, citing infrastructure projects.
Se explained that the costing was based from their previous contract and consultations from the suppliers who joined the bidding, hence the small variance between the winning bidder.
The losing bidder was joint venture EHA Hoffman Intl GmbH with Madras Security Printers and iPay Commerce Enterprise at P980 million, while the joint venture of Utsch AG and Holy Family Printing Corp was disqualified due to lack of certification from the Philippine Government Electronic Procurement System (PhilGEPS).
Vera Cruz cleared the claims of a rigged bidding as alleged by lawyer Leo Romero. Romero is a counsel of the disqualified bidder, they claimed.
"It's unfounded. Because there were 3 who participated. Has there been [rigging], as alleged by Atty Romero, then only one would have submitted the bid on September 30," they said.
Vera Cruz also refuted Romero's claim that the bidding was unconstitutional, saying that there was no approved budget for the project.
Loremee Pereda, Supervising Budget and Management specialist for the Department of Budget and Management, said that P1 billion was realloacted from the budget of the Department of Transportation under the 2017 General Appropriations Act for the project.
Resolve issues
Vera Cruz said that 3 million vehicles purchased from July 2016 to December 2017 will receive their license plates by next year. Backlog on vehicle license plates hit 8 million since 2014, according to LTO.
The LTO also procured machinery worth P75 million to help fast-track the production.
Vera Cruz also asked the Supreme Court (SC) and the Commission on Audit (COA) to resolve the issues on the prior license plate contract so the rest of the 5 million backlogs can be resolved.
On December 7, LTO chief Edgar Galvante said they will only resign if Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade or President Rodrigo Duterte asked them to after calls by House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez's for resignation over the delayed release of license plates.
Galvante was not present during the hearing citing health reasons.
LTO traced the delay back in 2013, when when plates for 2014 to 2018 were questioned before the courts and the COA which held their release. (READ: Car owners to LTO: Watch dealers, fix license plate release)
In June 2016, the LTO said the Supreme Court issued a temporary restraining order preventing them from releasing 700,000 license plates turned over by the Bureau of Customs.– Rappler.com
Prestige Catering staff serve guests at the Rockingham Kwinana Chamber of Commerce on Saturday. Photo: Kingsley Klau
Prestige Catering staff serve guests at the Rockingham Kwinana Chamber of Commerce on Saturday. Photo: Kingsley Klau Picture: Picture: Kingsley Klau
Rockingham's beautiful beach, fine dining and hospitality was on show on Saturday, as 500 guests attended the Rockingham Kwinana Chamber of Commerce Long Table lunch.
The event, in its fourth year, was again a sell-out as residents, the business community, visitors from across Perth, representatives from the West Coast Eagles and Premier Mark McGowan thronged to the marquee on the Rockingham foreshore.
Attendees were treated to a six-course smorgasbord of culinary delights and premium wines, while lively entertainment and the auction were well-received on Rockingham's north-facing beach.
On Sunday, the Big Brews Beach Party was also well-attended, with Rockingham patrons making the most of the beach surrounds.
Chamber chief executive Tony Solin said the weekend was a celebration of everything that makes Rockingham an excellent place to live and work.
“The community once again banded together to make the weekend an absolute success,” they said.
“The RKCC staff and committee would like to say a big thank you to major sponsor Malibu Fresh Essentials and to the local businesses that offered up their services and time.”
City of Rockingham Deputy Mayor Deb Hamblin said the Long Table Lunch was a popular event that draws guests from near and far.
“The City is very pleased to support this event as it is an investment in the ongoing development of a positive association between the city's brand and a high-quality dining experience, in which the quality of local produce and restaurants is central to the event's strong appeal,” they said,
“The event also supports the City's desire to provide a tourism lifestyle, identified as one of the primary aspirations in the 2015-2025 Strategic Community Plan.”
FILE - In a Saturday, July 23, 2015 file photo, The Flight of the Conchords Bret McKenzie, right, and Jemaine Clement perform at the 2016 Newport Folk Festival in Newport, R.I. The music comedy group Flight of the Conchords has postponed a series of tour dates after Bret McKenzie injured their hand in what they called a â€œvery rock â€˜nâ€™ roll injury _ falling down some stairs.â€� In a statement on the bandâ€™s website Sunday, March 18, 2018, McKenzie said the upcoming United Kingdom tour of the Flight of the Conchords would be rescheduled after they broke two bones in their hand. (Jim Rassol/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP, File)
FILE - In a Saturday, July 23, 2015 file photo, The Flight of the Conchords Bret McKenzie, right, and Jemaine Clement perform at the 2016 Newport Folk Festival in Newport, R.I. The music comedy group Flight of the Conchords has postponed a series of tour dates after Bret McKenzie injured their hand in what they called a â€œvery rock â€˜nâ€™ roll injury _ falling down some stairs.â€� In a statement on the bandâ€™s website Sunday, March 18, 2018, McKenzie said the upcoming United Kingdom tour of the Flight of the Conchords would be rescheduled after they broke two bones in their hand. (Jim Rassol/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - The music comedy group Flight of the Conchords has postponed a series of tour dates after Bret McKenzie injured their hand in what they called a "very rock 'n' roll injury - falling down some stairs."
In a statement posted on the band's website on Sunday, McKenzie said the upcoming United Kingdom tour of the Flight of the Conchords would be rescheduled after they broke two bones in their hand. McKenzie says they will be prevented from performing for several weeks.
The group's 13 U.K. performances were to begin on Sunday in London.
McKenzie and Jemaine Clement recently reunited for a series of North American shows. Their HBO series ran from 2007 to 2009.
In anticipation of Canada's sesquicentennial celebrations, the Citizen's Bruce Deachman has been out in search of Ottawans — 150 of them — to learn their stories of life and death, hope and love, the uncommon and the everyday. We'll share one person's story every day until Canada Day.
“In 2001, my husband and I were living in Winchester, and we decided to go into Ottawa to do a little shopping and have lunch. And on the way in, around nine o'clock, we heard on the radio that a plane had hit the twin towers. Well, at that moment it was just a thought that it was an accident. But nine or so minutes later, they said that another one hit the twin towers. And at that moment they were crying.
“So I said to my husband, ‘Can you pull over, honey? I can't go shopping or out to eat with people suffering like that.' So we went home and we sat in front of the TV from the 11th til the night of the 13th. I went to bed around 10 o'clock that night, and at two or two-thirty in the morning, I remember getting up and feeling really strange. And I went into the kitchen and I picked up a pen and paper and I started to write. I remember my hand going very fast across the paper. And when I'd finished I'd written a poem that I named Freedom Mourns.
“When my husband got up in the morning they said, ‘Sue, what were you doing up at two in the morning?' I said ‘I wrote a poem,' and they said, ‘Yeah, right.' I still remember the look on their face; their jaw dropped when they read the poem. They said, ‘Sue, you've got to send that somewhere.' So I called the American embassy and read it to the lady on the phone. They were silent for a few minutes, and then said, ‘Sue, please send me that poem. I'm giving you my direct contact; you send that straight to me.'
“I wrote seven poems that day. They wouldn't stop coming. They just kept coming and coming. I've written almost 3,000 since 9/11, and I've shared them with people all over the world. I've published two books of them, and to this day I have no idea how I'm doing this. I never liked reading or writing. I HATED reading and writing, so for me to end up at 70 years old and writing poetry is unbelievable. Anything that I see happen — the recent tragedy in Paris — they instantly become a poem, just like that.
“And there's no controlling them. I can be driving along and I'll have to pull over and write a poem. They're instantaneous and fully formed. They just come to me. I don't know where from or how, but they're there. And there are so many of them.
“I was given a gift that night, an amazing gift, and I've shared it all over the world. And I keep thinking every day, ‘Is this gift going to still be here?' I never know. I'll go a couple of days and there might not be anything, especially if there's something else going on in my world.
“This doesn't make any sense at all, but everything happens to you for a reason, and this is obviously my destiny. I've had two back operations and a hip replacement and was in pain all the time, and a week before 9/11, I was walking around saying, ‘God, this can't be my life. There's got to be more to my life than this.'”
— Sue Milner at their home in Leitrim, June 1, 2017.
bdeachman@postmedia.com
