Why NMDC proposed a dividend only to have the board shoot it down is not clear. Graphic: Sarvesh Kumar Sharma/Mint
Some board meetings are routine affairs, such as ones held to declare a dividend. NMDC Ltd's investors won't agree with that view, not after their company's board rejected a dividend proposal. That unusual outcome was perhaps why its shares fell by 6.5% on Monday. Of course, metal stocks were down too, with the BSE Metal index falling by 2.7% but NMDC fell by much more. A fall in global iron ore prices may be another worry on investors' minds.
This is the season for public sector companies to declare interim dividends, adding to the government's revenue before the fiscal year closes. In March 2017, NMDC had declared an interim dividend of Rs4.15 per share and shareholders could have expected something in that range or a little more.
Usually, companies refrain from paying a dividend when they feel the need to conserve cash. If that was the case, why NMDC proposed a dividend only to have the board shoot it down is not clear.
Why did the company's board feel the need to conserve cash? For one, the financial performance in the third quarter was affected by a fall of 20% in its iron ore sales, as rail despatches were disrupted due to an accident. Although the December quarter output declined, higher ore prices and lower expenses ensured that profits still increased. Of course, the increase was much lower than if the company's sales had been normal.
The current quarter has seen it recover but only just, with January-February output up by 5.7% from a year ago but sales still down by 3%. Domestic iron ore prices are coming off their highs, and NMDC too lowered prices this month. Improving supply position in Odisha is likely to keep the pressure on prices.
News on the global front is not good either, with Chinese iron ore prices declining due to a build-up in stocks combined with fears that demand from the construction sector may be lower than expected. This decline could reverse as well if China's economic data signals otherwise in the coming months. While domestic prices are not synced with global prices, the prospect of cheaper imports could put pressure on domestic prices. This is a risk that needs to be watched.
Since NMDC's performance in the second half is not as strong as it could have been, the board may have wanted to be conservative. The company has a significant capital expenditure programme too. As of 30 September, it had a cash and bank balance of Rs5,624 crore.
NMDC is implementing a project to build a three-million-tonne steel plant, and has other capital investment plans including setting up steel plants through the special purpose vehicle route.
In addition, it plans to substantially expand its own iron ore mining capacity to grow its core business. When the steel plant is commissioned, it will also require working capital funding, while the increase in depreciation after the plant starts will also affect profitability till operations stabilize.
Perhaps, the demands on its resources meant that an interim dividend at this point was not feasible. Also, it intends to sell the three-million-tonne steel plant through a disinvestment process, which can release significant cash back to the company. Even if that does not happen soon, once it closes its books for the year, it can always pay a final dividend, taking into account developments till that date.
There may have been valid reasons for NMDC to not declare an interim dividend. But announcing it and then getting it rejected by the board does not send the right signal. That is the message investors are sending by marking down its shares.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) - A Virginia man whose toddler daughter's body was found in a suitcase next to train tracks in New Jersey earlier this month is now facing charges.
Hudson County prosecutors say 37-year-old Travis Plummer, of Richmond, is charged with desecrating the human remains of 23-month old Te'Myah Layauna Plummer. But the cause of death remains under investigation.
The child's body was found April 11 just west of the Journal Square rail station in Jersey City in the PATH rapid transit system, which serves New Jersey and parts of New York City.
Authorities had been seeking the pair since last month, though they didn't believe they were in danger. It was thought Plummer may have relocated to Jersey City or Charlotte, North Carolina.
The FBI tracked Plummer to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where they were arrested without incident April 19. He's awaiting extradition and it's not known if he's retained a lawyer.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leicester have taken everything the football world has thrown at them in the last two years and thrown it right back.
Win the Premier League title from an impossible underdog position? Tick.
Top their Champions League group in a competition nobody ever thought they would play in? Tick.
Come from 2-0 down to knock Sevilla out of Europe? Tick.
Survive everything Atletico Madrid could throw at them - on and off the pitch - and escape just a goal down? Tick, tick and tick.
So when Christian Fuchs tells you they have the team spirit not to crack when they stand 90 minutes from the last four of Europe's elite competition, they need to be listened to.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Fuchs is the joker in the Foxes' tight-knit squad with their penchant for egg roulette at the training ground.
The Austrian makes team-mates choose an egg to crack on their head – without knowing if it is hard-boiled or raw.
Yesterday, on Easter Monday, the defender was asked if Leicester would crack under the pressure?
Fuchs responded: “That's what everyone is expecting from us anyway, what they expected last season of us.
“I think because we have such a great team spirit we don't let it affect us.
“There's a lot of pressure all the time, this year it was fighting against relegation and we came out of that.
(Photo: Plumb Images/Leicester City FC via Getty Images)
“We're just looking forward to the game and trying to give everything.
“I don't think anyone loves to come here, nevertheless we are still underdogs and still trying to take our chance.”
Leicester has a 100% record at home in Europe having seen off Porto, Copenhagen, Club Brugge and then Sevilla in the last 16, when they overcame a 2-1 first leg loss.
It has made for some famous nights under the lights at the 32,300-capacity King Power, where City tend to blitz opponents from the first minute.
Atletico are unlikely to be overawed after totally outplaying Leicester last week as the English side failed to have a shot on target and had just 32% possession.
But Fuchs is hopeful of more glory with the Foxes planning memorable banners and other stunts to crank up the atmosphere.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
They summed up the mood among players and fans alike as determined to make the most of this potential once in a lifetime opportunity.
They added: “Being in the quarter-finals is outstanding and being in the quarter-finals as the last British team is also a great achievement.
“We just enjoy the time we have. We might never be here again. We might be at some point again but right now it is simply this one game that we have and we try to give everything to be successful.
“I think the atmosphere is outstanding at home and our fans have proved in the last couple of games they are the 12th man and can carry us to wins.
“They carried us to the success against Sevilla, when I saw the stadium before I knew something special will happen again and I'm fired up and looking forward to it.
“It is something very special to us, we are small Leicester City playing in the Champions League and it is great.”
(Photo: AFP)
Some bookies make Atletico as short as 1–8 on to progress but Leicester are used to making a mockery of odds.
Last season Claudio Ranieri was their favourite to be the first manager sacked before ending up as manager of the year after City defied odds of 5,000-1.
Now the Italian's successor Craig Shakespeare wants Leicester to upset bookies' predictions once more after their revival since Ranieri's exit in February.
Shakespeare said: “They've got it wrong in the past and let's hope they've got it wrong again.
“We know what we have to do and let's hope we earn people a few bob.”
Plus something better than a cash to Leicester fans – priceless memories to last a lifetime.
Yes Please the brand-new store is a shared space between the two businesses. Moore Collection, owned by Tanner Barkin and Taylor Palmie, is like Craft Boner in the sense it focuses on custom designs. But instead of cards and mugs, the screen printing business creates shirts, hats and other small goods that have a distinctly Colorado feel. We spoke with the two businesses to learn more about why they decided to join forces, and what to expect from the store located in the Five Points neighborhood of Denver. If you've ever been to the Denver Flea, a seasonal flea market meets hipster heaven, you've likely come across Craft Boner . Owned an operated by Kiwi Schloffel, the custom card and gift company is known for its inappropriate , but often poignant sayings. All of the items are designed by Schloffel themselves and as a result, the company has long been a one-woman show. That is until they recently decided to partner with another local company, The Moore Collection , to create a permanent residence for Craft Boner. Namedthe brand-new store is a shared space between the two businesses. Moore Collection, owned by Tanner Barkin and Taylor Palmie, is like Craft Boner in the sense it focuses on custom designs. But instead of cards and mugs, the screen printing business creates shirts, hats and other small goods that have a distinctly Colorado feel. We spoke with the two businesses to learn more about why they decided to join forces, and what to expect from the store located in the Five Points neighborhood of Denver.
—
303: Tell us about the name, Yes Please.
—
Kiwi Schloffel: I got really sick for a couple of weeks in June and I think the name came to me in a fever dream. I had a really vivid dream about my shop and exactly what I'd want it to look like and when I woke up I vaguely remember muttering, “Uh, yes please!” before falling back to sleep and that was pretty much the aha moment. I wanted something that conveyed the idea of fun and in my head it's impossible to say yes please without some kind of sass. Luckily Taylor and Tanner were totally on board with it right away.
—
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
303: Why did you decide to open a brick-n-mortar? Was it always a goal?
—
Taylor Palmie: When I was little I was always the kid selling toys from my front yard and I hoped that I could open up a store of some sort when I was older. When we first started printing t-shirts it was always our dream to have a store a few years down the road that sold the products that we make. Since we always felt that doing our own production in-house was something that set us apart, we wanted to have retail and production in one so that we could not only be at the shop working while our store was open but to also open up our doors for people to see the backend of how all of the products they buy in store are made.
—
KS: I used to play shop owner when I was a kid with a cardboard scanner and conveyer belt and everything, so, yeah, I've dreamed about it since before I had even given Craft Boner a name. With such huge demand for space in Denver and being a one-woman operation I never thought that it could actually happen.
—
303: Why did your two companies decide to partner?
—
TP: We have known Kiwi for a while and over time we felt like although our brands are very different, we share a lot of the same values and passion for what we do. When the lease at our old warehouse was coming up we knew we wanted to expand and move into a bigger and better space. The three of us always wanted to have a place where people could shop and where we could also work. Both of our old studios could accommodate this to a point but it never really worked well. It can also sometimes feel difficult to continuously find the drive to keep your business thriving so we felt like sharing a space with a like-minded individual like Kiwi would create a motivating atmosphere for us all to stay excited about the growth of our businesses.
—
KS: I like to think that our businesses are not only in a similar stage of growth, but also that they're pretty similar in the fact that they both evoke strong feelings in our customers. Moore Collection is more like Reese Witherspoon in Wild and Craft Boner is more like Reese Witherspoon in Legally Blonde — you love both versions of Reese Witherspoon but for completely different reasons. In that way, I feel like Yes Please have a split personality that will appeal to a wide audience and works in a really weird way that people won't be able to explain.
—
This slideshow requires JavaScript. 303: How did you choose the location?
TP: When we first started looking for spaces we were really interested in RiNo since we live there and it feels like home to our brand and business. As we began looking at all of our options nothing felt completely right for our needs so we started looking further out of the neighborhood. We were kind of familiar with Clayton but it wasn't on the top of our list right away. The second we toured our 38th & Steele Street location we fell in love. It not only has the character of an old warehouse which is perfect for retail but it also accommodates to all of our production needs so that we can all have everything in one space.
—
KS: Taylor & Tanner found the space and even seeing it under construction I was 100 percent in. I love the industrial feel of the row of warehouses and I already had huge business crushes on A Small Print Shop and Winter Session so I loved that they'd be our neighbors. Plus, I live in the neighborhood and my lifelong goal of riding my bike to work with a puppy in the basket can now become reality.
—
303: What will you offer in the store? Will there be constantly new work or will it more of the best sellers?
—
KS: My favorite part of owning a business is doodling and coming up with new products so there will definitely be an influx of new work from me in the shop on the regular. I'll also have some Craft Boner exclusives for Yes Please and I'm stocking the shop with a bunch of flair for jean jackets, wrapping paper, pens, washi tape and other fun things.
—
TP: We will be offering everything that we sell online in store. We launch four-five new collections per year so we will be refreshing the store every time we launch new products and will always have our classics available as well.
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eric Bailly believes the competition for places at Manchester United is giving Jose Mourinho a selection headache for every game.
The Red Devils have started the season in devastating form with their only slip-up coming in the draw at Stoke.
Bailly had been an ever-present in the Premier League before being rested for the win over Crystal Palace before the international break.
Chris Smalling came in to partner Phil Jones with Victor Lindelof waiting in the wings.
And Bailly believes the options available to Mourinho means no-one is guaranteed to play.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Dan Mullan)
"It's very important for us, it's important for the team, it's important for the manager, and when it's [competitive for places]," Bailly told United Review .
"There is also competition amongst ourselves, so we always have to improve because I don't think anyone is automatically entitled to their position in that team.
"There's a good relationship between Phil and me, and with the other two defenders, Victor Lindelof and Chris Smalling, even though we've not had the chance to play together yet.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"It's fine in my view because there are four of us defenders and everyone is ready to make the most of the opportunities the manager gives us.
"To defend as well as possible and concede fewer goals, that's the aim for all of us."
Bailly is expected to be back in the United line-up against Liverpool after the international break.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are keen on Sampdoria star Lucas Torreira after the Uruguayan's sensational season in Serie A.
Torreira is a tough-tackling midfielder with a sublime range of passing able to dictate play, as well as break up the opposition's flow.
The Blucerchiati star has a €25m (£22m) release clause, which will not deter the Gunners, claim Calciomercato, who could bolster their midfield and potentially upgrade on Granit Xhaka.
Unai Emery will have to hope Arsenal can beat off competition from Liverpool, Everton, Juventus and Napoli though.
The latter have earmarked the Uruguayan international as a replacement for Jorginho, who has interested Manchester City.
(Image: Valerio Pennicino)
Arsenal set to sign Adli from PSG
Arsenal are set to sign Yacine Adli from Paris Saint-Germain.
The France youth international has knocked back PSG's offer in favour of joining the Gunners.
Unai Emery has captured the 17-year-old on a three-year deal, with the option of a further two years, according to Paris United.
An attacking midfielder with an imposing frame, Adli has featured for Les Bleus at Under-16, Under-17 and Under-18 level, scoring 13 times over 33 caps.
Unai Emery's project is believed to have convinced Adli, with the Spaniard having a close look at the talent during their time in the French capital.
PSG reportedly made a bigger financial offer to the player, but Adli is not convinced by the project of the club.
(Image: REUTERS)
Arsenal offer Ramsey new deal
Arsenal have offered Aaron Ramsey a new deal to stop the Wales star entering the last year of their contract.
The four-year deal would lift the midfielder's earnings alongside recent signings Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan on around £170,000-a-week.
Ramsey, 27, joined the Gunners in 2008 and starred in Wales' run to the semi-finals at Euro 2016.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
With Unai Emery joining the club and a new contract team in place, Arsenal are keen to prevent players running down their contracts like Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil last season.
Speaking on the Wales tour to North America earlier this week, Ramsey hinted they would be staying.
“I think it's an exciting time for the club," Ramsey said. "I can't wait to get back there now.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The festive period is upon is, which means it's time to start stocking up on some seriously indulgent Christmas food.
If you're planning to host Christmas for your family or friends this year, you may be looking to head down to Iceland if you want to slash a few pounds off your big food shop.
We've tracked down when Iceland is open over the festive break, so you can ensure that you don't get left out in the cold when it comes to picking up the festive essentials.
You can also check the exact timings for your local brand on the Iceland website, or get your food shop delivered to your door for free if you spend over £35.
Iceland Christmas opening times at a glance
(Image: Getty)
Christmas Eve - All Iceland stores are open their normal Sunday hours.
Christmas Day - All Iceland stores are closed.
Boxing Day - All Iceland stores are open their normal hours. For most stores, this is from 8am - 9pm.
New Year's Eve - All Iceland stores are open their normal Sunday hours.
New Year's Day - All Iceland stores are open from 9am - 6pm.
If you want to double-check before leaving the house, you can get the full breakdown for each store on the Iceland website.
(Image: Iceland)
As well as being famous for its cheap Linda McCartney sausages, party food and cut-price frozen foods, the popular chain has now also joined the fresh food bandwagon - selling the likes of fruit, vegetables, cheese and many other festive treats.
IT'S an unlikely political pairing that brought together two of the world's biggest ever reality TV stars.
Kim Kardashian West has met with Donald Trump at the White House overnight to discuss prison reform and appeal for the pardoning of a first-time drug offender.
The 37-year-old reality star reportedly discussed prison reform with Jared Kushner, the US President's son-in-law, before heading to a meeting with Mr Trump in the Oval Office, where they got a photo together.
Camera Icon Kim Kardashian entering the White House grounds to meet with members of the Trump administration during their visit. Picture: Getty Images, Win McNamee/Getty Images
Kardashian reportedly made a legal argument to Mr Trump for why they should pardon Alice Johnson, a 62-year-old great-grandmother who is serving a life sentence without parole for a first-time drug offence.
More than 21 years after Johnson went to prison, Kardashian came across their story on Twitter earlier this year and reached out to Ivanka Trump, who connected them to Mr Kushner, Vanity Fair reports.
Kushner is an advocate of prison reform after the experiences of their father Charles, who served a one-year term in 2005 for tax evasion, illegal campaign contributions, and witness tampering.
Kardashian did not bring the camera crew for their reality show, Keeping Up with the Kardashians, according to Vanity Fair. Husband Kanye West was not present either.
Camera Icon Kim Kardashian initially approached First Daughter Ivanka Trump, who then put them in touch with their husband Jared Kushner, a senior White House adviser. Picture: AFP
According to US media reports, Johnson's conviction stemmed from their leading role in a multimillion-dollar drug ring that dealt thousands of kilograms of cocaine over a three-year period.
In a 2016 op-ed for CNN, Johnson wrote: “I want this part to be clear: I acknowledge that I have done wrong. I made the biggest mistake of my life to make ends meet and got involved with people selling drugs.
“This was a road I never dreamed of venturing down. I became what is called a telephone mule, passing messages between the distributors and sellers. I participated in a drug conspiracy and I was wrong.”
The unlikely meeting follows Kardashian's rapper husband Kanye West declaring their infatuation with Trump on Twitter last month.
Camera Icon Both Kim and Kanye threw their support behind Hillary Clinton during their presidential campaign. Picture: Getty Images, Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images
“You don't have to agree with trump but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragon energy.  They are my brother. I love everyone. I don't agree with everything anyone does. That's what makes us individuals. And we have the right to independent thought,” West tweeted.
Every Kardashian sister then unfollowed the controversial music star after their pro-Trump tweets.
During the US election, both Kardashian and West threw their support behind Hillary Clinton.
TWITTER REACTS
Within seconds of Trump posting a photo of them and Kardashian to their more than 52 million Twitter followers, the post was littered with thousands of comments, most of which were poking fun at the political pairing.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City are set to sign Nigerian international striker Olarenwaju Kayode – nicknamed 'Larry'.
City plan to loan the forward to newly-promoted La Liga club Girona, who they face on Tuesday in a friendly in Spain.
Pep Guardiola let another Nigeria striker, Kelechi Iheanacho , join Leicester for £25million, but are poised to recruit their 24-year-old compatriot.
Kayode, who will sign a four-year contract, scored 24 goals in 48 matches for Austria Vienna last season and finished top scorer in Austria's top flight with 17 in 33 games.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The forward will become the fifth City player to be loaned to Girona, following striker Douglas Luiz, defender Pablo Maffeo, midfielder Aleix Garcia and winger Marlos Moreno.
Kayode's wife posted on social media a picture of their husband at City's training ground at the weekend before taking it down. City have yet to confirm the deal.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fire chief Paul Hancock says the thoughts of everyone at Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service are with those affected by the tragic inferno at the west London tower block.
Several people are known to have died after a huge fire raged through the 24 storey structure during the night.
Firefighters are still tackling the blaze at Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, where eyewitnesses said people were trapped inside, screaming for help.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
More than 50 people are being treated in hospital, says London Ambulance.
Mr Hancock‏, who is joint fire chief of Cumbria Fire Service, tweeted: “Thoughts of everyone from @CheshireFire & @CumbriaFire with @LFBCommissioner & @LondonFire & all those involved in the major fire.”
Cheshire chief constable Simon Byrne wrote: “This is an awful incident. Thinking of those affected & trying to deal with this.”
The official Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service account tweeted: “Our thoughts are with everyone affected by the #GreenfellTower fire in #NorthKensington, including our colleagues in the emergency services.”
Reporters at the scene say there are fears the building might collapse.
(Photo: PA)
Eyewitnesses said they saw lights – thought to be mobile phones or torches – flashing at the top of the block of flats and trapped residents coming to their windows, some holding children from windows.
More than 200 firefighters have been tackling the blaze.
London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said there had been ‘a number of fatalities' but they could not say how many because of the ‘size and complexity' of the building.
“This is an unprecedented incident,” they said. ”In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never ever seen anything of this scale.”
(Photo: PA)
They said the cause was not yet known.
The Met Police has set up an emergency number on 0800 0961 233 for anyone concerned about friends or family.
The Formation Of Italy's New Government Is Causing A Crisis With Global Implications At heart is a power struggle between politicians who want Italy to remain a member of the European Union and the winners of March elections — Euroskeptic populists. Italy's president vetoed a populist coalition meaning fresh elections may need to be called.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are reportedly attempting to poach Barcelona's sporting director.
Raul Sanllehi is said to be on the Gunners' wish list as they look to freshen up their transfer policy.
Spanish radio station Cadena SER have reported that Arsenal has already sounded out Sanllehi in a bid to convince them to move to north London.
Manchester City are also reportedly interested in landing the experience director.
Sanllehi is believed to be close to the exit after over a decade at the Nou Camp with the club poised for a major remodelling of the club's structure.
Wenger handed triple injury boost
(Image: Mike Hewitt)
Arsene Wenger has been handed a triple injury boost ahead of Arsenal's trip to Watford.
The Gunners were in impressive form before the international break, winning four games on the spin in all competitions.
And Wenger looks set to be able to recall three players for the trip to Vicarage Road, reports Football.London.
Francis Coquelin has already returned to full training following the hamstring injury they sustained during the Carabao Cup success against Doncaster Rovers last month.
And Danny Welbeck is due to return to full training on Monday having recovered from the groin strain they suffered late on during the 0-0 draw at Stamford Bridge.
Mesut Ozil is also set to link up with the first-team squad on Monday in a further boost to Arsene Wenger after the German's knee injury cleared up.
Ramsey impressed with Lacazette
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Aaron Ramsey has been impressed by how well Alexandre Lacazette has settled into English football.
The French striker has had a fine start to their Arsenal career since their move from Lyon, scoring four times in the Premier League.
It took them just two minutes of their debut to open their account and Lacazette hasn't looked back.
And Ramsey believes there is even more to come from the £52m signing.
"He's very technically good, he's very clean with their touches and their link up play and he's a great finisher," the Welshman said.
“We've seen some fantastic finishes so far from them and I'm sure there will be many, many more to come as well, so it's exciting times for them personally and for us to have them here."
WILMINGTON, Del. (AP) - Defense attorneys continued to hammer away Tuesday at prosecutors' claims in the federal fraud and conspiracy trial of four former Wilmington Trust Corporation executives, calling the government's star witness a liar.
In closing arguments, defense attorneys repeatedly attacked the credibility of Joseph Terranova, former manager of the bank's Delaware commercial real estate division.
Terranova is awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud and agreeing to testify against their former colleagues at Wilmington Trust - the only financial institution to be criminally charged in connection with the federal bank bailout program.
"He's a serial liar," said Kenneth Breen, an attorney representing former Wilmington Trust chief financial officer David Gibson.
Gibson and former bank president Robert V.A. Harra Jr., former chief credit officer William North, and former controller Kevyn Rakowski, are charged with fraud, conspiracy and making false statements to federal regulators.
Prosecutors allege that, in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, the defendants concealed the truth about the bank's massive amount of past due commercial real estate loans from regulators and investors before the century-old institution was hastily sold in 2011.
The bank, founded by members of the DuPont family, imploded despite receiving $330 million from the federal government's Troubled Asset Relief Program. Before the fire sale to M&T Bank, Wilmington Trust raised $287 million in a 2010 stock offering while concealing the truth about its shaky financial condition to investors, prosecutors claim.
The bank itself was also named a defendant in the criminal case but reached a $60 million settlement with prosecutors last year just as a trial was to start.
Defense attorneys maintain that their clients did nothing wrong. They have repeatedly tried to brand Terranova as untrustworthy, saying they lied to their fellow bank employees and to federal investigators and acknowledged they had not been truthful with the jury in testimony regarding loan appraisals.
"You have to embrace the liar in order to convict these people. It's as simple as that," David Wilks, an attorney representing North, told jurors Tuesday.
Attorneys were to complete their closing arguments Wednesday morning before jurors receive final instructions from the judge and begin deliberating.
Prosecutors allege that Wilmington Trust concealed the quantity of past due loans on its books from October 2009 through November 2010. Authorities say Wilmington Trust failed to disclose to regulators its practice of "waiving" matured loans designated as current for interest and in the process of being extended from the reporting requirements for past due loans.
In the fourth quarter of 2009, for example, Wilmington Trust officials reported that only $10.8 million in commercial loans were 90 days or more past due, concealing more than $316 million in past due loans subject to the waiver practice, according to prosecutors.
Terranova and two other former Wilmington Trust officers, Delaware Market Officer Brian Bailey, and loan officer Peter Hayes have pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing.
Two other co-conspirators already have been sentenced. James Ladio, former CEO of MidCoast Community Bank, was sentenced to two years in prison and ordered to pay $700,000 restitution. Businessman Salvatore Leone was sentenced to a year and a day in prison and ordered to pay $784,000.
Already a subscriber?
Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one.
April 24 (UPI) -- Kim Kardashian shared a new photo of their "Party of 5" on Monday.
The 37-year-old television personality posted a cute picture with husband Kanye West, 4-year-old daughter North West, 2-year-old son Saint West and 3-month-old daughter Chicago West on Instagram.
The snapshot shows Kardashian striking a pose with North and Saint aboard a private plane. Kanye is all smiles as they hold baby Chicago on their lap.
"Party of 5," Kardashian captioned the photo.
Party of 5 A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 23, 2018 at 7:25am PDT
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star had shared a first picture of their family of five earlier this month.
"I don't think you really understand how hard it is to take a good family pic," they told fans at the time. "This was all we got before all three kids started crying. I think I cried too."
Kardashian welcomed Chicago via gestational carrier in January. They discussed the possibility of having more kids in the April issue of Elle, saying four children would be their max.
"My home and my heart feel really full right now, in the best way," the star shared.
"I don't think I could handle more than [four]," they said. "My time is spread really thin. And I think it's important that in all couples, the mom gives the husband as much attention as the kids."
Serial killer Todd Kohlhepp, who is serving seven consecutive life sentences in prison for murdering seven people, claims they have more victims — but is declining to give any specifics.
In an eight-page letter on Nov. 28 to the Herald-Journal, Kohlepp implied that they have killed many others and not just in South Carolina.
“Yes there is more than seven,” they wrote in the letter, claiming. “I tried to tell investigators and I did tell FBI, but it was blown off.”
“It's not an addition problem, it's an [sic] multiplication problem,” they continued. “Leaves the state and leaves the country. Thank you private pilot's license.”
Kohlhepp, a former real estate agent, pleaded guilty earlier this year to seven murders committed over 13 years, from 2003 to 2016. The plea deal spared them the death penalty, but they are spending the rest of their life in prison without the possibility of parole.
If there are truly more victims, Kohlhepp did not seem ready to provide any more details. “At this point, I really don't see reason to give numbers or locations,” they wrote.
Local authorities and the FBI declined to comment to PEOPLE on the killer's latest claims, but an FBI spokesperson told the Herald-Journal they still have a “pending investigation” into Kohlhepp's crimes. (Kohlhepp's attorney in their murder prosecution could not immediately be reached for comment.)
“We don't have anything active right this second, but we've always left it open-ended in case they want to say there's some stuff we need to check,” Spartanburg County, South Carolina, Sheriff Chuck Wright told the newspaper.
“If he's got something to say, we're more than willing to listen,” Wright said.
Kohlhepp was initially taken into custody last November after police freed missing woman Kala Brown from where they were chained in a metal shipping container on their nearly 100-acre property in Woodruff, South Carolina. Brown had disappeared more than two months earlier.
Kohlhepp also killed Brown's 32-year-old boyfriend, Charlie Carver, who vanished along with them Their body was later found on Kohlhepp's property.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Todd Kohlhepp in November 2016 Tim Kimzey/The Spartanburg Herald-Journal/AP
Kala Brown (left) speaking on Dr. Phil Peteski Productions/CBS Television Distribution
While in police custody, Kohlhepp confessed to the 2003 quadruple slayings of Beverly Guy, Brian Lucas, Scott Ponder and Chris Sherbert — all fatally shot inside Superbike Motorsports in Chesnee, South Carolina.
Kohlhepp's final murder charges came in connection with the 2015 deaths of Johnny, 25, and 29-year-old Meagan Coxie, whose bodies were found on their property after Brown's rescue.
Kohlhepp's criminal history began long before their murderous rampage, however. In the 1980s, when they were 15 years old, Kohlhepp was arrested for allegedly raping a 14-year-old neighbor at gunpoint in Tempe, Arizona.
They ultimately pleaded guilty to kidnapping, served prison time from 1987 to 2001 and was placed on the sex-offender registry, according to records.
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
Allen Bickart, a defense attorney in Arizona who represented Kohlhepp at the time, described them to PEOPLE as “a very troubled, very vicious kid.”
“He had some very, very, very serious issues,” Brickart said. “He was off the edge.”
During an appearance on Dr. Phil in February, Brown alleged that Kohlhepp admitted to having more victims and even bragged that they were “nearing the triple digits.” They said they had also claimed to have been an international assassin for the government while previously incarcerated.
“He would brag about how many people he's killed, how good they were at it,” they alleged.
May 2 Australian shares fell on Tuesday with financial stocks pulled lower after Australia and New Zealand Bank earnings missed expectations and as investors awaited the central bank's policy decision.
The S&P/ASX 200 index was down 0.6 percent, or 33.623 points, to 5,922.9 at 0259 GMT, snapping its longest gaining streak since July 2016. The benchmark had gained 0.6 percent in the previous session.
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group fell as much as 3 percent, its worst day in six months, after its 23 percent rise in first-half cash profit fell short of analysts' expectations.
The financial index lost as much as 1.4 percent, also after seven sessions of gains, with the other "Big 4" banks losing between 1 percent and 2.5 percent.
ANZ's miss on consensus was disappointing, given the significant rally banking stocks have enjoyed over the past two weeks on optimism ahead of the results, said Ric Spooner, chief market strategist at CMC Markets. Among other factors, the Reserve Bank of Australia is seen holding its cash rate at a record low of 1.5 percent in its monthly policy meeting later in the day.
"We are largely seeing some softening in banks and Donald Trump's comments on big banks didn't help too much," said Tony Cunningham from Cunningham Peterson Sharbanee Securities.
U.S. President Trump's comments on plans to break up big banks as reported by Bloomberg Television on Monday had little effect on U.S. stocks, which were boosted in their previous session by gains in Apple and other big tech stocks.
Gold stocks were among the biggest losers on the benchmark index, as the yellow metal dipped overnight before steadying, dragging the Australian gold index down 1.8 percent.
Newscrest Mining fell 1.1 percent, while Evolution Mining lost 4.2 percent.
On the gaining side, Woolworth's rose as much as 2.5 percent after reporting a surge in quarterly sales figures, pulling the consumer non-cyclicals sector up.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index was up 0.4 percent, or 29.5 points, at 7,413.89.
Losses in financials due to declines in New Zealand shares of ANZ Banking Group, of 2.1 percent, were far outweighed by gains in industrial and utility sectors.
Air New Zealand gained 3.3 percent in its fourth straight gaining session, while Meridian Energy climbed 1.4 percent.
For more individual stocks activity click on (Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; additional reporting by Rushil Dutta; Editing by Sam Holmes)
× Holiday Party Food Safety
Preventing holiday buffet horrors! Whether you're going to a party or hosting one, the last thing you want this season is to let bad food spoil someone's merry good time.
Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey teamed up with experts Monday to take a closer look at food safety around the holidays.
Penn State Extension 4-H Educator Sandi Graham and Registered Dietitian/Author Julia Grocki offered several tips to help while hosting a party as well as which foods keep longer at room temperature vs. others.
The pair teamed up with Ryan at the Vintage Kitchen, a cooking school in Clarks Summit located behind Everything Natural.
The CDC estimates that “each year 48 million people get sick from a food-borne illness, 128,000 are hospitalized, and 3,000 die.”
Registered Dietitian Julia Grocki, who's the author of “What You're Looking For Is Not In The Fridge,” also shared tips on mindful eating. They wrote a book after losing 130 pounds.
Julia's best advice to avoid packing on extra pounds over the holidays is “mindful eating.”
Julia described that as “paying attention to your physical hunger, make sure you're not eating due to emotions and/or stress, and use all your senses while eating to see if you actually like the food you're consuming.” For more tips on mindful eating, head here!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shivering and utterly traumatised, a tiny orangutan orphan clings to the teddy bear which has become a pitiful replacement for their slain mother.
Paijo, whose hand was sliced by the machete that killed their mum, is one of four great apes rescued by UK charity International Animal Rescue in the past month.
At just two months old, Paijo is the youngest orangutan to be taken in by the charity and the 106th now at their sanctuary in Indonesia.
Paijo is another victim of the palm oil trade, deforestation and mining which have taken orangutans to the brink of extinction.
The charity fears they could be extinct in just 20 years.
Spokeswoman Lis Key said: “The orangutans who come to us are traumatised beyond belief.
(Photo: HERIBERTUS)
“Most, like Paijo have a haunted stare, and the cuteness of them cuddling their teddies actually belies a grim and terrible reality.
“A mother orangutan will never leave their baby unless they are parted through death.
“So every one of our orphans, with the surrogate teddy bears they cling to, has witnessed the slaughter of their mothers at the hands of man. These apes need more help than ever if they are to survive.”
Since the start of December, the charity has rescued four orangutans and released a further two back into safe havens.
Paijo is the youngest they have ever taken in and brings the total in the rescue centre to 106 – the most they have ever helped at one time.
Lis said: “Never more so have orangutans faced a more uncertain future, as 2017 starts, they really are a species facing the prospect of extinction, and we're doing everything we can to save them.”
(Photo: HERIBERTUS)
Paijo was rescued after a local man in Randau Jekak Village in Sandai District, Indonesia, was handed them by a villager. They then rang IAR's orangutan hotline. They collected them and took them on the six-hour journey to their shelter in Ketapang.
Lis said: “He's so terribly vulnerable it's touch and go. As well as warmth and food the main source of comfort they are given is their own teddy bear.
“The teddy becomes almost a surrogate mother as it means they have something warm and furry to cling to.
“So while it may look cute, actually it is a symbol of tragedy. Our aim over the next five to seven years will be to teach them the skills of the forest so one day they can be released back into the wild.”
One of the biggest threats to the orangutan's rainforest habitat is the non-sustainable palm oil industry. The oil is found in dozens of products from make-up to crisps.
Lis said: “We need to put pressure on companies to change to sustainable alternatives. Orangutans will only survive when people start to take the problem seriously. I just hope it won't be too late by then.”
(Photo: Getty)
Paijo and the other orangutans at the rescue centre are Bornean. There are about 50,000 left, but are classified as Critically Endangered because numbers are dropping so rapidly, reduced by half in 60 years.
More than 2.4 million acres of Indonesian rainforest is cleared each year and Paijo is just one of the recent victims.
The charity also saved an orangutan found with a rope around their neck. Lis said: “It's likely their mother was killed when they were a baby so someone could keep them as a pet.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hollywood actor Ryan Reynolds says their "heart pours out" to the family of stuntwoman killed on the film set of the new Deadpool 2 movie.
The tragedy in Vancouver saw a woman on a motorbike 'soar through the air' before hitting a glass window and dying.
Reynolds posted on Twitter tonight: "Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool.
"We are heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognise nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must film in this moment.
"My heart pours out to them -- along with each and every person they touched in this world."
(Image: global news)
Earlier MirrorOnline reported that the audio of a 911 call reveals how the shoot went horribly wrong - and how panic subsequently ensued.
The recording reveals how the tragedy on the set of the Ryan Reynolds film in Vancouver - initially described as "an actor on a stunt set who has gone through a window" - happened.
In a chilling description of events to emergency services, an unidentified male caller says: "The actor lost control, went across the street, over a curb and through a glass pane window into a building across the street."
The Mirror earlier reported how the rider successfully completed the stunt four times in the Canadian city's Jack Poole Plaza, before disaster stuck on the fifth attempt.
Local media reports the "the throttle somehow engaged" and the rider lost control while 'stood' on the motorbike.
(Image: global news)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Witnesses said the bike flew through the air and crashed though glass window on the ground floor of the Shaw Tower.
In the 911 recording, the emergency services call handler says: "The actor went through the window of vehicle, or something?
A male caller says: "No, the actor lost control, went across the street, over a curb and through a glass pane window into a building across the street."
Another voice says: "Just so that guy is aware, the stunt actor was airborne through the building."
A voice sounds as though they describe the actor as "hasn't been moving".
The recording was published by Hollywood gossip website TMZ .
Onlookers thought the crash was part of filming but quickly realised it was a serious "unplanned" crash, they told TV crews.
(Image: Splash News)
There was said to be no sound of brakes before the crash.
“People were running on the sidewalk, the motorcycle comes flying across the street, looks like from a ramp because it was in the air,” one witness told Global News .
“[The rider was] standing on the bike, slams into that building, clearly hit and out-of-control and clearly not planned.”
(Image: Ben Miljure? @CTVNewsBen /Twitter)
“It was so out-of-control, it looked like an accident.”
The incident is said to have occurred about 8.20am local time (4.20pm UK time).
Police and ambulance rushed to the scene and the rider was put in an Advanced Life Support ambulance.
However, the vehicle remained at the scene for 45 minutes - and eventually left for the hospital without lights and sirens.
(Image: global news)
The movie stars Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel Comics character Deadpool.
It is unclear if Reynolds was on the set today but they were photographed on set filming last week in the city.
(Image: Ben Miljure? @CTVNewsBen /Twitter)
The film is the sequel to the first film which came out to massive critical acclaim last year - and grossed $783.1million (£604million) worldwide.
Vancouver Police tweeted: "A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle.
"VPD & WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene."
(Image: Splash News)
WorkSafeBC spokesperson Trish Knight Chernecki said the agency has launched a long-term investigation into the accident and has a total of five officers currently on the scene.
A spokesperson for Fox did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The incident comes 24 hours after Tom Cruise fell on the set of Mission: Impossible being filmed in London, injuring himself.
In July veteran stuntman John Bernecker died from injuries on the set filming scenes for The Walking Dead in Atlanta.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Already serving a state prison sentence for breaking into a woman's residence and indecently assaulting them in November 2015 in Tower City, Clyde A. Fesig Jr. will be subject to Megan's Law sanctions for 15 years after they leave prison, a Schuylkill County judge decided Tuesday.
While Judge John E. Domalakes ruled Fesig, 32, of Tower City, is not a sexually violent predator, they also said the indecent assault is a Tier 1 offense under state law and, therefore, mandates the imposition of 15 years of Megan's Law sanctions against the defendant.
“I cannot emphasize enough how important it is” that you comply with the registration requirements, Domalakes told Fesig, who already is an inmate at State Correctional Institution/Camp Hill in Cumberland County and participated in Tuesday's hearing by videoconference.
The judge's decision that Fesig is not a sexually violent predator, which would have mandated lifetime Megan's Law sanctions, is in line with the recommendation of the state Sexual Offenders Assessment Board.
Domalakes also sentenced Fesig to spend two years on probation, consecutive to their existing sentence, on a charge of indecent assault.
Fesig originally pleaded guilty on Nov. 16, 2016, to burglary, terroristic threats, indecent assault and simple assault. Prosecutors withdrew charges of rape, aggravated indecent assault and criminal trespass, and both sides agreed to defer sentencing on the charge of indecent assault.
At that time, Domalakes sentenced them to serve two to four years in a state correctional institution, pay costs and $50 to the Criminal Justice Enhancement Account, have no contact with the victim, submit a DNA sample to law enforcement authorities and undergo the SOAB evaluation.
State police at Schuylkill Haven charged Fesig with breaking into a residence on East Grand Avenue (Route 209) in the early morning hours of Nov. 21, 2015.
Police said Fesig broke into the bedroom through a locked door, looked through their victim's cellphone and then began to have sexual contact with the woman. The woman managed to break free, but Fesig went to the kitchen, got a steak knife and again confronted her, telling them not to report what they did, police said.
Fesig then began stabbing the walls, causing the blade of the knife to break, according to police.
The Megan's Law sanctions to which Fesig will be subject to require them to provide their name, address, employment, any schools they might attend, registration of any vehicles they own and other information to the Pennsylvania State Police. Any violation of the sanctions would be an additional crime and subject Fesig to further prosecution.
Megan's Law was enacted in Pennsylvania, numerous other states and at the federal level after the July 29, 1994, murder of Megan Nicole Kanka, 7, in Hamilton Township, New Jersey. Jesse Timmendequas, Kanka's killer, was one of their neighbors and a twice-convicted sex offender; their death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment after New Jersey enacted legislation to abolish the death penalty in that state.
The defendant
· Defendant: Clyde A. Fesig Jr.
· Age: 32
· Residence: Tower City
· Crimes committed: Burglary, terroristic threats, indecent assault and simple assault
· Prison sentence: Two to four years in a state correctional institution, two years consecutive probation and 15 years of Megan's Law sanctions
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Pardew will limit new signing Daniel Sturridge's training schedule to get them fit and firing for West Brom... and England.
Pardew is thrilled to have got Sturridge on loan for the rest of the ­season to help the the Premier League's basement club in their relegation fight.
They say the striker can build up their fitness during matches, and won't always have to train with the rest of the squad.
Sturridge, 28, has started only five games this term and was desperate for first-team football, with the World Cup just four months away.
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Albion have scored only 19 times in 25 Premier Leagues games this term, and Pardew feels keeping Sturridge on the pitch will be key to their ­survival hopes.
And they think England counterpart Gareth Southgate, a pal from their Crystal Palace days, could reap the benefits in Russia this summer.
Pardew said: “Daniel's deal runs until the summer and we will be managing them maybe a bit more carefully.
(Image: Getty)
“He is fresh because they haven't had a lot of game time, so they could be that ­rarity for Gareth — a player who is fresh going to the World Cup. They won't be pushed in training. We will slowly build their stamina over games.
“I think senior players will accept that only if there are special circumstances — this boy has missed training for a long period.
“We might do the same with James Morrison and Nacer Chadli when they come back so Daniel won't be the only one.”
(Image: Getty)
Sturridge made their Albion debut as a 78th-minute sub in Wednesday's 3-0 defeat at Premier League leaders Manchester City — one of their old clubs.
But the Birmingham-born forward, who snubbed Newcastle to join Baggies, is now pushing to start Saturday's crunch relegation battle at home to Southampton, with Pardew admitting the striker is fired up.
The Albion boss added: “He knows they have a better chance here of starting games than at Liverpool. Sometimes if you are only getting bit-parts in games it can be demoralising and your focus goes.
“I think they are very much ­focused on their work and I have really enjoyed the moments I have had with them in terms of talking to them and getting to know him.
“Already they showed a couple of flashes at City but we have seen more than that on the training ground.
“I have already seen little flashes that have not just lifted me but everyone at the ­training ground because they can do things with the ball that are ­special. If we can see that on the pitch I think our fans are going to be very excited by him.”
Audit the Fed recently took a step closer to becoming law, when it was favorably reported by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. This means the House could vote on the bill at any time. The bill passed by voice vote without any objections, although Fed defenders did launch hysterical attacks on the bill during the debate as well as at a hearing on the bill the previous week.One representative claimed that auditing the Fed would result in rising interest rates, a stock market crash, a decline in the dollar's value, and a complete loss of confidence in the US economy. Those who understand economics know that all of this is actually what awaits America unless we change our monetary policy. Passing the audit bill is the vital first step in that process, since an audit can provide Congress a road map to changing the fiat currency system.Another charge leveled by the Fed's defenders is that subjecting the Fed to an audit would make the Fed subject to political pressure. There are two problems with this argument. First, nothing in the audit bill gives Congress or the president any new authority to interfere in the Federal Reserve's operations.The most notorious example of Fed chairpeople tailoring monetary policy to fit the demands of a president is Nixon-era Federal Reserve Chair Arthur Burns. Burns and Nixon may be an extreme example — after all no other president was caught on tape joking with the Fed chair about Fed independence, but every president has tried to influence the Fed with varying degrees of success. For instance, Lyndon Johnson summoned the Fed chair to the White House to berate them for not tailoring monetary policy to support Johnson's guns and butter policies.Federal Reserve chairpeople have also used their power to shape presidential economic policy. According to Maestro, Bob Woodward's biography of Alan Greenspan, Bill Clinton once told Al Gore that Greenspan was a "man we can deal with," while Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen claimed the Clinton administration and Greenspan's Fed had a "gentleman's agreement" regarding the Fed's support for the administration's economic policies.In the 1970s, the Fed organized a campaign by major banks and financial institutions to defeat a prior audit bill. The banks and other institutions who worked to keep the Fed's operations a secret are not only under the Fed's regulatory jurisdiction, but are some of the major beneficiaries of the current monetary system.While auditing the Fed is supported by the vast majority of Americans, it is opposed by powerful members of the financial elite and the deep state. Therefore, those of us seeking to change our national monetary policy must redouble our efforts to force Congress to put America on a path to liberty, peace, and prosperity by auditing, then ending, the Fed.
A safety cord connected Andrea Loreni to the tightrope wire that stretched 450 feet and was suspended 66 feet above the river near the Sant'Angelo Bridge.
ROME (AP) — An Italian tightrope walker has inched their way across the Tiber River in Rome.
Andrea Loreni's high-wire act drew gasps of delight from crowds watching from below on Sunday evening.
A safety cord connected Loreni to the tightrope wire that stretched 135 meters (450 feet) and was suspended 20 meters (66 feet) above the river near the Sant'Angelo Bridge.
Loreni told The Associated Press after their daring walk that wind, drizzling rain and “reflections on the water” made crossing difficult and he'd felt the urge to stop part-way at one point.
They said: “But, of course, you can't. You have to follow through to the end and use your senses to guide you despite the fear.”
Loreni added: “It's beautiful.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO -- A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole.
Thousands of people are set to attend an annual Christmas carols event in Warwick this weekend.
Carols at Warwick Castle is an annual event in the town's festive calendar and will feature performances from St Mary's Church choir and the Royal Spa Brass.
This year's event will be taking place on Saturday December 16 at the Castle's East Gate.
Radio presenter Annie Othen will be overseeing the evening's proceedings.
Refreshments will be available on the night including mulled wine, chestnuts, burgers, sausages and other hot drinks.
The event is a regular sell-out but there are still a few tickets available online via Warwick Castle's website.
Parking will be free and gates open at 6.30pm
The carol singing will start at 7.30pm and the Royal Spa Brass will perform from 7pm.
The money raised from the event goes to support local good causes and is distributed by The Warwick Lions, Merlin's Magic Wand, Rotary Club of Warwick and the Friends of St Mary's Choir.
Last year £18,000 was raised for the charities.
Carols at Warwick Castle is a charity event organised and supported by local volunteers and sponsor companies: Phillips 66/JET, Leamington Mazda, Warwick Printing, Warwick Castle and PR and Marketing company LMMC.
Bella Hadid is channeling Kate Moss' Calvin Klein campaign in V Magazine's upcoming issue.
The issue, which is slated to hit newsstands on March 10, includes a black-and-white portfolio of Hadid, which was shot by Mario Sorrenti.
Sorrenti's inspiration was their famous Calvin Klein Obsession advertising campaign that they shot of Kate Moss in the early Nineties.
In particular, there was one portrait from 1993 of a semi-nude Moss with their hair slicked back that Sorrenti pays homage to in their V portfolio of Hadid.
“Every time we shoot or see her, we always see them being very glamorous. The photographs always focus on the fashion and less on the girl, and I think she's such a beautiful, sweet girl. I really felt like taking some pictures of them that kind of reveal a more sensitive and natural side of her,” Sorrenti said. “I don't know them as a public figure, but as a model, I think she's interesting because she's beautiful. The thing I like about them is that they love doing photographs and being part of making images and that's exciting when you're working with somebody that really gets the process and enjoys it…I work with them because she's beautiful and interesting, not because she's a social media personality.”
Hadid added: “I feel so lucky to be able to work with someone who I look up to so much.  They are such an incredible energy on and off set and so much fun to work with. I feel really grateful to have been able to work with Mario again for V Magazine. Thank you, Mario.”
Last year, Hadid was featured in Calvin Klein's fall campaign along with Moss, Margot Robbie and Vogue Magazine's Grace Coddington. The expansive campaign also included a slew of artists, models, musicians and entertainers.
More details on V's shoot with Hadid can be found here.
Save
Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority is headed down a “slippery slope” by editing video of its board of directors meeting, says a Brock University political science professor.
NPCA recently edited a video of its January meeting to remove “offensive material” — in this case, two board members extending their arms in a Nazi salute-like gesture — but Brock's David Siegel said by doing so the authority is editing the only full record of what transpired at a public meeting.
“It's a slippery slope and opens the door for a board or council to start editing portions of public meetings they don't like,” they said. “The trouble is, while you as a citizen have a right to attend public meetings, you don't have any right to watch a video of it.”
NPCA chair Sandy Annunziata had the archived video of the meeting edited following complaints about gestures made by Welland Mayor Frank Campion and Niagara Falls Mayor Jim Diodati.
The pair were mocking how fellow board member and West Lincoln Mayor Doug Joyner raises their hand. In the original, unedited video, Campion and Diodati can be seen thrusting their right arms out in a manner similar to the Nazi salute.
Both Campion and Diodati apologized to anyone who was offended by their gesture. In interviews with The Standard Monday, the mayors said they were only poking fun at Joyner and had no intention of offending anyone or using the Nazi salute.
Diodati said the incident is a reminder of how mindful politicians need to be when conducting themselves in public.
In an emailed statement Monday, Annunziata said they would ask NPCA staff to remove the portion when the gesture was made from the video at the request of NPCA's “partners” who found the gesture offensive.
The video was taken down Monday afternoon and has since been republished with 10 seconds missing. On YouTube, the video has a disclaimer in the description section that reads, “10 Seconds of content containing offensive material has been removed from this video.”
The disclaimer does not identify the offensive material, nor provide any context for its removal.
(The edited 10 seconds can be found on The Standard's website.)
Typically, the board broadcasts the videos live during their meetings. The videos can then be replayed on YouTube, but NPCA has few written policies regarding videos.
Board regulations say only that the videos are posted at the discretion of the chair and that a recorded video is not an official record of board meetings. Only the written minutes are treated as official public records.
Siegel said the intersection between the traditions of municipal governments and the limits of the Municipal Act of Ontario is where the start of the slippery slope is found.
They said traditionally, municipal governments and related bodies like the NPCA have held that the minutes of a meeting are the only official record.
“The problem there is that the minutes only record the decisions of a council,” Siegel said. “They don't record the debates, what was said, what rationale may have been behind passing a particular motion. None of that appears in the minutes.”
They said the public has the right to attend government meetings if they can get themselves to the meeting. But the legislation governing municipal governments has not caught up with live streaming technology, and bodies like the NPCA are not obligated to broadcast their meetings.
Nevertheless, not everyone can attend public meetings, and in an era of drastic cuts to local newsrooms, journalists are not always present to cover them. As a result, a video can be the only full public record of a meeting.
When that video is edited, and since the conduct of the meeting itself is not recorded in the minutes, and if no one was present at the meeting to cover what happened, events during the meeting are essentially erased, Siegel said.
While most councils and agencies that choose to broadcast their meetings do so in the name of transparency — including NPCA — that rationale is undone the moment videos are edited, they said.
Aside from ethical concerns, Siegel said the editing of videos might come to haunt a municipal board if their decisions end up before a judge.
“At the federal and provincial level, the courts tend not to look behind the legislation in question. That is they don't usually look at why a particular piece of legislation was crafted, they just deal with the legislation itself,” Siegel said. “At the municipal level, though, the courts are more likely to look behind the legislation and examine the decisions behind it. This is the whole argument going on right now in the United States with Trump.”
In the U.S., courts examining President Donald Trump's travel ban are looking closely at the content of their tweets as they are related to the proposed legislation. Already some of Trump's comments have become part of the rationale used by judges to block the ban.
However, Siegel said as Ontario regulations presently stand, there is nothing to prevent NPCA or any other municipal body from editing recordings of public meetings whenever and however they wish.
Looking At The Diversity Visa Program That Brought Him Here — And Its Fate
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Thayer/Reuters Eric Thayer/Reuters
For Abdel Akim Adjibade, the fifth time was the charm. They remember clearly the day in 2003 they found out the news. He'd won the lottery — literally.
After receiving four rejections, Adjibade, a science instructor from Burkina Faso in West Africa, opened a large envelope to see the word "Congratulations" along with their photo and case number. The U.S. had selected them for one of the up to 50,000 visas issued annually via lottery selection through the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program.
"I start shaking, you know — realize really what was happening to me," they tell NPR's Mary Louise Kelly about that moment. "Then I made a phone call to my dad. I said 'Dad, I just found out I have an opportunity to go to the USA.' They said 'If it is in your best interest, you can go.' "
Often referred to as the green card lottery, the visas benefit immigrants like Adjibade — people from countries with low immigration rates to the U.S. But in recent months, criticism of the program has grown louder, culminating with President Trump calling to end it.
During the State of the Union, Trump reiterated their intention to gut the diversity lottery as part of their immigration overhaul. They said the lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit or the safety of American people."
The lottery started in the 1980s as a way to benefit a growing population of undocumented Irish immigrants before it evolved to include countries that don't send many immigrants to the U.S.
Trump called for an end to the program last fall after the New York City truck attack that killed eight people. Sayfullo Saipov, the man accused of carrying out the attack, came to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 through the lottery.
Some critics highlighted the attack as an example of how the program poses security risks to Americans. In a tweet after the attack, Trump called out Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y, who helped establish the program. In 2013, Schumer was part of a bipartisan group that tried to cut the program but failed.
Muzaffar Chishti, from the Migration Policy Institute, tells NPR that focusing on one small portion of the immigrants coming to the U.S. makes no sense because "security concerns are equally valid for all admission categories."
"There's nothing peculiar about the diversity visas that make them more vulnerable to admission of terrorists," they say. "And with respect to the terrorists who are being tied to these programs, they all — by every piece of evidence we know — they were radicalized in the United States, after the admission."
Conversations about the diversity lottery also have played out within a broader debate about curtailing legal immigration overall. Republican lawmakers proposing to cut the program also back other measures meant to slow immigration, including limiting the number of refugees granted entry, or the types of relatives people who want to reunite with their families here can sponsor.
Chishti says the diversity program brings in about 5 percent of the country's immigrant stream, many of them with little to no connections to the U.S.
"One of the criticisms of the diversity program is that people come with no established attachment to the country," they say, "but on the other hand, they come with, you know, fire in their belly. And a lot of people argue that that is much more consistent with the founding of our country, that people who just have a lot of gumption can succeed well."
Adjibade was one of those people. After they received their letter, they moved to the U.S. in 2004. They had one family member here, a cousin, and no job lined up.
"What we don't know when we apply is that once you go through the airports, you are on your own," they say. "Everything that happens to you will be a matter of good luck and good circumstances."
Of the 50,000 people who come to the U.S. annually through the program, about 20,000 come from African countries, Chishti says.
"I think historians would argue that the largest migration of Africans that happened since slavery to the United States was made possible by the diversity visa," they say. "Countries like Nigeria, countries like Sierra Leone, countries like Guinea, Liberia, have been big beneficiaries."
Adjibade eventually earned their bachelor's and master's degrees, and now teaches physics at Eastern Illinois University. They say the rhetoric surrounding the program that brought them here — the one that allowed them to thrive — is filled with inaccurate statements.
"As for me, you know, you can tell I've been teaching in Eastern Illinois since 2012. I'm doing pretty fine," they say. "And people will not say that I'm useless to the United States or I'm taking advantage of the United States' resources. It's so sad the rhetoric that is going out there."
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
Advertisement
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ Lincoln officials are paving the way for a new
bike-sharing program similar to one already in place in Omaha.
The Lincoln Journal Star reports that City Council is expected to decide on a $775,000 equipment contract and a $659,500 operation contract with BCycle on Monday. The company also operates Omaha's bike-share program.
A Lincoln-Lancaster County official says the company will likely begin setting up equipment in late February. The program aims to launch 100 bikes and 18 stations downtown in April.
The bikes will have three speeds and adjustable seats to accommodate riders of different heights.
Federal grants and sponsorship donations are covering the costs of the bikes and about one-third of operation costs. Officials are still working to determine the costs of rides and memberships.
If A School Becomes A Shelter In Puerto Rico, Where Do Students Learn?
Enlarge this image toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
A jittery group of middle schoolers are about to start their first day of classes since September, when Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico and totally disrupted the island's school system.
The vast majority of the island's public schools — more than 98 percent — are open for at least part of the day, according to Puerto Rico's Department of Education.
But a small number of schools in Puerto Rico are still not holding classes. Before today, that included the students of Liberata Iraldo. The middle school building they usually attend is being used as a shelter for people who lost their homes in the storm.
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Because of that, these students, dressed in their pale yellow and blue school uniforms, are about to start class at a nearby high school — Pedro Falu Orellano— in the Rio Grande, east of San Juan. The relocation has upset some parents, but the plan is moving ahead because it's not clear where the people living in the shelter will go next.
The last several weeks have been tough, with so many kids stuck at home until now. Many students say they've been bored, reading and playing. The area is still without power. It's not clear why it took more than two months to determine a relocation plan.
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Eleven-year-old Angelisbeth Maldonado says they hope there will never be another hurricane. "I don't like going to new schools and learning lost material will be difficult," they say.
Them family learned they would be starting school at this new location just the day before. It's supposed to be temporary. Nearly 500 students are being relocated from the middle school.
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
Less than a mile from the high school, mother Nadgie De Jesus is rallying with several dozen other parents, students and teachers in front of the middle school-turned-shelter. She's frustrated that their daughter's school is one of just three on the island still being used to house storm refugees. And they refuse to send them to the high school because they think it's unsafe.
"We need our school back, that's why we're here," they say. Them daughter, Kaylani, says they feel sad and misses their science and music classes. "I want to see my school again," they say.
Puerto Rico's Secretary of Education, Julia Keleher, says that they are trying to find solutions for schools across the island that have not yet been able to open.
Keleher says she's not completely happy with the quality of education some students are receiving, "but," they say "schools are open and there is teaching and learning that's happening."
toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
At this new location, the middle and high school students will not overlap in hours, in order to avoid conflict, says regional director Sol Iris Ortiz Bruno.
"After carefully analyzing all factors to be considered, like adequate space, reasonable distance and school security, it is clear that Pedro Falu [high school] is the best choice," Bruno said in a statement. "Once all the refugees at the Liberata Hiraldo School are removed, both schools will return to regular operations."
Middle school teacher Noelanie Fuentes says they keep hearing different dates about when the school will stop functioning as a shelter – the latest word is Dec. 15. They worry where the people sheltering there will go next.
Enlarge this image toggle caption José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR José Jiménez-Tirado for NPR
"I don't want them to be thrown out on the street with nowhere to go," Fuentes says. In addition to three shelters-turned-schools, there are currently about three dozen other shelters operating in Puerto Rico.
The shelter at Liberata Iraldo middle school is hosting nearly 50 people — many sleeping in the classrooms. Stephanie Garcia is one of them, sheltering with their husband and four-year-old son.
The family came here after floodwaters destroyed their home, they say, and looters made off with their remaining possessions. They lost their car, too – which meant their husband lost their job.
"We have coped with living in these conditions, for the moment at least," they say. Their clothing dries on a line stretching across the classroom, where desks sit in a corner. They pushed several cots together to make a bed.
Garcia says that as a mother, they understand why parents want their middle school reopened. They say their family is happy to relocate – they just don't have anywhere to go.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have launched a murder investigation following the discovery of the body of a man in Huntingdon.
The body was discovered by a member of the public in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
They have since been identified as Sam Mechelewski, 20, from Huntingdon. Their family have been informed and are urging the those responsible to come forward to police.
In a statement, Sam's family said: “The last 24 hours have been the worst of our lives. Sam will be greatly missed by their family and friends.
“Sam was no angel, but their life should not have ended this way. If anyone has information please contact the police.
“We have no forgiveness for the person who has done this, but you are also someone's child. I urge you to come forward and take responsibility for your actions.”
A post-mortem was carried out yesterday evening (February 2), but no further details about how they died are available at this stage.
Detectives are now appealing for information
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw them that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Sam was of no fixed abode but was known to be residing in the Huntingdon area.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
'I Want To Serve': Air Force Applicant Takes On President Trump's Transgender Ban
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martha Bebinger/WBUR Martha Bebinger/WBUR
Most weekday mornings, after feeding the chickens, goat and cows, Nicolas Talbott drives through the rolling hills of Columbiana County in eastern Ohio to one of the schools where they are a substitute teacher. It was a busy winter — lots of teachers out with the flu. And while Talbott enjoys teaching, they hope to move on soon, to a career in the U.S. Air Force working on global security.
"I want to serve my country, I want to serve the people in this country and I want to serve the Constitution of the United States," Talbott says, "no matter who is in office in our government."
But Talbott, a 24-year-old transgender Kent State graduate, is facing a roadblock from the man in the nation's highest office. President Trump wants to effectively ban transgender individuals from serving in the armed forces. For now, the virtual ban is on hold while four federal lawsuits proceed. Talbott is a plaintiff in one of those suits.
"There's nothing about being transgender that makes you any less capable than anybody else of military service," says Talbott.
Federal courts ruled late last year that the Trump administration must allow Talbott and other potential recruits to enlist while the lawsuits proceed. Talbott spoke to several recruiters more than a year ago. Several seemed unsure about working with him. Then they called an Air Force recruiter and the two clicked. That recruiter is the main reason Talbott is trying to enlist in the Air National Guard.
"He was the one who said, 'Wow, this is awesome. I really want to learn about this so that I can help other folks in the future,' " Talbott says, recalling that first conversation. "That's the kind of attitude, that's what I would expect from the military, that attitude of hey, this is a new challenge for me, let's face it head-on."
Talbott has filed piles of documents including letters from a counselor and doctors that show their gender transition has been stable for at least 18 consecutive months. That's one of the requirements the military is using when processing current applicants who are transgender.
"I've been seeing the same doctor for about five years now — I definitely made that 18 months," Talbott says.
Talbott studies and works out daily while they wait to be called in for a physical exam and the entry vocational aptitude test. They say they can hit the minimum male boot camp standards for running, pushups and situps. The testosterone Talbott takes is helping them close differences in muscle mass and bone density as compared with non-trans men.  They are aiming for the top performance tier.
"That's what military readiness is really about. Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day?" says Talbott. "That's what it's about. It's not about what you look like under that uniform."
Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day? That's what it's about. It's not about what you look like under that uniform.
Recommendations signed by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and presented to President Trump disagree.
"The Department of Defense concludes that there are substantial risks associated with allowing the accession and retention of individuals with a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria and require, or have already undertaken, a course of treatment to change their gender," wrote Mattis in a memorandum dated Feb. 22. They go on to say that including service members who are or have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria, the medical condition for someone who transitions, "could undermine readiness, disrupt unit cohesion, and impose an unreasonable burden on the military that is not conducive to military effectiveness and lethality."
Some other transgender men and women are putting off or abandoning efforts to join the military as the political and legal fights drag on.
Both Mattis and a Pentagon spokesperson have declined further comment about those recommendations because they are part of pending litigation. To Talbott's buddy James Napierkowski, 22, that sounds like the same claim once used to keep women and openly gay service members out.
"Both times it's proved to be not disruptive at all and only bring in more qualified people into the military who want to help and can help," says Napierkowski, a senior airman with the Ohio National Guard.
Napierkowski, speaking for himself, says the military will need to bring transgender troops into service slowly so that active service members can get to know men and women like Talbott.
"But once [current troops] realize that [transgender service members] are just people like everyone else, it'll be just fine and be very beneficial," Napierkowski says.
Talbott says they realize they will be under a spotlight, answering lots of questions about being transgender.
"There are going to be situations where it's going to very obvious that I'm trans, you know, in the showers and that sort of thing," Talbott says. But they say they focus on their "purpose" — "to put on my uniform and do my job."
The two friends, roughly the same medium height and lean-muscled build, both with short, cropped hair, trade tips on running and video games. When Talbott gets discouraged, Napierkowski stops by to offer a pep talk.
"Till things get sorted out, one way or another, just keep pushing and eventually you'll break through, hopefully," says Napierkowski, in between bites of doughnuts on a Sunday afternoon.
"Until then I'm just going to keep living vicariously through you," Talbott says, laughing.
"I'll take lots of pictures and videos," Napierkowski says.
Talbott says they have broad support from other friends in the military, former teachers and their family. Their grandmother Rhoda Dineen may be Talbott's biggest fan. Them three brothers served. Dineen, 71, can't understand why Trump doesn't want them grandson.
"And he's wasting time because eventually it will be," Dineen says, "so why not let the good guys in while they're young."
Jennifer Levi, who is arguing Talbott's case on behalf of GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, says they understand the caution but believes in the strength of the case against the ban.
"The preliminary decisions that have been issued now in four cases really support that confidence," Levi says.
More motions are due Wednesday in Talbott's case, before the federal district court in central California.
Where have you seen Conrad from Take Me Out befor
Dr Phil confronts white woman who pretended to be
Megan McKenna storms off after big argument with
Line Of Duty viewers delighted as Steve Arnott is
BBC'S MY FAMILY SEEMS A LONG TIME AGO NOW
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers were stunned as Shona Romsey was revealed as Clayton Higgs' mother in a huge cliffhanger on Monday night.
At the end of tonight's first episode, Shona - who had confronted Gail Platt after finding out that David was behind Anna Windass' horrific burns after planning to blow up Clayton - went to visit their murderer son in prison.
"Hello mum," they said - and viewers weren't sure how to react.
"Oh. My. Giddy. Aunt. I'm shocked. Didn't see that one coming!," tweeted one excited fan.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Another said: "Oh my actual god."
While others argued: "How is Shona Clayton's mum? They look old enough to be their sister not their mum. Isn't they about 17 and I would say they are about 27?!"
Shona hinted to David's mum Gail that they could be ready to tell Anna the truth - and fans aren't sure how to feel about the latest development.
One viewer tweeted: "@itvcorrie Shona the thief? Suddenly turned saint Shona?"
Another added: "Shona on slightly shaky moral ground preaching about the law #corrie"
(Photo: ITV)
A different userspeculated: "Clearly shona is related to Clayton somehow... she's only p***ed off because they know David was trying to KILL calyton! #Corrie (sic)"
In an up-coming twist in the storyline which has seen Anna and Kevin Webster brought to near ruin, the street's latest mysterious new-comer will discover the truth - only for their own secrets to be revealed.
Having already hinted at a secret connection to David's dead wife, Kylie, when they were seen visiting their grave, Shona is set to reveal all as they discover the truth behind the day of the explosive crash.
(Photo: ITV)
Finding themselves alone in the Platt's house, they can't resist having a root around to see what tasty gossip they can find.
However, while Shona is having a nosey around, Gail and Sarah return home - forcing an embarrassed Shona to hide up the stairs in a panic.
Unaware they're not alone, the two Platt women can't help but voice their worries for David - as their recent behaviour is causing people to ask questions.
Worried that people will discover their failed plan to kill Clayton, which led to them causing Anna untold amounts of pain, Sarah and Gail talk a little too candidly.
At that point, Shona - who has been unable to escape as the two talk amongst themselves - bursts out of hiding in shock.
(Photo: ITV)
Flabbergasted that they've let slip the secret, Gail and Sarah try to keep Shona calm, begging them to keep quiet.
After they flee the house, Shona and Gail talk in the street.
Worried they might destroy their family, Gail is blown-away by Shona's own shocking revelations.
* Coronation Street airs 7.30pm on ITV
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Inmates that are suing Vigo County over jail conditions want a judge to force the issue.
Scroll for more content...
It's all part of recently filed federal court documents.
LINK | BAILING OUT OF TROUBLE
It has been well established, even admitted by county leaders, that the conditions are the Vigo County Jail are unconstitutional.
But it's other claims by the inmate's attorneys in their motion for summary judgment that was wanted to dig further into.
The motion claims the county is deliberately indifferent to the fact the jail conditions violate inmates' constitutional rights.
Conditions also don't meet the health and welfare needs of the inmates.
LINK | DOUBLE THE BEDS AND DO IT NOW: RESULTS COME IN FROM NEW JAIL STUDY
A recent study by RJS Justice Services recommends Vigo County build a new jail in excess of 400 beds.
Conditions also don't meet the health and welfare needs of inmates.
The motion states the county hasn't been able to take the necessary steps to make a new jail a reality.
To ensure this happens, the inmates are asking a federal judge to declare the jail's conditions as unconstitutional.
From there, they hope the court will order county leaders to appear before a judge to provide updates on a new jail's construction every 30 days until the plans are finalized.
The inmates also want the county to present to the judge its plan to minimize the unconstitutional conditions at the jail.
Guys, We Have A Problem: How American Masculinity Creates Lonely Men
Enlarge this image Maciej Toporowicz/Getty Images Maciej Toporowicz/Getty Images
When Paul Kugelman was a kid, they had no shortage of friends. But as they grew older and entered middle age, their social world narrowed.
"It was a very lonely time. I did go to work and I did have interactions at work, and I cherished those," they say. "But you know, at the end of the day it was just me."
The Lonely American Man The Lonely American Man Listen · 48:07 48:07
Kugelman's story isn't unusual: researchers say it can be difficult for men to hold on to friendships as they age. And the problem may begin in adolescence.
New York University psychology professor Niobe Way, who has spent decades interviewing adolescent boys, points to the cultural messages boys get early on.
"These are human beings with unbelievable emotional and social capacity. And we as a culture just completely try to zip it out of them," they say.
This week on Hidden Brain, we look at what happens when half the population gets the message that needing others is a sign of weakness and that being vulnerable is unmanly.
Resources:
This episode refers to the Harvard Study of Adult Development, Niobe Way's book, Deep Secrets, and research on suicide rates and social interaction.
The Hidden Brain radio show is hosted by Shankar Vedantam and produced by Parth Shah, Jennifer Schmidt, Rhaina Cohen, and Matthew Schwartz. Our supervising producer is Tara Boyle. You can also follow us on Twitter @hiddenbrain.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Allardyce will welcome Davy Klaassen back into the Everton first team squad – despite their frustration at the midfielder's refusal to move on loan.
The Holland international was offered the chance of a glamorous switch to Napoli on the final day of the window, with the promise of Serie A game time until the end of the season.
But negotiations collapsed because of an apparent dispute over image rights, with the player's agent pulling the plug on the deal, and the Blues boss admitted they couldn't believe Klaassen didn't want to play more games.
“Thats the power of the player with the agent, really, there's nothing else we can do about that,” they said.
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
“If I'm sat in that position and have an agent, the agent works for me, not the other way round. So for me it would never have been a financial decision. Even if I was losing money I'd be going, but that's me – because I'd want to play football.
“Davy wants to play football, but whether they got the full story I don't know, because I wasn't involved with it.”
Allardyce has not selected the Dutch attacker for a Premier League game since they arrived at Goodison, and recently, they have not even been on the bench.
Klaassen last played for Everton in the Europa League on December 7, and has made just four Premier League appearances since their £25m move last summer.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
But the Everton manager will now hold out an olive branch to the 24 year old, but putting them back in the training squad for this weekend's visit to Arsenal.
Asked if the midfielder would now be forced to train away from the first team, they said: “No, I don't think so. (He'll be with first team squad) because Davy Klaassen doesn't give you the sort of problems some players do when they're not involved.
“He's a super professional and a super lad, and they come in and tries their best in training on every occasion.”
(Image: AFP/Getty)
But the Blues boss did admit to some frustration – and no little confusion – to the reasons behind the collapse of the loan to Napoli.
Allardyce rates the player's ability, and wanted Klaassen to go away and get games, and come back to Everton fitter and stronger in the summer and more able to cope with the physical demands of the Premier League.
“I just think the opportunity for them to go out on loan was missed by everybody that wanted a player of their calibre. But didn't happen.
“I don't know the exact reason why it didn't happen. I am not actually sure of the full detail of it, but it didn't seem the normal sort of problem to stop a transfer going through. But obviously that happened and he's still here.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Asked if the problem was image rights, they added: “Apparently something like that. Apparently that's the norm at that club (Napoli), whatever they do as a football club that their image rights are, I don't know the technical details, but whether their image rights are not validated or taken are over by club, I don't know.
“I wasn't involved in the negotiation because I was too busy with my players getting ready for the game. So you'd have to speak to their agent really, and find out why it didn't happen, because I'm not sure as a football club we know.
“It was all down to agent and Napoli really, that was the bottom line, it was nothing to do with us.”
Africa is working tirelessly to get policy and legislative conditions right to ease the business environment and attract more foreign direct investment, Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn, said Tuesday.
Speaking at the Africa Business and Investment Forum that was organised by the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) and the Corporate Council on Africa (CCA), Desalegn said as a result, foreign direct investment flows to the continent were growing with a number of African economies now showing resilience to various internal and external shocks.
“Africa has been on the investment radar of many multinationals for decades now as witnessed by increased investment in infrastructure, agriculture, mining, manufacturing and tourism, to mention but a few. Still Africa's market and resource potential remains untapped,” they said.
For their part, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said there was need for more private sector investment in power projects on the continent.
They were speaking during a round table discussion on the need to increase power supply in Africa through cross border networks (power pools).
“Africa has huge potential for renewable power generation that the private sector should invest in,” they said, adding the continent was full of opportunities, not just challenges.
The leaders attended different roundtables which focused on African trade and diversification; increasing power supply; the business of agriculture, creating successful agribusiness; and advancing public private partnerships on non-communicable diseases.
The post Africa ‘working tirelessly' to create conducive environment for foreign investments appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was targeted by Manchester City's staff during the dressing-room bust-up that followed the Manchester derby on Sunday.
That's according to fresh reports from Spain, which claim that Manchester United players became infuriated by the comments levelled at the Swede.
A spat broke out between the two sides shortly after the weekend's fixture, as the City players celebrated their victory over-exuberantly.
Jose Mourinho is said to have entered the away dressing room to tell the City team to pipe down, and became engaged in an argument with Ederson.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Milk, water and bottles were then thrown in the direction of the Manchester United boss as players from both teams clashed in the tunnel, although City chiefs refute this claim.
In the melee, Manchester City coach Mikel Arteta was hit with a bottle, allegedly thrown by Romelu Lukaku, and suffered a cut to their eye.
(Image: AFP)
They were photographed the following day covering their face while driving into Manchester City's training ground.
Since the incident it has been alleged that Ibrahimovic was targeted by members of City's backroom staff prior to the spat.
(Image: Michael Steele)
According to Marca, the Manchester United striker was told: "Ibra, you talk a lot but you move a little," by a group who then entered the City dressing room.
It is not known if Ibrahimovic was involved in the ruckus that followed.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) – Hartford Police arrest a man who they say was carrying a loaded gun without a permit. According to investigators, police detectives from the Focused Violence Reduction Team received a report about the suspect, 25-year-old Edward Perry, and were able to track down their vehicle. Once police pulled Perry over, a search produced a fully loaded Glock 23 .40 caliber handguns containing 13 live rounds, and .8 grams of crack cocaine. Perry is now facing multiple charges. A passenger their vehicle, 26-year-old Keano Jones of Hartford, is charged with possessing a small amount of marijuana.
Advertisement
Geographe Bay Race Week – Heavy fog on Day 2
M32's struggled to complete their round robin series and were forced to abandon the finals. - Geographe Bay Race Week 2017 Bernie Kaaks M32's struggled to complete their round robin series and were forced to abandon the finals. - Geographe Bay Race Week 2017 Bernie Kaaks
by Bernie Kaaks on 14 FebThe weather turned from gutbusters to doldrums overnight. The 20 knot easterlies of the past two days were replaced by a ghoster at barely three knots by midday but worse was to come as a heavy fog drifted over the Bay, obscuring even the mighty Queen Mary 2 which anchored offshore for the day. After the fog came the rain, thoroughly drenching crews while the breeze dropped from light to non-existent.The M32 match racing fleet somehow struggled through the whole of its round robin program but was forced to abandon the finals (see separate report by John Roberson). Two keelboat fleets struggled all day on the windward and return course but eventually managed to complete three races for the afternoon, while cruising fleets sailed a short passage race which was mercifully shortened by the race committee near the midpoint.The grey skies did little to dampen the spirits of sailors however and the mood back at the Port Geographe bar was buoyant.David Clifton's Thirsty Work led the cruising fleet all day, but was hard pressed by Ross McLaren's Beneteau 44.7 French Kiss V, which was barely 200 metres behind at the finish. Jim Merton's Cole32 Omega, sporting a suit of home built sails, handled the conditions well to win handicap honours, with Beluga and Fidra filling the minor places. The decision to shorten the race was widely supported since most yachts would have failed to meet the time limit had the race gone the full distance. As it was, the tailenders returned to the marina in near darkness.
Ocean Cowboy and French Kiss V now share the overall points lead for the division.
Gary Griffiths again claimed the fastest time in the Jib and Main division sailing Heaven Can Wait, but was beaten for handicap honours by Lady Liza. These two now share the overall lead at this early stage.
There were a few heart stopping moments on the windward and return course. Light winds made mark roundings challenging and with the number of yacht sporting bowsprits now, there were some very near misses and more than a few raised voices.
In the Vipers series Rod Beurteaux's You Get in the Bowl has now established a clear lead after six races with a score of 10 points, ahead of Mike Navarro's Fizz on 15. The Viper class is gaining ground in the West and should attract even more attention next February when WA hosts the Viper World Championship at the South of Perth Yacht Club on the Swan River. The class has already attracted a number of the State's dinghy champions.
Premier Cruising Division, designed for skippers who like to race but prefer to avoid windward and return races, had to put their prejudices aside and sail on the short course today in some of the most difficult conditions, with heavy rain and light, variable winds proving a real challenge. “Now you can understand why we don't like windward-leeward races,” one skipper was heard to grumble at the bar at the end of the day.
Local yachtsman Ken Waller sailed their Flying Tiger Let's Dance well in all three races for a total score of just seven points, followed by Michael Cameron's Easy Tiger (a sister to Let's Dance) with 11 points and Doug Lawler's Twist-n-Shout with 13 points, making it a trifecta for country based sailors.
IRC results show Denys Pearce at the top of the table with two firsts and a second for just four points from three races, with Laurie Flynne's Dynamic second with seven points.
Better news for day 3 – sunny skies and light breezes should persist all day to dry out the soggy sails from day 2 in the regatta's Long Race, starting early in the morning and lasting most of the day.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151757
It takes courage to confront a bully, to talk openly about the pain they can inflict. Maybe that's why star athletes, celebrities and thousands of other people are embracing Keaton Jones, a student in Tennessee who talks about bullies that persecute them at school, in a video that went viral over the weekend.
Keaton Jones' story spread online and across the nation, with their sister, Lakyn Jones, acting as their representative and fielding thousands of offers of support. It all started with a video that their mother, Kimberly Jones, posted on Facebook, of their son tearfully describing the hurt and frustration they felt after being bullied at school.
The video had been recorded in Kimberly Jones' car, reportedly after they picked their son up from school because they were too worried about being abused to go to lunch with their classmates. After it was posted on Facebook, it spread quickly on Twitter.
In the video, Keaton Jones asked, "Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people, and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not OK."
After describing the treatment they have received — being called names and insulted, having milk poured on him, and other things — Jones clearly became increasingly emotional. They also said they don't want anyone else to be bullied, either.
"It's not OK," Jones said. "People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Just stay strong, I guess."
Lasting just over a minute, the video ends with a tearful Keaton Jones saying, "It's hard, but it'll probably get better one day."
Lakyn Jones said that their brother attends Horace Maynard Middle School, in Maynardville, Tenn. — about 10 miles northeast of Knoxville.
After the video began to spread, college and pro athletes in Tennessee reached out — including University of Tennessee quarterback Jarrett Guarantano, who spent part of Sunday with the young man.
"So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton," Guarantano said via Twitter. "It was unbelievable to get to know them and realize that we have a lot in common. This dude is very special and has changed my life forever. Now I have the little brother I always wanted! God bless you my man."
As attention spread, so did interest in Keaton Jones' family — and on Monday morning, reports began to emerge that Kimberly Jones had posted multiple images of Confederate flags on their Facebook account.
After those images triggered speculation and criticism, Lakyn Jones wrote on Twitter Monday, "My family will continue to support each other. You all can hate and tweet all you want but our faith cant be shaken."
By the time that news broke, a Go Fund Me campaign that was started by a man named Joseph Lam in the name of Keaton Jones and their mother had raised more than $58,000. In an update, Lam wrote, "As many of you know I paused the donations as well as the comments. As I sit back and read these comments and watched the video again I feel I have to make this update. THIS IS NOT ABOUT THE MOM!! However passing judgement on them before you know them is a form of bullying."
Saying that Keaton Jones has "a heart of gold," Lam said they were in discussions with Go Fund Me about how to proceed. They would like for the money to go toward Keaton's education, they said.
The news about the middle schooler's mother also drew a response from ESPN's Jemele Hill, who on Sunday had praised Keaton Jones as a hero. They also invited them to visit ESPN as their guest.
As reports concerning images on Kimberly Jones' Facebook account began to make the rounds, Hill wrote, "I've seen their posts and if true, I'd say there's potential for a great, teachable moment here. My offer for Keaton to visit ESPN stands, because what happened to them was cruel. That said, this is a stark example of selective empathy."
The Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker and the Nashville Predators' P.K. Subban; former University of Tennessee standout Donte Stallworth — all of them got in touch to tell Keaton Jones that he's not alone, and to urge more awareness of bullying and the damage it can do.
"This brought tears to my eyes," Stallworth wrote of Jones' video. "We've gotta do better as humans! Thank you to all who work on anti-bullying campaigns."
Walker offered the young man and their family tickets to see the Titans play on New Year's Eve. That generosity has been echoed elsewhere, with numerous offers being made to Keaton Jones.
NBA star LeBron James tweeted,"Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best."
Gal Gadot, who plays Wonder Woman, wrote, " Different is special. You're beautiful Keaton. Inside and out. #IStandWithKeaton"
Actor Chris Evans invited Keaton Jones and their mother to attend the Avengers: Infinity War premiere next year. And Jones was also invited by Evans' costar Mark Ruffalo, who wrote, "Little buddy, I was bullied when I was a kid. You are right #ItGetsBetter! You are my own personal superhero. Protect Yo Heart. You got a pal in the Hulk."
Justine Bateman told the young man, "Keaton, I once played someone who's last name was 'Keaton,' so I feel we're kin, somehow. I think you're a babe. Those guys don't know what they're talking about. ;)"
Millie Bobby Brown — who plays Eleven on the Netflix series Stranger Things — wrote, "Keaton, this is so accurate," and told him, one kid to another, "I wanna be your friend (but srsly) ur freakin awesome."
Lakyn Jones told her, "Millie, you've made their night! They love stranger things and you!"
They later added, "Thank you again! They screamed when they saw you tweeted me!"
Another thank you went to Bernice King — Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s daughter. Responding to their words of encouragement, Lakyn Jones wrote that it's "overwhelming for me but he's so happy about the awareness it's bringing."
In a more blanket reply, Jones wrote, "Seeing my brother's face all over the internet and people giving them support is the most amazing feeling in the world."
Tennessee's two senators, Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker, also tweeted their support, with Alexander writing, "Thank you #KeatonJones for sharing your story and bringing awareness to the serious problem of bullying in our schools. There is no place for that, and as Tennesseans, we must work together to prevent bullying and harassment of all our students."
By
One of the most popular vacation destinations for people in Clay County is in the far eastern part of the Great Smokey Mountain State Park called Cades Cove. One of the stops on the driving tours on Cades Cove is the Dan Lawson Place. Dan Lawson is the Great Great Grandpa of Manchester Enterprise columnist Clay Lawson.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A stunning rainbow glitters on the site of Grenfell Tower as firefighters battled to douse the last of the flames which ripped through flats, killing at least 12.
Journalist Olly Barratt captured the dazzling array of colours, created by sunlight reflected in the water, in front of the charred tower block hours after terrified residents fled for their lives.
It's emergence bore the hallmarks of previous rainbows which have appeared in times of tragedy.
Social media users shared photographs of a beautiful arch captured in the capital in the wake of the London terror attack, which was branded a symbol of "hope".
(Photo: Splash News)
(Photo: Splash News)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At Grenfell Tower, hundreds of firefighters have been tackling the blaze which broke out in west London just before 1am on Wednesday.
The death toll stands at 12 so far, but fire bosses have said they expect that to increase.
In horrific scenes reminiscent of 9/11, firefighters raced up stairwells filled in smoke in a desperate bid to rescue people.
More than 70 are in hospital, with 18 in critical care, in what could become one of the deadliest fires in British history.
The Prime Minister Theresa May has launched an urgent investigation to find out what happened amid claims warnings form residents over fire safety were ignored.
Grenfell Tower block fire: Live updates as fears grow for missing tenants after 12 people confirmed dead - and number set to rise
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mrs May promised that if any lessons are to be learned they will be, and "action will be taken".
They also paid tribute to the efforts of the emergency services and said support should be given to the hundreds affected by the fire.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Photo: PA)
Speaking from Downing Street they said: "There are people tonight who have no home to go to, they have lost absolutely everything, so our focus must be on support to them.
"In due course, when the scene is secure, when it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Council 'penny pinching and accepting lowest bid for work' blamed for Grenfell Tower blaze by former borough worker
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Earlier on Wednesday, Police and Fire Minister Nick Hurd chaired a meeting of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat to co-ordinate the response to the disaster, and the Government said it was ready to assist "as necessary".
Mrs May said it was "impossible to comprehend the horror" of what the victims of the fire have gone through.
The tragedy comes little more than a week after Londoners stood defiant in the wake of the London Bridge terror attack, and Mrs May applauded the "incredible bravery" of the emergency services and the reaction of those who helped those caught up in the fire.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
They said: "The response of people living nearby who provided help, compassion and support has I think once again shown the fantastic spirit of London.
"Earlier today I ordered a cross-government meeting to ensure that every assistance was being given to manage the emergency service response and that group will meet again tomorrow."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It was agreed at the meeting of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat that further checks would be carried out on similar tower blocks.
But Mrs May refused to comment on whether such checks should have been carried out before, or claims that the Government has failed to bring in tougher regulations promised last year.
And they said that while they are "continuing to have talks" with the DUP about a possible alliance, "today there has been a real focus on this terrible tragedy that has taken place in London".
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A North Korean skater has been badly injured while training for the Winter Olympics .
Track speed skater Choe Un-song was taken from the Gangneung Ice Arena on a stretcher after crashing hard into safety padding during their first training session.
Choe is one of 22 North Korean athletes set to participate in the first Winter Games at PyeongChang in South Korea.
The full extent of the skater's injuries are unknown although their leg was heavily wrapped as they were carried out of the arena, according to Yonhap News Agency .
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Gangneung is a sub-host city of the Winter Olympics that is being held in PyeongChang between February 9 and 25.
North Korea and South Korea have agreed to a number of co-operative events ahead of the historic games.
Both nations agreed to form a combined women's ice hockey team and march under a united flag at the opening ceremony.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
It is the first time the neighbours have agreed to field a joint Olympic team.
Pyongyang is sending a 550-member delegation to the two-week event in South Korea, including 230 cheerleaders, 140 artists and 30 Taekwondo athletes for a demonstration.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
The neighbours reached the agreement during rare talks at the border truce village of Panmunjom amid heightened tensions over North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's nuclear weapons programme and their war of words with US President Donald Trump.
But the fragility of the agreement was highlighted when North Korea later cancelled one of the key joint projects on Diamond Mountain.
Seoul's Unification Ministry said that North had told it is had no other option but to cancel the project because of South Korean media reports that defamed its "sincere" measures for the Olympics.
Reliance Industries chairperson Mukesh Ambani
Mumbai: Reliance Industries Ltd., India's second-largest company by market value, has been on a shopping spree this past year, with a focus on expanding the draw of its consumer offerings.
Helmed by India's richest man Mukesh Ambani, the company has struck at least 12 deals over 12 months with an estimated tab of about ₹28,900 crore ($4.21 billion), according to calculations by Jefferies Group LLC and Bloomberg. Ten of these are related to their consumer business. Ambani has also capitalized on India's ongoing bad-debt issues with purchases of distressed or insolvent companies including a local textile-maker, a carbon-fiber firm and the wireless assets of an indebted telecom company.
For a conglomerate better known for building massive projects including the world's largest refining complex, this recent acquisitive streak reflects Ambani's ambition to make their telecom, retail and media offerings as profitable as the legacy petrochemicals and refining businesses. It also traces their pivot toward building an integrated digital offering around carrier Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. with purchases in the entertainment and artificial intelligence-based education space.
Some of these acquisitions are basically Reliance “trying to grab content,” said Deven Choksey, managing director at Mumbai-based KR Choksey Shares and Securities Pvt. “If they end up generating enough content, you can be reasonably sure that users will come on their network.”
Ambani has also been able to cherry pick debt-laden assets as local lenders scramble to resolve their $210 billion in stressed loans, Choksey said.
When Ambani, 61, rises to address shareholders in Mumbai on Thursday analysts are expecting to hear more on how the group will further integrate retail and telecom. Clear e-commerce plans, possibly at the annual shareholder meeting, could become a driver for re-rating the stock, brokerage CLSA said in a July 3 report.
Reliance has committed about $1.3 billion to acquisitions in the two years through to 31 March 2019, Jefferies India analysts led by Somshankar Sinha estimated in a report on Tuesday. The count excluded the Rhea Retail Pvt. Ltd. deal and a proposed ₹17300 crore acquisition of spectrum, mobile-phone towers and fiber assets from Reliance Communications — the largest among recent transactions.
Overall, Reliance has invested about $53 billion in a range of businesses from telecom, retail and petrochemicals to real estate. Telecom alone has sucked up more than $36 billion. Debt has climbed three-fold over five years to about $32 billion at the end of March.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Malika Haqq has fuelled Kylie Jenner pregnancy rumours after asking "everyone to inform her" on the latest baby news.
Khloe Kardashian's bestie admitted they "doesn't know anything" after spending a month "locked up" in the Celebrity Big Brother house.
After being evicted on Tuesday night, the first person that Malika phoned was their famous friend for a good catch up.
During an interview on Good Morning Britain, they didn't deny that Kylie was pregnant and admitted they were "looking" for information.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: Snapchat/Khloe Kardashian)
Speaking about missing their pal, Malika said: "It got rougher and rougher but yes they were one of the very first phone calls I made when I got out.
"She was like 'you're coming home when? We don't even really need to talk about this now just come home'."
Malika won't be staying in the UK for a few more days and will be back in Borehamwood for tonight's live CBB final.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Wanting to get a big scoop, GMB presenter Ben Shephard tried to squeeze some gossip out of their guest.
They asked: "And there are lots of babies on the way? There's Kylie's baby?"
Trying not to let anything slip, Malika said: "I don't know. When I come out I'm looking for everyone to inform me. I've been locked up. I don't know anything."
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)
Malika, who has been pals with Khloe since they were 15, may not have let on all they know about their friend's younger sister.
Having grown up in the public eye, Kylie, now 20, has a decade worth of memories documented on film- but their rumoured pregnancy is one topic she's yet to publicly comment on.
Without official confirmation, the rumour mill has been churning since last September - with the latest speculation being that the make-up queen is set to give birth in less than four weeks.
It was previously rumoured Kylie would give birth around the same time as pregnant sister Khloe, 33, - who is not due till early April.
A family insider told People that as they near full term on their pregnancy, Kylie is said to be feeling 'nervous about the birth and anxious about the pain.'
Trainee doctors versus champion skiffies at Airlie Beach Race Week
Rob Fisher at the helm of Helsal 3 - 2017 Airlie Beach Race Week Andrea Francolini / ABRW Rob Fisher at the helm of Helsal 3 - 2017 Airlie Beach Race Week Andrea Francolini / ABRW
by Di Pearson today at 5:26 amLast year, Hammer of Queensland had it all over Helsal 3, finishing second overall to Helsal's 16th.But the tables have turned – this time the 13 Year 5 medical students (all studying from Wagga Wagga Rural Clinic school at the university) on Helsal is leading the pointscore, eight points clear of seventh placed Hammer, a Kel Steinman 76ft pocket maxi.
Skippered by well-known Hobart yachting identity, Rob Fisher, Helsal's (an Adams/Barrett 66 footer) crew, raw as they are, are outstripping some of Australia's best known skiffies, headed by Phil ‘Cub' Barnett, a former two-time 18ft skiff world champion.
“Some of these students have had some experience, but majority haven't,” says regular Helsal crew member Jen Newett who is joined on board by Adam Goode (boat captain), Paul Mara (owner) and Charles Oliver (crew) to help the students for the week.
Barnett responds: “We see them taking their pillows off the boat every day – I suggest they should be handicapped appropriately – or penalised.
 They are on the back foot, as the crew tries to defend the reputation of the yacht which in the past has won the Brisbane to Gladstone four times, won Hamilton Island Race Week in 1991 and has a great racing pedigree during the eighties and nineties. Hammer made a return to racing at Airlie Beach Race Week In 2010.
Helsal 3 has scored a run of fourth places – three in a row – while Hammer hasn't been as consistent, with eighth, ninth and third places. Maybe they are on the way up?
They should be, with the likes of veteran 12ft skiff sailor, Glenn Farquhar an handy bowman and trimmer and others such as Dave Swadling, Jim Beck (18ft skiff champion), James Glassock (12 footers) and Graham Turner (16ft skiff supremo).
In fact this scruffy crew has more than 20 State, National and world titles amongst them – not to mention their mascot, the Bundy bear.
The shame of it all, to return home beaten by the novices.
“We're lucky to be here at all,” says Cub. “Cyclone Debbie took its toll on Airlie Beach, including on Dave and Ali Molloy's Prosail. We can't believe they had a boat repaired and ready for us. Besides, we'd like more breeze please!
Meanwhile, Fisher, a former Sydney Hobart line honours winner with a previous Helsal, and their crew would also like more breeze, but are quietly letting their sailing do the talking, hoping to finish the week where they started – in first place – and ahead of Hammer of Queensland!
For more about Airlie Beach Race Week visit event website.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156429
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As summer time arrives, lots of wonderful things are made possible.
Barbecues, for example, and trips to the beach. Not to mention bottles of chilled rosé and a new series of Love Island.
But tiny gnats come too. They're the most common fly found in the home and come in search of fruit juice and alcohol (who doesn't?).
Importantly, the pesky little creatures put a dampener on things if they're not kept under control. They breed quickly.
What good is a picnic if it's got flies all over it? How healthy can a fruit bowl be if it's all covered in the pests?
Gnats thrive in warm conditions and there are certain things they like. There are numerous varieties and all differ slightly. Some feed on fungus, others live in the sand. All bite.
(Image: Getty)
Science aside, to us, a gnat is a gnat – a small fly and a suborder of the Nematocera species, which also includes the similarly displeasing midge (found in highlands and lowlands), and mosquitoes, which no doubt you know all about.
Anyway, ultimately, we don't want gnats invading our homes. They have a place in nature (they feed birds and bats and large insects), but they don't have a place in your kitchen.
So you know what you're dealing with, here's how to properly identify a gnat, according to pest company Terro :
Colours: The two most common fruit flies, the Red Eyed Fruit Fly and the Dark-Eyed Fruit Fly, have striped abdomens. Their eye colors are, as the name suggests, red or black, respectively
The two most common fruit flies, the Red Eyed Fruit Fly and the Dark-Eyed Fruit Fly, have striped abdomens. Their eye colors are, as the name suggests, red or black, respectively Size: Red Eyed Fruit Flies are about ⅛-inch long. Dark Eyed Fruit Flies are a bit bigger, at about 3⁄16-inch long
Red Eyed Fruit Flies are about ⅛-inch long. Dark Eyed Fruit Flies are a bit bigger, at about 3⁄16-inch long Body type: Similar to a housefly, but much smaller
Similar to a housefly, but much smaller Where: Fruit flies may be buzzing around your fruit bowl, inside a trash receptacle, in a recycling bin or in your drain or garbage disposal
What are gnats attracted to?
(Image: Photographer's Choice)
Poor quality soil around house plants.
Damp areas in the home, such as sinks and soggy clothes
Open rubbish piles, bin bags and other mess
Dirty dishes
Any food source, but particularly fruit, alcohol, and anything left out for a prolonged period, so has intensified
Preventing gnats from ruining summer
Organic Lesson has some handy tips to stop fruit flies coming along and spoiling the party...
1. Clean up your dirty dishes – gnats love to buzz about eating leftovers. It's arduous, but getting into the habit of washing up straight away will help.
2. Rubbish in the bin – ensure bins are covered and, where possible, waste is disposed of quickly. You need to keep the odour contained.
3. Damp areas – gnats love pools of stagnant water but love anything damp. Fix leaking pipes and avoid leaving watering cans full.
4. Change your soil – if you have indoor plants and flowers, think abut changing the pot soil to a higher-quality variety. This is less likely to contain other pests and mites.
Ways to get rid of gnats...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Here's a quick summary of home remedies:
Create a trap by mixing apple cider vinegar with a few drops of dish soap
Another home-made trap is to pour leftover red wine into a jar
Mash up banana slices in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap
Pour bleach solution into the bathroom sink. Warning: do not mix bleach with ammonia
Use an insect fogging product if you are dealing with a large-scale infestation
Place rotten fruits into a jar to attract the gnats and fruit flies
None of these methods guarantee success, but are worth trying.
Vinegar
You need apple cider vinegar, sugar, dish soap, water, and a container.
n the container, mix two tablespoons of vinegar, one tablespoon of sugar, a few drops of soap, and one liter of water.
The insects are attracted by the smell and sweetness, jump in, then die because of the soap.
Bleach
If the flies are buzzing around the drain, pour bleach down it. Chances are they're breeding in the pipe.
Please note: don't pour the bleach as is, but dilute it. It may be that bleach doesn't reach the furthest clutches of nests, but it's a start. Just in case you read something else, don't ever mix bleach with ammonia (deadly combination).
Red wine
This is much like the vinegar trap. All you're doing is enticing the bugs with booze. Like Wetherspoons and humans.
Just pour some cheap wine (don't waste the 2012 Oregon Pinot Noir your dad bought you for your birthday) and wrap the top with clingfilm and punch a few holes in it.
Rotten fruit
The oldest trick in the book. Put some old fruit in a container, cover with plastic wrap, and pierce with holes big enough for the gnats to get in.
Wait... and you should have a box full of mouldy apples and dirty flies.
Or, special products:
Of course, the easiest and most convenient of way of getting rid of gnats is by purchasing a reputable gnat trap, as Organic Lesson explains.
You can buy pest traps online. Fogging mists are also worth trying. There are lots of retailers and your best bet is googling.
Notable products include non-toxic fly lures, gnat formulas, which you pour into water-based fly traps, and light-based killers, which attract the flies to bright artificial light.
And you've probably all seen the buzzing electric lights used in kitchens.
The Liberian Elbow Bump Is Your Good Friend During Flu Season
Enlarge this image Leif Parsons for NPR Leif Parsons for NPR
Lately I've been thinking a lot about the Liberian elbow bump.
When Ebola overtook the West African country in 2014, many people were afraid to shake hands and embrace in the customary way. That's understandable, because Ebola is spread by the exchange of bodily fluids during body-to-body contact.
So Liberians came up with a less touchy-feely greeting. They bumped elbows.
The reason I thought of the elbow bump was a comment made by a teacher in a hot yoga class I take. In a room heated to 96 degrees, the students work hard at their poses (and also lift weights and do cardio). (I know, it's wild!) After a strenuous set of exercises, the teacher called out, "High five your neighbor."
And I thought... really? Slap my sweaty and possibly germy palm up against the sweaty and possibly germy palm of a stranger? During a flu season that has been described as "severe."
Wouldn't an elbow bump be less risky?
So I spoke to a couple of experts. And I learned a few things about the way we get infected with colds and viruses. And about the advisability of high-fiving.
Your hands get you in trouble.
"A fact that a lot of people get shocked about is that 80 percent of all cold, flu and upper respiratory infections and diarrheal illnesses are passed along to us by your hands." That's what Dr. Mark Gendreau told me. He's the chief medical officer for Beverly and Addison Gilbert Hospitals in Massachusetts.
What happens is that a large infectious droplet from a cough or a sneeze (or maybe just plain talking or singing) lands on a surface, where it can survive "for up to 24 hours," says Gendreau. Then your hand makes contact. And then you do that thing that humans do 200 times a day or so — you touch your face. "If you introduce enough of the microorganism to your eyes, nose and mouth, you're going to get the infection," they say.
Good luck with not touching your face.
"It's very hard not to do it even if you're telling yourself not to do it," says Gendreau. "It's like in our DNA." I wanted to know why that is, and they said, "I don't think anybody really knows why."
So if you can't stop touching your face, then what?
First of all there is handwashing with sanitizer or soap "at least 15 to 20 seconds," says Gendreau. "The time is of the essence. The goal is to disrupt the cellular membrane of the microorganism [to] kill it."
And drink!
Sorry, I mean water, not booze. "There's a structure in the back of your mouth and nose and top portion of your lungs and trachea called the mucociliary complex, says Gendreau. They're like "little tiny air cells" that beat in an upward fashion nonstop to move stuff out of you. Stuff like germs. "They become less effective if you're dehydrated," they say.
Also perhaps try some North American ginseng and elderberry extract.
"They have really strong science behind them. They rev up your immune system, they have antiviral properties and they're safe," they say.
During an outbreak of the H1N1 swine flu pandemic, they say, the city of Calgary wanted to stockpile Tamiflu ("which is really iffy in terms of effectiveness" says Gendreau). But they couldn't find enough. So they went for ginseng instead. Gendreau cites a study of Canadian nursing home residents. All of them got a flu vaccine; then about 100 of them were given twice daily doses of 200 mL (about .05 teaspoons) of North American ginseng extract and another 100 or so got a placebo. In the ginseng group, there was only one case of respiratory illness versus seven in the non-ginseng group. That's a 90 percent reduction in risk!
As for "elderberry syrup," it was studied in Sweden, where researchers found give a 15 mL dose (about three teaspoons) of syrup four times a day for five days to one group of flu patients and a placebo syrup to another group. The elderberry sippers had relief from their symptoms four days earlier than the others.
Maybe you should worry more about what's in the air than what's on someone's hands.
In a new study in PNAS, Dr. Donald Milton says that they found that maybe those big infectious droplets shed in coughs and sneezes aren't the big problem. The body is pretty good at warding them off, they say. But fine particles of infectious material that people simply breathe out when they're sick "will penetrate deeper in the lung," says Milton, a medical doctor and professor of environmental health at the University of Maryland.
In their study they found that "48 percent of the fine aerosol samples acquired in the absence of coughing had detectable viral RNA." So if you have a fever but aren't coughing or sneezing, maybe you should consider staying home, Milton suggests. They stress that more research needs to be done about the potential risk posed by these fine particles, "but it has tremendous implications for hospital infection control." Not to mention what's hanging in the air in my yoga class!
As for my high-fiving dilemma...
Gendreau says the riskiest type of person-to-person contact is mouth-to-cheek (so be wary of air kisses and full body hugs). "The bro hug is moderate risk," they say. That's a handshake that leads into a hug with a back pat.
"Handshake or high five is probably mild risk. Palm to palm is slightly riskier than knuckle to knuckle," they say. "Bacteria tend to congregate on the palm."
"I can high five you but you should wash your hands afterward," says Milton.
As for the Liberian elbow exchange: "Smart thing," says Gendreau.
"A very good thing," agrees Milton. "I like elbow bumps."
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham Hotspur are ready to do a mega deal and sell Harry Kane to Real Madrid for €200million.
The England hitman has been Real's number one target since they put them to the sword at the Bernabeu earlier in the season.
And now Spurs' ultra tough chairperson Daniel Levy is ready to do business with Florentino Perez over their number one target, report Mundo Deportivo.
They say that Levy doesn't want a repeat of the Luka Modric affair - who refused to train with Spurs to push through a move.
And while there is no suggestion Kane would ever do that to the club they have been at since they were been a boy - Levy is willing to do business at around the €200m mark.
That's around £176m.
Perez is looking for a goalkeeper, a centre half and a couple of 'Galaticos' for the attack - something Kane certainly fits into.
But Levy will want the business to do be done quickly so they can reinvest the money, claim Spanish sources.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gossip from Saturday's Daily Mirror
Raheem Sterling claims Manchester City are being “butchered” by the Premier League's hatchet men
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has finally admitted they made a £60m mistake not selling striker Alexis Sanchez last summer
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Javier Hernandez admits asking West Ham for a January transfer but says he'll give everything to their relegation battle now they are staying
Antonio Conte is “still a candidate” for the Italy job, despite claiming they will finish the remaining 18 months on their contract as Chelsea manager
Transfer gossip from other papers and websites
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Former Everton and Southampton manager, Ronald Koeman, will be named the new coach of the Netherlands next Friday (De Telegraaf)
Roma and Belgium midfielder Radja Nainggolan, 29, says they could spend their entire career at the club and reject overtures from Chelsea (Sky Sports Italia)
French striker Karim Benezema is house hunting in London as they look to tie up a move to Arsenal (Daily Star)
I thought that might get your attention…!
It's eighteen months since the death of David Rendel, former Liberal Democrat MP for Newbury from 1993 to 2005. Their untimely demise was obviously a cruel blow for their family. In Newbury, we also miss them dreadfully in the Liberal Democrats. We lost a great friend. I lost a great friend. I miss their humility, their enormous wisdom, their integrity, their selflessness, their sense of humour, their encouraging smile, their endless energy and passion for liberalism.
Fortunately, shortly before their death, when asked if there was anything that the local Lib Dems could do in their memory, they expressed their wish. David was a great by-election afficianado. Indeed, they themselves swept to victory in Newbury in 1993 in one of the most famous Liberal Democrat by-election victories in history. David was also a passionate mentor to many young people in politics. In their last months they said that they would like there to be some sort of fund in their name which enables young people who are interested in politics (and they specified that these young people would not necessarily be Lib Dem members, but perhaps broadly share our values) to be able to go to a parliamentary by-election and immerse themselves for several weeks in the campaign – getting involved in the campaigning. They particularly wanted such a fund to benefit those young people who, without such financial support, might not otherwise be able to travel to and stay at a by-election location.
So, those very committed folks at the helm of West Berkshire and Newbury Liberal Democrats have established The David Rendel Award. They have “cash to splash” on deserving young people who want to experience the thrill of a parliamentary by-election.
Here are the official details which tell you what to do if you, or young people you know, are interested in this great opportunity:
THE DAVID RENDEL AWARD David Rendel was MP for Newbury from 1993 to 2005, winning the seat in a famous by-election with the largest majority ever attained by a Liberal Democrat. One of David's key strengths was their ability to inspire other people, particularly young people, to become actively involved in politics. West Berkshire & Newbury (WB&N) Liberal Democrats have established an Award in memory of David, which will provide support for someone who commits themselves to joining the Liberal Democrat campaign team in a UK Parliamentary By-Election. The support (maximum £1,000) might help the award-winner to travel to the locality of the campaign and to stay for its duration. Application Application for an award should be made as soon as possible after a by-election becomes imminent. Applications should be made to the Convenor of the Award Committee (see below) and should cover: • Brief details of the applicant and their relevant experience and interests.
• Why the applicant wants to be involved in a parliamentary by-election in support of a Liberal Democrat candidate.
• Names and contact details of two referees (not relatives) who may vouch for them.
• An outline of the travel, accommodation, subsistence and other expenses which the applicant would otherwise have to meet. The Awards Committee is: Sue Farrant, Convenor (sue.r.farrant(enter @)gmail.com); Gerald Vernon-Jackson; Baroness Sal Brinton; Elaine Bagshaw; Treasurer WB&N Local Party. Decisions on an award will be made by the Committee based on the merits of the application but bearing in mind the following preferences: • Younger applicants (ideally below 26).
• Applicants who live in West Berkshire.
• Applicants who live in the South Central Region of the Party.
• Applications to assist a campaign being run in the South Central Region of the Party. On conclusion of the campaign, the award-holder should submit a brief report, including an account of expenditure, to the Committee.
* Paul Walter is a Liberal Democrat activist.  They are a councillor and one of the Liberal Democrat Voice team. They blog at Liberal Burblings.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – Young-Williams Animal Center is currently at capacity and is offering free adoptions, but they also encourage people to do their homework before taking home a new pet.
This week's Young-Williams Pets of the Week are two kittens, barely two months old, named Ellie Mae and Lucy. They are free to adopt through the weekend at Young-Williams. The event was originally supposed to end Friday night, but was extended.
The center says kittens require a lot of play, but if you get two together, they can help with that because they can play with each other. Ellie Mae and Lucy came from the same litter and actually have two other siblings available at Young-Williams.
For more information on adopting Ellie Mae, Lucy or any other pet at Young-Williams, call (865) 215-6599, visit their website, or either location at 3201 Division Street or 6400 Kingston Pike.
KEARNS, Utah (AP) — Japan's Nao Kodaira and Canada's Ted-Jan Bloemen set world records Sunday on the final day of the World Cup speedskating event at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Kodaira finished in 1 minute, 12.09 seconds in the women's 1,000 meters, their third race victory in three days. American Brittany Bowe held the previous record of 1:12.18. Japan's Miho Takagi was second in 1:12.63, and Russia's Yekaterina Shikhova followed in 1:13.23.
Bloemen finished in 6:01.86 in the men's 5,000. Dutch skater Sven Kramer held the previous record of 6:03.32. Germany's Patrick Beckert was second in 6.07.02, and countryman Moritz Geisreiter followed in 6:07.31.
Bowe improved on a pair of 13th-place finishes in the 500s. They finished in 1:13.55 to place sixth in the 1,000.
Seeing their world record fall broke Bowe's heart, but they took comfort in ending the weekend with their strongest performance over three days. They showed progress after losing significant time to injuries a year ago.
“My skating felt better,” Bowe said. “The timing felt better. I feel like I was connecting and, yeah, I definitely felt stronger than I have so far this year.”
Russia's Denis Yuskov won the men's 1,000 in 1:06.92. Yuskov edged Dutchman skater Koen Verweij, who finished in 106.94. Russia's Pavel Kulizhnikov followed in 1:06.96.
Jonathan Garcia was the top American. Garcia was seventh with a personal best of 1:07.40. Joey Mantia was 10th, and Shani Davis 12th.
Garcia came into the race with the goal of producing a top six finish. They said their performance was about 90 percent of where they want to be, but feels like they are on an upward trend ahead of the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics.
Garcia's main goal is to simply not peak too early over the next two months.
“I know myself, I've been skating for 23 years.” Garcia said. “I can't maintain being my best every day for six months or two months. I really have to make sure I strategically place myself where I need to be throughout the season.”
Russia's Natalia Voronina took the women's 3,000 in 3:57.70. The Czech Republic's Martina Sablikova was second in 3:57.84, and Germany's Claudia Pechstein finished third in 3:58.69.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Dubai: West Indies star batsman Marlon Samuels has received an official reprimand and one demerit point after being found guilty of a Level 1 breach of the ICC Code of Conduct for Players and Player Support Personnel during their side`s World Cup qualifying match against Zimbabwe at the Harare Sports Club on Monday.
The 37-year-old was found to have breached Article 2.1.8 of the Code, which relates to "abuse of cricket equipment or clothing, ground equipment or fixtures and fittings during an international match".
The right-handed batsman was charged by the on-field umpires Michael Gough and Simon Fry, third umpire Adrian Holdstock and fourth umpire Paul Wilson for hitting and damaging the 30-yard circle disk with their bat on their way back to the dressing room.
Samuels admitted the offence and accepted the sanction proposed by match referee Graeme La Brooy and, as such, there was no need for a hearing.
They were also the 'Man of the Match' for their brilliant batting performance in West Indies' chase of 290 to help their side inch closer to a berth in the World Cup 2019.
Samuels struck a blistering 86 off 80 balls with six fours and four sixes as West Indies clinched a comfortable four-wicket win over Zimbabwe to set up their mouth-watering winner-takes-all match against defending champions Scotland.
Malawi Congress Party (MCP) Lower Shire political giant Mohammed Sidik Mia has said the country's oldest party is set to win the 2019 elections with its leader Lazarus Chakwera set to be Head of State. Mia…
The post Mia says the future of Malawi is bright with MCP and Chakwera governing in 2019 appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
Starz has found a new man of Gods.
Former Hannibal executive producer Jesse Alexander will serve as co-showrunner on Season 2 of American Gods, per The Hollywood Reporter. They will operate along Gods author Neil Gaiman, who'd already been named showrunner for the upcoming sophomore season.
In November, series co-creators Bryan Fuller and Michael Green exited the fantasy series, reportedly over creative differences. THR reports that these included clashes with Gaiman over the direction of the show and with Freemantle, which produces the drama, over budget.
TVLine has reached out to Fuller and Green for comment.
Gaiman tells THR that Alexander “loves and understands” both Starz's American Gods and the novel on which it's based, and that he's glad that Alexander is “shepherding” the path forward.
In addition to Hannibal, Alexander's TV credits include Lost, Alias, Heroes, Agent X and Star Trek: Discovery.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dangerous understaffing of NHS hospitals can be revealed today with four junior doctors reporting serious incidents every day.
A Mirror investigation has uncovered hundreds of safety reports showing rookie medics left in charge of up to 90 patients.
It follows a global report which found the NHS has among the lowest numbers of doctors out of 21 developed nations.
Junior doctors who have filed “exception reports” lay bare the extent of unsafe wards after ­sickness and workloads drag more senior medics away.
Freedom of Information responses from 55 hospital trusts have uncovered 551 reports lodged in the first year after their introduction.
(Image: Getty)
When the 95 trusts which refused to reveal their reports are factored in, the number is likely to be more than 1,500 reports on safety breaches.
Dr Jeeves Wijesuriya, chair of the BMA's junior doctor committee, said: “These reports highlight where staff are being overstretched.
“Trusts have a duty to take action to ensure staff and patients are safe.”
“A report by the respected King's Fund revealed last month Britain has 2.8 doctors per 1,000 people, below the average of 3.6 and barely half the number in Austria of 5.1.
The figures come as the Government faces fresh calls from the British Medical Journal to remove visa curbs preventing international doctors from working in the UK.
(Image: Getty)
Exception reports note unsafe working hours negotiated by the British Medical Association in 2016 for junior doctors.
The rookies report being treated like “cattle”, with no time to eat or go to the toilet during nights shifts.
One at Colchester Hospital NHS Trust said: “I was made to cover almost 90 patients. If a handful of patients fell sick I wouldn't be able to treat them properly."
At Derby Teaching Hospital one medic said: “I was left unsupervised. This was my first day on the ward. I felt wholly unsafe.”
(Image: Getty)
The Department of Health said: “We want to be the safest health system in the world.
“We're backing this with the biggest increase in training places in NHS history.”
A damning NHS report into its worst winter has revealed more than 2,600 patients have waited more than a year for treatment.
Trusts in England ended the financial year with a deficit of £960million.
CLAY COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - The Clay County Youth Food Program needs your help to keep serving meals.
Scroll for more content...
The program says Terre Haute Catholic Charities can no longer help feed kids this summer, and it has yet to offer anything for the upcoming school year.
The program serves close to 800 kids weekly.
LINK | U.S. CENSUS SAYS BRAZIL IS THE POOREST TOWN IN THE STATE, THE MAYOR DISAGREES
If you'd like to help, you can donate your time to pack and deliver meals, as well as money and food.
To see where and how you can help, call the Clay County YMCA at 812-442-6761.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Robert Elstone starts their new job as Super League's chief executive on Friday — and I think it's a great appointment.
We've signed somebody who has a proven record within sport and has been at the top end of the Premier League for the last few years with Everton.
They also have a knowledge and understanding of rugby league from their time at the RFL, and those two things together should mean that he's a success.
We need some leadership at the top, because we still have a great on-field product when the sport is at its best.
(Image: PA Wire)
I always go back to rugby league's unique selling point, which is how close the players are to the community.
There's probably only two degrees of separation for most fans from them being able to get in touch with a player from their favourite Super League club. Not many other sports can say that.
We need to make sure that businesses understand that, and the fact that rugby league supporters have been proven to be more loyal to brands than in other sports.
(Image: PA)
The other key area is making the most of the stars in our competition — the likes of Kallum Watkins and George Williams.
Our top players are among the best athletes in the country but they're also very humble, and promoting them is key.
We're now in an age where people support an individual as much as a team.
(Image: PA Wire)
We saw when Sonny Bill Williams came over for the World Cup that people went to watch matches to see him, and fans flock around Sam Burgess regardless of what team they play for.
What Elstone's appointment also does is give the game some direction, which we've needed since Nigel Wood stepped down from the RFL and some of the Super League clubs have looked to pull away.
Because the RFL still has to appoint its own new chief executive, there is going to be a period of crossover and deciding how everything will work.
(Image: Getty)
But I think the clubs are more aware now that the sooner all of this is sorted out and we know where we are going as a sport, the better.
We need somebody to decide what Super League will look like in three, five and ten years' time — a clear plan.
I think in Elstone, with their combination of business acumen and inside knowledge of rugby league, we've got the right man for the job.
* Betfred — Passionate about Super League
Marine Minute
I'm Private First Class Marcos Alvarado with your Marine Minute.
Marines with 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment concluded Military Operations on Urbanized Terrain training at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, October 4th . MOUT training helps give Marines a tactical advantage in urban settings. Sgt. Matthew Earle, Squad Leader with 2/8, talked about the importance of the training:
"Most of the world's conflicts are now in the urban environment. If you look throughout history, Fallujah, Ramadi, even back to Hue City, so we need not to only fight out on flat terrain or mountainous terrain, but we also need to fight in the cities, building to building, house to house, street to street."
In the Pacific,
Marines with III Marine Expeditionary Force and the Japan Special Reaction Team wrapped-up a Combat Life Saver Course at Camp Foster in Okinawa, Japan, October 4th. The course prepares Marines and Japanese forces to provide aide to injured service members in a multitude of combat situations.
That's it for your Marine Minute, for more news around the Marine Corps go to Marines.mil.
AirAsia India director R.Venkataramanan. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Mumbai: Tata Trust's Ramachandran Venkataramanan, who is also a director of AirAsia India Ltd, on Wednesday said that they have been wrongly named as an accused by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on operational matters regarding AirAsia India where they had little role to play.
Venkataramanan's statement comes a day after the CBI raided the offices of AirAsia India and filed a complaint against Tony Fernandes, chief executive of parent AirAsia Bhd and others including Venkataramanan, for allegedly lobbying the government for overseas flight permits and violating rules that prevent foreign airlines from controlling Indian operators.
“In my capacity as non-executive director of AirAsia India Ltd, I have been wrongly named as an accused by the CBI on operational matters where I had little or no role to play,” Venkataramanan said, adding the accusations were rooted from ‘baseless allegations' made by former Tata Group chairperson Cyrus P. Mistry and the Shapoorji Pallonji Group against Tata Trusts Trustees and Tata Sons in their legal actions against the group after being ousted from it. AirAsia (lndia) Ltd, a joint venture between Tata Sons Ltd (49%) and Malaysia's AirAsia (49%), started operations in June 2014.
The FIR filed by CBI in New Delhi on 28 May stated that public servants from the civil aviation ministry and FIPB entered into a criminal conspiracy with Venkataramanan, Fernandes, Tharumalingam Kanalingam, Rajendra Dubey with the intent to help AirAsia (lndia) Ltd to expedite the approval process and change in aviation policies to suit AirAsia India.
It also said that Tata Sons Ltd through its nominee on the AirAsia India board, Venkataramanan, lobbied to get all approvals including FIPB clearances and amendment/removal of existing 5/20 rule.
The 5/20 rule, which has since been abolished, required airlines to operate for at least five years and induct 20 aircraft in its fleet before starting international operations.
On Wednesday, Venkataramanan said in their statement that and AirAsia India was one of the many airlines that had formally sought a review of 5/20 policy.
AirAsia India on Wednesday said that allegations concerning AirAsia India have been fully investigated by the civil aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) in 2016-17.
The DGCA order effectively ruled that the operations and management of Air Asia India was in accordance with Indian rules, AirAsia said in a statement. Mails and messages sent to Fernandes elicited no response till press time.
On Wednesday morning, they said in a Twitter post that—”Sometimes wonder about certain media. Who just wrote anything without checking any facts. Seriously wild stuff which are just plain wrong and inaccurate.”
© Scott Anthony Archives
"The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News. Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo News-and several other outlets-in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS. Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D.C. in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed."
"In September 2016, Steele admitted to Ohr their feelings against then-candidate Trump when Steele said they "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president." This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files-but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications."
"According to the head of the FBI's counterintelligence division, Assistant Director Bill Priestap, corroboration of the Steele dossier was in its "infancy" at the time of the initial Page FISA application. After Steele was terminated, a source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated. Yet, in early January 2017, Director Comey briefed President-elect Trump on a summary of the Steele dossier, even though it was-according to their June 2017 testimony-"salacious and unverified."
surveillance would have been impossible.
"Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information."
Democrats and the media have spent the entire week shrieking desperately that releasing the memo will reveal classified information and get people killed.They lied.The memo has been released . And the only thing it kills is reputations as it documents how partisan figures in the FBI and the DOJ blatantly abused their authority and legitimized the Steele dossier.Here are the 4 most devastating revelations from the memo release.1. The FISA eavesdropping application for a Trump associate relied on the Steele dossier but never mentioned that it came from the Clinton campaign... even "though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials."The application to the FISA court failed to mention that the Steele dossier was opposition research from a man being paid by a political campaign. The application, which was signed by Comey (who is still posturing on Twitter), Sally Yates (who is playing the martyr from afar), Andrew McCabe (who was forced to leave for allegedly sitting on the Weiner laptop emails) and Rod Rosenstein, (who is still around,) misled the FISA court in this very fundamental matter....but then the FISA application gets even worse2. "The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff,"Obama Inc. had a nasty habit of using the media to create these echo chambers in which leaks reinforced administration narratives. But this is a case where Obama officials bolstered their case with a Clinton campaign hit piece that was based on its own opposition research.And if the name Isikoff sounds familiar, they were the guy who had the Lewinsky story. And Newsweek killed it.Perkins Coie was acting on behalf of the Clinton campaign.Not surprising since Ohr's wife was working for Fusion GPS to go after Trump. And Ohr had met with their boss. So not only was the FISA application relying on Clinton opposition research, but its purported author, was open about wanting to stop Trump.4. The Clinton dossier was unverified. Comey had admitted as much.So the FISA warrant was based on information that Assistant Director Bill Priestap admitted was unverified and that FBI Director Comey had also called... "unverified".That means that even setting aside the tainted partisan origins of Clinton's Steele dossier, it was bad material that should never have been used. Yet it was.So unverified opposition research from the Clinton campaign was used to target the Trump campaign with a misleading and false FISA application.Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United new boy Victor Linedlof has joined the club for one thing - silverware.
The centre-back completed their £30m switch from Benfica to United on Wednesday night - as they signed a four-year contract.
And 22-year-old Lindelof has eyed up United's trophy haul from last season, where they lifted the Community Shield, EFL Cup and Europa League, and fancies boosting their own silverware cabinet.
Lindelof said: "I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United.
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
"I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.
"I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
United boss Jose Mourinho is excited to improve their back line and plans to make a defensive dynasty out of Lindelof and Eric Bailly.
(Photo: manutd.com)
Jose Mourinho said: "Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of them at United. Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer.
"I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome them as one of us."
Share 0
As expected, the Jacksonville Jaguars will be interviewing Tampa Bay defensive coordinator Mike Smith for the team's vacant head coaching duties. That news was first reported by Tampa Bay Times writer Rick Stroud.
“The names that Jacksonville was going to interview were going across the ticker and it looks like they have a long list. They better get started,” Koetter said. “As far as Smitty goes, look at their record. Look at their record as a head coach. All the guys that are interviewing out there – none of them has their record as a head coach. Every team that is going to interview for head coaches they allegedly have something they are looking for. If Mike Smith is it, then great. Good for him. Mike Smith is a proven head coach in this league and I think the world of him.”
The Jaguars fired head coach Gus Bradley during the season and have quite a list of candidates. Former Jacksonville coach Tom Coughlin, who recently coached the New York Giants, has already interviewed. In addition Smith, the Jaguars are also interested in New England offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, Philadelphia defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz and Arizona offensive coordinator Harold Goodwin, a minority candidate who would satisfy the league's “Rooney Rule,” which states that teams must interview a minority candidate before making a head coaching hire.
Other possible candidates include Jaguars interim head coach Doug Marrone, Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, Dallas offensive coordinator Scott Linehan and Pittsburgh offensive coordinator Todd Haley.
Under Smith, the Bucs defense finished 23rd in the league in points allowed with a 367.9-yard average, but finished 15th in the NFL, allowing 23.1 points per game. Tampa Bay's defense excelled on third down defense, finishing first in the league with 34 percent (67-of-195) allowed, a year after being the worst team in the league on third down defense.
“Obviously when we brought Mike here we knew this day might come and that this day would come,” Koetter said. “If it's the right fit, and he's the right guy, and that's what they want and that's what they want there's nothing I can do about it. That's how this league works. What I can tell you is that I have a lot of confidence in the staff I put together last year and I got a lot of confidence I have in the staff I'll put together moving forward.”
The 57-year old Smith, who is a native of Daytona Beach, Fla., has the desire to become a head coach again and the personnel the Jaguars have assembled in defensive back Jalen Ramsey, defensive ends Yannick Ngakoue and Dante Fowler, and linebacker Myles Jack, in addition to free agent defensive tackle Malik Jackson, safety Tashaun Price has to be enticing.
Smith is widely respected around the NFL after becoming Atlanta's all-time winning head coach from 2008-14 when they amassed a 66-46 record (.589), leading the Falcons to the playoffs in four of their first five seasons. The Falcons posted a franchise-best 13-3 mark twice under Smith's leadership, first in 2010 before losing to Green Bay in the NFC Divisional Game and again in 2012 before losing to San Francisco in the NFC Championship Game.
What led the Falcons to hire Smith in 2008 was the outstanding job they did as Jacksonville's defensive coordinator from 2003-07 where they were paired with Koetter, who was the Jaguars offensive coordinator before they became Smith's play-caller in Atlanta from 2012-14.
When asked if they were planning on beginning interviews for the Bucs defensive coordinator position, anticipating losing Smith to the Jaguars or one of the other five NFL head coaching vacancies around the league.
“Yes, of course,” Koetter said. “That's underway.”
Should Koetter wish to promote from within, Bucs linebackers coach Mark Duffner might get the most consideration. Duffner has previous defensive coordinator experience in college and with the Cincinnati Bengals from 2001-02, and they have coached with Koetter not only during the 2016 season in Tampa Bay, but also before in Jacksonville.
As part of a month-long program of celebration and appreciation for Black History Month, Sen. Lena Taylor (D-Milwaukee) will be hosting events focused on criminal justice from Feb. 20 to 24. The events seek to highlight the continued disparities in the criminal justice system as well as obstacles to successful re-entry. The Senator will host the following events in Milwaukee:
Feb. 14
7:30 to 9:30 a.m.
WPRI presentation – Unlocking Potential: Giving hope to prisoners
Wisconsin Center, 400 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee
Feb. 20
5:30 p.m.
Movie Screening: 13th
Wisconsin African American Women's Center (WAAW Center), 3020 W. Vliet St., Milwaukee
Feb. 21
5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
State of Justice System Presentation, WAAW Center
Feb. 22
5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Navigating the DOC, WAAW Center
5:30 p.m.
Read-in: Let's Break the Pipeline to Prison
MPL Martin Luther King Library, 310 W. Locust St., Milwaukee
Feb. 23
5:30 p.m.
Panel discussion with DOC's Division of Juvenile Corrections, WAAW Center
Feb. 24
5:30 p.m.
Movie screening: 53206, WAAW Center
Feb. 25 and 26
6:00 to 8:00 p.m.
Making a Slave: A Play by Voices of a Fatherless Child
606 W. Concordia Ave., Milwaukee
All events are open to the public. Members of the media are invited to attend.
For more information, visit legis.wisconsin.gov/senate/04/taylor
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez has finally registered for Man United following their blockbuster swap move from Arsenal.
The Chilean had to wait three games and missed a penalty before finally putting a spirited David Wagner side away.
Romelu Lukaku grabbed the opener with Jose Mourinho's side narrowing the gap on leaders Manchester City to 13 points.
The United boss conceded the title earlier this week - though they may hope for an unlikely revival after Pep Guardiola's side dropped points for the third time in six games.
Here are Neil Moxley and Ciaran Kelly from the Manchester Evening News with player ratings from Old Trafford. Bigger tests await, but United are in good shape to attack the Champions League and the FA Cup.
(Image: Matthew Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images)
Manchester United Player Ratings
De Gea 6
A virtual passenger on their 300th appearance for the club and did not have a save to make. Easy.
Valencia 7
Covered an awful lot of ground as Mata drifted inside and was sometimes caught out by van La Parra.
Smalling 7
Had their hands full with Depoitre but responded well to Tottenham humiliation. Made one key tackle towards end of first-half.
(Image: Matthew Peters)
(Image: Matthew Peters)
Rojo 6
The main beneficiary from the Tottenham debacle and made one crucial header to keep a rare Huddersfield attack at bay. 6
Shaw 6
Some encouraging link-up play with Sanchez on the overlap and even when they were dispossessed they responded well and tracked back.
McTominay 6
Mourinho's biggest display of faith yet but Huddersfield targeted them with Biling and later floored by Kongolo's horror challenge. Kept it simple.
Matic 6
Has looked in bad need of a rest lately but this was a quiet return to form. Tried to encourage McTominay along.
(Image: Matthew Peters)
(Image: Matthew Peters)
(Image: Alex Morton)
Lingard 5
Nearly opened the door on a few occasions with their Roadrunner routine but there was not to be another moment for the highlights reel.
Mata 7
Floated inside as always and held firm against Huddersfield's attack dogs. Brilliant cross for opening goal.
Sanchez 8
United's best player on their home debut and a brilliant one-man dribble and shot nearly opened the scoring. A cool rebound from penalty spared blushes.
Lukaku 6
Had cut a frustrated figure as they tried to link up with play before a well taken volley. Mobbed by team-mates in celebration.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans congregated on the top of a police van to welcome their team bus to Anfield ahead of the Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma.
Reds supporters once again wanted to give their heroes a noisy welcome following the quarter-final first leg against Manchester City.
The visitors' team bus was targeted on that day with Liverpool fans coming under fire for their behaviour.
But the hostility seemingly worked as a first-half blitz fired the Reds into an ultimately unassailable three-goal lead as they booked their place in the last four.
Follow all the action from Liverpool vs Roma LIVE in the Mirror Football blog.
Jurgen Klopp will be hoping for a similarly impressive result tonight as Liverpool bid to put themselves in the driving seat in the semi-final.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
They will be looking to take a goal back to Italy for next week's return fixture as they battle the Serie A side for a final berth.
In Wednesday's other semi-final, Bayern Munich take on Real Madrid with the first leg at the Allianz Arena.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Liverpool are bidding for a sixth European crown and their first since dramatically beating AC Milan in Istanbul 13 years ago.
You can follow all the action from Anfield LIVE right here.
[India], July 4 (ANI): A delegation comprising of eight senior military officials of People's Liberation Army (PLA) led by Deputy Commander of Western Theatre Command (WTC) Lt Gen Liu Xiaowu arrived at Sukna on Wednesday on a two-day visit to Trishakti Corps.
The high-level delegation included Commander of Xinjiang Mil Region Maj Gen Liu Wanglong, Deputy Director Political Department of WTC Maj Gen Huang Jixiang and Dy Chief of Staff of Air Force of WTC Maj Gen Wang Yanqi.
The PLA delegation's visit assumes importance for the Armies of both the countries which intend to enhance the bilateral defence cooperation, especially after the two important meetings between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Xi Jinping at Wuhan and Qingdao in the recent past.
On arrival at the Headquarters 33 Corps, PLA delegation leader Lt Gen Liu Xiaowu interacted with GOC of the Trishakti Corps Lt Gen Pradeep M Bali followed by a delegation level meeting. The Indian delegation was headed by Lt Gen Bali. The visit is a part of the ongoing initiatives to enhance 'Confidence Building Measures' through regular interactions between Commanders at various levels. The last delegation level visit had taken place to HQ Eastern Command at Kolkata in February 2017. This time the Chinese delegation has visited Trishakti Corps located at Sukna to further enhance the cooperation between border troops. Both sides expressed complete satisfaction on the positive outcomes of the interactions that will contribute towards maintaining peace and tranquillity on the borders. Apart from delegation level talks, a cultural programme to showcase the traditional dances and a banquet were also held in honour of the visiting delegation. This visit by the military delegation to the military headquarters at Sukna is seen as a significant step towards increasing interactions at military commanders' level and implementation of various agreements to maintain peace and tranquillity on the borders. The 10 member PLA delegation will be in India up to July 6. The delegation reached India on July 2. Apart from their visit to the Headquarters of the Indian Army's Eastern Command, the delegation had met with the Army Chief General Bipin Rawat and the Vice Chief of the Army Lt Gen Devraj Anbu. (ANI)
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boris Johnson reportedly clashed with Theresa May on introducing a broader amnesty for long-standing immigrants in the wake of the Windrush scandal.
On Monday the Home Secretary announced that Commomwealth migrants who arrived in Britain before 1973 would be able to become citizens without the documentation or fees normally required.
But Mr Johnson argued that this now needs to be extended to all illegal immigrants who have lived in the UK for more than a decade and not committed crimes.
The foreign secretary is understood to have been among several Cabinet ministers urging a more liberal approach to immigration.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
This comes after Theresa May's hardline approach to immigration was blamed for causing the Windrush scandal.
The then-Home Secretary introduced a “hostile environment” for illegal immigrants by forcing employers and landlords to check on the immigration status of prospective applicants.
But as many of the Windrush generation did not have the official documents they have been denied healthcare, lost their jobs or even been threatened with facing deportation.
Labour MPs have warned that there are thousands of others facing the same problems as the Windrush generation.
(Image: PA)
The shadow home secretary Diane Abbott warned Amber Rudd in the House of Commons: “The Home Secretary need not believe this ends here.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Coming up behind the Windrush cohort is a slightly later cohort of persons from south Asia.
“In the next few years, even though they have lived here all their life, even though their children are British and even though they have worked all their life, they will be asked for four pieces of data for every year they have been here, and they will be subjected to the same humiliation as the Windrush generation.”
April marks sexual assault awareness and prevention month and the military has focused much effort on its prevention and care for victims of sexual assault. One program lauded as an innovative approach to victim support is the U.S. Navy's Victims' Legal Counsel Program.
Lt. Robert A. McRight, a military lawyer with the Navy's Judge Advocate General's Corps, was chosen as one of the Navy's Victims' Legal Counsel (VLC) in Naples, Italy to carry-on this new program. McRight provides legal services to eligible victims of sexual offenses, including assistance and advocacy in the investigative and military justice processes. The VLC Program became fully operational on Jan. 1, 2014 and now consists of 33 specially trained judge advocates in 25 fleet locations around the world.
McRight began their career as a legal assistance and defense attorney onboard Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Florida before receiving orders to Millington, Tennessee as a Staff Judge Advocate to Navy Personnel Command. Since 2015 McRight has worked in Naples, Italy as a prosecutor before being personally selected by the Judge Advocate General of the Navy to serve as Victim Legal Counsel in the same region beginning March of this year.
“The Navy is committed to protecting the rights and interests of victims of sexual assault and ensuring the administration of a fair, transparent and efficient military justice system that guarantees due process for the accused and promotes good order and discipline,” said Vice Adm. James Crawford III, Judge Advocate General of the Navy.
The Navy implemented the VLC Program to offer a military attorney to represent and assist victims of sexual offenses. VLC assist victims with legal decisions; represent them in military courts; advocate on their behalf to investigators, commanders, and prosecutors; and provide other legal advice and assistance connected to the sexual offense. VLC operate independently and are not within the chain of command of the offender, the victim or prosecutors. Since the Program's inception, Navy VLC have assisted more than 2,780 victims around the world (as of April 2017).
“Ultimately it's about giving voice and choice to folks who have been harmed,” said McRight.
The VLC Program helps victims understand the investigative and military justice processes, which can sometimes become overwhelming to a victim.
“Having an attorney, an advocate, to speak for the victim's interests goes a long way to making the process seem a little less overwhelming. That matters to victims choosing to participate or not which in turn matters to getting just outcomes in and out of court,” said McRight.
McRight is making an impact on the world as a Navy lawyer.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.01.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 13:30 Story ID: 230596 Location: US Hometown: RALEIGH, NC, US Web Views: 4 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Raleigh, North Carolina native joins innovative advocacy efforts in the U.S. Navy for victims of sexual assault, by Natalie Morehouse, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Many businesses now offer free wi-fi as a customer service, but, how many times have you seen people in a coffee shop, a restaurant, or elsewhere who are occupying a space alone and silently staring into their laptop screens or smart phones. It seems like they may have been there for quite some time and the single coffee they ordered is either long gone, or cold.
They don't buy much and they take up that space creating an invisible wall around them, often for long periods..
Sean Gallagher owns a café/bistro/restaurant, and they say they were hurting their business, especially the image. They didn't want to refuse them, but had to take drastic measures to change their ways by making the business less laptop friendly
In the business they are called “campers” or perhaps the less delicate “wi-fi hogs”. These are the people who sit in coffee shops taking advantage of the free wi-fi.
Sean Gallagher is the owner manager of the Lion and Bright in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Now in its fourth year they want their café/bistro/restaurant operation to be a community space for conversations, and live events and exhibition spaces but the loner campers were “spoiling the vibe” they say.
They say instead of inspiring conversations in a community atmosphere, they were turning it into a library, discouraging couples and groups from coming in for conversations and idea exchanges.
They tried persuasion saying no screens after 5 p.m., but there was resistance from campers who engaged in tedious esoteric arguments with their staff and often posted nasty comments online. So they took more drastic measures, making it somewhat less user-friendly for “campers'.
They took a week in January to drastically change the setup, with more formal separation of spaces. The long harvest tables were cut up into smaller four place tables.. They also initiated assigned seating so that if a potential camper comes in during the day, the person is directed by the “host” to a specific area at the expresso cafe bar, either to stand at the high tables, or sit on high hard stools. They are also clearly told upon entering that there will be no screens after 5 p.m.
It may not now be exactly their initial vision, given the requirements of the market and the interior layout change, but it's getting back to what their initial vision of encouraging a meeting place for people in the community. They say most reaction to the change has been quite positive from guests and other business people. They also say they ignore the negative comments online made by anonymous campers.
Monday felt like “the first day of school” for Leonard Williams as they and other Jets players reported to the facility in Florham Park, New Jersey, for the start of their offseason workouts.
“Walking around, seeing smiles on everybody's face. It feels great to be back to work with all of my teammates,” the third-year defensive end and 2016 team MVP said through a team spokesperson.
With the NFL Draft less than two weeks away, the Jets have yet to determine who their starting quarterback will be. There's a chance general manager Mike Maccagnan could select another quarterback prospect with the No. 6 overall pick. Or the organization could settle on one of the three options on the roster.
“It's always good to get back started, especially when you are coming to a new team,” veteran quarterback Josh McCown said in the team's media release.
“But it's the first day in a long process and I'm excited to be part of it.”
Young quarterbacks Christian Hackenberg and Bryce Petty also expressed excitement about getting back to work. “It feels awesome,” said Hackenberg, who was essentially redshirted their rookie year. “It's been a long offseason and being able to get back in the locker room is something that I look forward to and I'm ready to get started.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Added Petty: “I'm excited on all fronts. It's always good to get some time away, but then you come back in the building and see old faces and see the guys. It's the kind of adrenaline you don't get anywhere else.”
Notes & quotes: Cornerback Marcus Williams signed their restricted free-agent tender ($2.5 million) . . . Linebacker Julian Stanford, who was cut on Friday, was re-signed.
The Freshmen Class Student Government at Ridgefield High School will hold a fundraiser on Wednesday, December 13th. The event will take place at Planet Pizza all day. Simply mention the Student Government and a percentage of your money will go directly to RHS. Please come out and support the freshmen at RHS!
No related posts.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May slapped down rogue Brexit Minister Steve Baker yesterday – but refused to sack him.
Leading Leave supporter Mr Baker was forced to apologise after fuelling unfounded claims the Treasury was trying to thwart Britain's EU exit.
The row unfolded after they had told the Commons it was “essentially correct” that a think tank boss had said “officials in the Treasury have deliberately developed a model to show that all options other than staying in the customs union were bad and that officials intended to use this to influence policy”.
Mr Baker later admitted they should have “corrected the premise” of the question.
(Image: UK parliament)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Speaking in Shanghai on the final day of their trade mission to China, the Prime Minister told Channel 5 News: “The ministerial code says that the minister should take the earliest opportunity to amend the record that has given to Parliament and apologise to Parliament. They will do that.
“What I understand the minister did was to reflect what they thought somebody else had said at a meeting.
“He has now recalled that was not right, they are going to apologise, they are going to ensure that the record in Hansard is correct so that Parliament is not misled when that record is read in the future.
“That's what the ministerial code asks them to do and that is what they will be doing.”
Mrs May has been dogged by questions about Brexit and their fragile leadership during the three-day Far East trip.
Rebel Tories have repeatedly accused Whitehall experts of trying to undermine the UK's withdrawal from Brussels.
“Civil servants and politicians and ministers are working together to ensure that we do something very simple, which is delivered on what the British people asked us to do, which is leaving the European Union but doing so in a way which enables us not only to take back control of our money and our borders and our laws but also enables us to trade around the world.”
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
In September 2017, Sweden hosted Exercise Aurora, its largest military exercise in nearly 25 years. The exercise involved nearly 30 per cent of the Swedish Armed Forces, as well as troop contributions from NATO Allied and partner countries - which joined on a bilateral basis. The goal of the exercise was to build a stronger defence and increase capability to face an attack. As well as taking place in Stockholm and Gothenburg regions, the exercise featured air, land and sea assets on the island of Gotland and in the Stockholm archipelago. Aurora also featured collaboration between the military and the civilian emergency services.
Footage includes various shots of exercise Aurora in locations across Sweden.
Teaser: Sweden has hosted its largest military exercise for almost 25 years. Exercise Aurora involved air, land and sea assets, and focused on defending the Baltic Sea region together with NATO Allied and partner countries.
This is the shotlist for a NATOChannel BRoll. It contains visuals and sound bites, but no voiceover and/or graphics.
1. (00:00) VARIOUS SHOTS – SWEDISH HOME GUARD SOLDIERS DURING TRAINING MISSION DEFENDING HARBOUR ON ISLAND OF GOTLAND
2. (01:08) VARIOUS SHOTS – AMERICAN MILITARY HELICOPTERS TAKE OFF FROM AIRBASE IN GOTLAND, SWEDEN
3. (01:39) SLOW MOTION SHOT - AMERICAN AIRMAN TALKS TO SWEDISH SOLDIER BY APACHE HELICOPTER IN GOTLAND
4. (01:43) VARIOUS SHOTS – CRISIS RESPONSE EXERCISE PART OF AURORA - CIVIL EMERGENCY SERVICES WORKING WITH MILITARY RESPONDING TO A CRISIS
5. (02:21) VARIOUS SHOTS - SWEDISH MILITARY AMPHIBIOUS UNITS TAKE PART IN EXERCISE AURORA IN STOCKHOLM ARCHIPELAGO
6. (03:37) VARIOUS SHOTS - SWEDISH ARMOURED VEHICLES TAKING PART IN EXERCISE AURORA
7. (04:17) VARIOUS SHOTS - LIVE FIRE DEMONSTRATION AT THE END OF EXERCISE AURORA
8. (04:34) VARIOUS SHOTS - SWEDISH PRIME MINISTER STEFAN LÖFVEN AND SWEDISH MINISTER FOR DEFENCE PETER HULTQVIST SPEAK WITH SWEDISH TROOPS AT LIVE FIRE DEMONSTRATION
9. (05:19) WIDE SHOT - SWEDISH FLAG
10. (05:24) CLOSE UP - AURORA 17 BADGE ON ARM OF SOLDIER
11. (05:28) SOUNDBITE (ENGLISH) – MAJOR GENERAL BENGT ANDERSSON, EXERCISE DIRECTOR
“This is the first really large exercise that we have in Sweden since 1993. And almost 30 per cent of the armed forces are involved. And the figures of the Swedish Armed Forces is about 19,000 people and then we have 2,000 foreigners and a lot of civilian agencies, so approximately a bit more than 22,000 people are involved in the exercise.”
12. (05:53) SOUNDBITE (ENGLISH) – MAJOR GENERAL BENGT ANDERSSON, EXERCISE DIRECTOR
“From the military point of view, it is very simple. Our government has given us the task to get more operational, to work together with all the armed forces, to be joined and the reason is of course the higher tension in Europe.”
13. (06:06) SOUNDBITE (ENGLISH) – MAJOR GENERAL BENGT ANDERSSON, EXERCISE DIRECTOR
“Militarily, it is very very important to have the international community participating, especially with those high-technology countries that we need to work together with and, in the exercise, against.”
14. (06:19) SOUNDBITE (ENGLISH) – PETER HULTQVIST, MINISTER FOR DEFENCE OF SWEDEN
“This is a very clear signal that we are making this exercise Aurora because we want to send a security signal, at the same time as we upgrade our military capability, that we are ready to defend Sweden, ready to defend the security in our country, and the territorial integrity and we are ready to do it together also with friends and partners.”
15. (06:43) SOUNDBITE (ENGLISH) – PETER HULTQVIST, MINISTER FOR DEFENCE OF SWEDEN
“Two pillars in our strategy, upgrade military capability and focus on national defence. The other pillar is deepening cooperation with others to build a security network together with them in our part of Europe.”
© Robin Dienel
A shift, at high speed
When the first stars turned on
A team of astronomers, including two from MIT, has detected the most distant supermassive black hole ever observed. The black hole sits in the center of an ultrabright quasar, the light of which was emitted just 690 million years after the Big Bang. That light has taken about 13 billion years to reach us - a span of time that is nearly equal to the age of the universe.The black hole is measured to be about 800 million times as massive as our sun - a Goliath by modern-day standards and a relative anomaly in the early universe."This is the only object we have observed from this era," says Robert Simcoe, the Francis L. Friedman Professor of Physics in MIT's Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research. "It has an extremely high mass, and yet the universe is so young that this thing shouldn't exist. The universe was just not old enough to make a black hole that big. It's very puzzling."Adding to the black hole's intrigue is the environment in which it formed: The scientists have deduced that the black hole took shape just as the universe was undergoing a fundamental shift, from an opaque environment dominated by neutral hydrogen to one in which the first stars started to blink on. As more stars and galaxies formed, they eventually generated enough radiation to flip hydrogen from neutral, a state in which hydrogen's electrons are bound to their nucleus, to ionized, in which the electrons are set free to recombine at random. This shift from neutral to ionized hydrogen represented a fundamental change in the universe that has persisted to this day.The team believes that the newly discovered black hole existed in an environment that was about half neutral, half ionized."What we have found is that the universe was about 50/50 - it's a moment when the first galaxies emerged from their cocoons of neutral gas and started to shine their way out," Simcoe says.Simcoe and postdoc Monica L. Turner are the MIT co-authors of a paper detailing the results, published today in the journal Nature. The other lead authors are from the Carnegie Institution for Science, in Pasadena, California.The black hole was detected by Eduardo Bañados, an astronomer at Carnegie, who found the object while combing through multiple all-sky surveys, or maps of the distant universe. Bañados was looking in particular for quasars - some of the brightest objects in the universe, that consist of a supermassive black hole surrounded by swirling, accreting disks of matter.After identifying several objects of interest, Bañados focused in on them using an instrument known as FIRE (the Folded-port InfraRed Echellette), which was built by Simcoe and operates at the 6.5-meter-diameter Magellan telescopes in Chile. FIRE is a spectrometer that classifies objects based on their infrared spectra. The light from very distant, early cosmic objects shifts toward redder wavelengths on its journey across the universe, as the universe expands. Astronomers refer to this Doppler-like phenomenon as "redshift"; the more distant an object, the farther its light has shifted toward the red, or infrared end of the spectrum. The higher an object's redshift, the further away it is, both in space and time.Using FIRE, the team identified one of Bañados' objects as a quasar with a redshift of 7.5, meaning the object was emitting light around 690 million years after the Big Bang. Based on the quasar's redshift, the researchers calculated the mass of the black hole at its center and determined that it is around 800 million times the mass of the sun.Simcoe says.The newly identified quasar appears to inhabit a pivotal moment in the universe's history. Immediately following the Big Bang, the universe resembled a cosmic soup of hot, extremely energetic particles. As the universe rapidly expanded, these particles cooled and coalesced into neutral hydrogen gas during an era that is sometimes referred to as the dark ages - a period bereft of any sources of light. Eventually, gravity condensed matter into the first stars and galaxies, which in turn produced light in the form of photons. As more stars turned on throughout the universe, their photons reacted with neutral hydrogen, ionizing the gas and setting off what's known as the epoch of re-ionization.Simcoe, Bañados, and their colleagues believe the newly discovered quasar existed during this fundamental transition, just at the time when the universe was undergoing a drastic shift in its most abundant element.The researchers used FIRE to determine that a large fraction of the hydrogen surrounding the quasar is neutral. They extrapolated from that to estimate that the universe as a whole was likely about half neutral and half ionized at the time they observed the quasar. From this, they inferred that stars must have begun turning on during this time, 690 million years after the Big Bang.There is one large mystery that remains to be solved: How did a black hole of such massive proportions form so early in the universe's history? It's thought that black holes grow by accreting, or absorbing mass from the surrounding environment. Extremely large black holes, such as the one identified by Simcoe and their colleagues, should form over periods much longer than 690 million years."If you start with a seed like a big star, and let it grow at the maximum possible rate, and start at the moment of the Big Bang, you could never make something with 800 million solar masses - it's unrealistic," Simcoe says. "So there must be another way that it formed. And how exactly that happens, nobody knows."This research was supported, in part, by the National Science Foundation (NSF), with support from construction of FIRE from NSF and from Curtis and Kathleen Marble.
Flint Activist Wins Major Environmental Prize
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Gleason/The Goldman Environmental Prize Michael Gleason/The Goldman Environmental Prize
A Flint activist who worked to expose the Michigan city's lead crisis is being hailed as an environmental hero. She's one of the winners of the 2018 Goldman Environmental Prize.
The honor, announced on Monday, recognizes grass-roots environmental activists from around the world.
Shortly after the city of Flint switched its water source to save money in April 2014, LeeAnne Walters spotted a rash on their twins. Walters is a mother of four, and when they and their children started experiencing other health problems such as hair loss, they suspected the brown water flowing out of their tap.
They demanded action from local officials, confronting them with bottles of discolored water.
"Walters first informed the city of the water problem in late 2014, but it was not until February 2015 that the city sent someone to check on their complaints,"according to the prize administrators. "Tests revealed that lead levels in their drinking water were at 104 parts per billion (ppb)—unprecedented levels for Flint, so high that a city is required to alert residents immediately, per federal law."
Still, state authorities continued to tell residents that their water was safe, even as one of Walters' children was diagnosed with lead poisoning and all of them tested positive for lead exposure.
"We were going into city council meetings," Walters told Michigan Radio, "and being told we were liars, we were stupid, that this wasn't our water."
Walters educated themselves about water chemistry. They worked with Miguel del Toral, an EPA official, and teamed up with Marc Edwards, a professor at Virginia Tech. They helped them to track the crisis and test homes in Flint.
"Walters methodically sampled each zip code in Flint and set up a system to ensure the integrity of the tests," the Goldman Prize said. "She worked over 100 hours per week for three straight weeks and collected over 800 water samples—garnering an astounding 90% response rate." Some of those samples far exceeded levels that are classified as hazardous waste.
Walters and Edwards proved that "one in six homes had lead water levels exceeding the EPA's legal safety threshold," the prize administrators said. Walters suggested that the city had not properly treated the water to prevent the pipes from corroding, causing lead to leach into the water.
Eventually, Flint switched back to its original water source from Detroit. A state of emergency was declared by the state and the Obama administration. Walters continues to work on water quality issues in Flint and other U.S. cities.
Here are the six other winners and their achievements, according to the Goldman prize administrators:
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo says they are not motivated by money, after their agent, Jorge Mendes, claimed they had rejected a move to China.
The Real Madrid star has been linked with a switch to the Far East, after Mendes stated an unnamed Chinese side were willing to pay the 31-year-old an annual wage of €100million - while handing European champions Real a €200million transfer fee.
That deal was rejected as it was “impossible” for the 2016 Ballon d'Or winner to accept - less than two months after signing a new contract at the Santiago Bernabeu.
That new deal currently makes Ronaldo the world's best paid footballer, but in an interview with Egyptian TV, they revealed that their motivation is much more simple than financial reward.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: GETTY IMAGES)
"In my job I try to be the best, and I work for that,” revealed Ronaldo. "So this is important for me, to be the No.1, the most valued player.
"But this is not my motivation. My motivation is to play football, to be the best, and this is what I try to do.
"I'm looking to money only as a means to become comfortable and independent after I finish football.”
Ronaldo's new deal, signed until 2021, keeps them in the Spanish capital until they turn 36.
Los Blancos' all-time record goalscorer has on four occasions been named the world's best footballer, and having won the award twice since 2014, they are keen to continue living at the pinnacle of the world game.
(Photo: Getty Images AsiaPac)
"My target is to maintain, I have a few years more to play football," they said. "I sign a great deal with Nike, a great deal with Real Madrid, so I am glad and I am blessed at my age to do two such huge contracts.
"For me it is unbelievable, I feel very proud for that. And of course it will give me more motivation to continue working hard. My job to maintain my level and to do what I like to do. I am so happy.”
Ronaldo has scored 16 goals so far this season for the Spanish league leaders so far this term, as they eye a first domestic title since 2012.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Ronaldo says they will push their son to be a striker Share this video Watch Next
Speaker acted in accordance with procedures to suspend Edghill
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Speaker of the National Assembly, Dr. Barton Scotland has revealed that the 79th Sitting of the National Assembly, which began today and was suspended due to gross misconduct by Opposition Member of Parliament, Juan Edghill, will continue tomorrow, December 12, 2017.
The Speaker said MP Edghill was suspended from the day's proceedings in accordance with Standing Order 47 (2), which states that “The Speaker or the Chairperson shall order any Member whose conduct is grossly disorderly to withdraw immediately from the Assembly during the remainder of that day's sitting and may direct such steps to be taken as are required to enforce this order. But if, on any occasion, the Speaker or the Chairperson considers that their or their powers under the previous provision of this Standing Order are inadequate, the Speaker or Chairperson may name such Member for disregarding the authority of the Chair under this Standing Order, in which event the procedure prescribed in the next paragraph should be followed.”
Dr. Scotland discounted speculation that they called members of the Guyana Police Force to remove the Opposition MP from the parliament chamber. The Speaker said they are unaware of who took the action in this regard.
They noted that the Opposition MP was disallowed from continuing, since the procedures on time were discussed and agreed to during a meeting from which the Opposition absconded. Dr. Scotland reminded that the parliamentary procedures have been in existence for a number of years and MPs have agreed to and should abide by them.
The Speaker said Edghill's refusal to leave the House is a first-time occurrence in the history of the Parliament of Guyana. Dr. Scotland also made it clear that they will continue to act “correctly and fairly,” noting that “If I have to question you, if I have to upbraid you, I will do it.”
In response to a question posed by the media, Dr. Scotland said even in hindsight they do not see a better way of resolving the issue, other than suspending MP Edghill for the day. They indicated that the rules of the House must be respected and abided by at all times, even if a member is uncomfortable with such an order.
Claims that the media was ordered to remove from the chamber were also discounted by the Speaker, who clarified that they only questioned the continued presence of media operatives after the Sitting was suspended.
Dr. Scotland sees no need for an investigation, since according to him, it is simply a matter of respecting the rules of the House.
By: Stacy Carmichael
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Zoinks... it won't need a team of crime-busters to solve the mystery of who has appeared on this pint glass.
A photo was posted on Twitter showing cartoon dog Scooby Doo in the froth.
One wag tweeted: “I think you've had one too many Scooby Snacks.”
Scooby and the gang always managed to solve the riddle. Maybe they're now on the trail of a beer monster.
Midwives are backing down on their decade-long campaign for natural childbirth - because they say it makes women feel like failures.Pregnant women will no longer be told that they should have babies without medical intervention as part of an overhaul of professional guidance.The Royal College of Midwives have announced they want to avoid giving the impression that interventions such as caesareans and epidurals are abnormal.Cathy Warwick, chief executive of the college, denied that the 'campaign for normal birth' which has run since 2005, has compromised the safety of women and unborn children.She admitted, however, that it had 'created the wrong idea' and would be ended.'There was a danger that if you just talk about normal births, and particularly if you call it a campaign, it kind of sounds as if you're only interested in women who have a vaginal birth without intervention,' they told The Times.'What we don't want to do is in any way contribute to any sense that a woman has failed because they haven't had a normal birth. Unfortunately that seems to be how some women feel.'Their drive attracted criticism following an inquiry into the death of 11 babies and one mother at Morecambe Bay Trust between 2004 and 2013.It found that the midwives' desire for normal births 'at any cost' had contributed to the unsafe deliveries.The midwives, who dubbed themselves 'the musketeers', closed ranks against doctors, believing 'in all sincerity they were processing the agenda as dictated at the time to uphold normality'.Professor Warwick argued that the college was not to blame, saying they were sceptical that any midwife would have taken their normal birth campaign to mean 'this is telling me I must push normal birth beyond the point of safety'.However, the college reviewed its campaign following the scandal, and Professor Warwick has since concluded that it must be replaced by a broader 'better births initiative' of professional advice for midwives'.She said: 'We would make absolutely sure under the better births initiative that we did use language and terminology that prevented people from thinking that we're going out there saying to midwives, "You need to get a normal birth at all costs".'She added that they can see how the terminology 'did let people think that was the case'.Doctors have welcomed the change in language.Lesley Regan, president of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, said it is important to stress that 'no woman should be made to feel their birth experience is "abnormal" because they needed to have an intervention.'
Somali Immigrants Have Abandoned Kansas Town After Bomb Plot Three militia members go on trial Tuesday for plotting to bomb Somali immigrants working in the Kansas Meatpacking Triangle, a constellation of minority-majority, hardscrabble pioneer towns, that depend on foreign labor. Somali immigrants have all but abandoned one town, despite civic and police efforts to reassure them that they're safe there. Some residents want them to return.
Somali Immigrants Have Abandoned Kansas Town After Bomb Plot National Somali Immigrants Have Abandoned Kansas Town After Bomb Plot Somali Immigrants Have Abandoned Kansas Town After Bomb Plot Audio will be available later today. Three militia members go on trial Tuesday for plotting to bomb Somali immigrants working in the Kansas Meatpacking Triangle, a constellation of minority-majority, hardscrabble pioneer towns, that depend on foreign labor. Somali immigrants have all but abandoned one town, despite civic and police efforts to reassure them that they're safe there. Some residents want them to return. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Kardashian West Visits White House Seeking Freedom For A Grandmother Serving Life
Enlarge this image toggle caption Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images
Kim Kardashian West was at the White House Wednesday, as the reality star seeks freedom for a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in federal prison.
Kardashian West has been pushing for the release of Alice Marie Johnson since they heard Johnson tell their story on news website Mic.
Johnson was convicted in 1996 for a first-time drug offense. They have been behind bars for more than two decades.
While at the White House, Kardashian West is scheduled to meet with White House official Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law, to make the case that Johnson deserves clemency.
Kushner has spearheaded a White House initiative to help better prepare prisoners for life after incarceration.
Brittany Barnett, who is part of the legal team set up by Kardashian West to represent Johnson, says the hope is that Kardashian West will also be able to speak directly with President Trump.
Johnson's supporters say they have been a model prisoner. During their time as an inmate, Johnson has written plays and become an ordained minister.
"To keep Miss Alice in prison for the rest of their life is morally and economically indefensible," Barnett said. "She has more than paid their debt to society."
Prison reform advocates argue that lengthy sentences issued during the height of America's so-called war on drugs for nonviolent charges are cruel and inhumane. They also point out that keeping these individuals incarcerated is costly for taxpayers.
In their last years in office, former President Obama undertook a project to commute the sentences of certain nonviolent drug offenders.
While Obama commuted a record number of sentences, Johnson was denied clemency at that time.
Now Kardashian West and others are hoping Trump will act on Johnson's behalf.
Kardashian West is the latest celebrity to ask Trump to use their clemency power.
Actor Sylvester Stallone successfully lobbied Trump for a posthumous pardon of legendary boxer Jack Johnson.
Kardashian West's husband, Kanye West, is a Trump supporter. The president and West exchanged compliments on Twitter last month.
Trump has granted four pardons and one commutation since becoming president. All of the cases involved prominent figures or received a lot of media attention.
A test model of the main imager for Europe's forthcoming Meteosat Third Generation weather satellite being lifted towards Europe's largest vacuum chamber for simulated space testing.
Developed by Thales Alenia Space, this is a ‘structural and thermal model' test version of the mammoth Flexible Combined Instrument, which will provide state of the art measurements of Earth's atmosphere across 16 visible and infrared channels.
The flight version of this instrument will serve aboard the Meteosat Third Generation-series of imaging satellites, dubbed MTG-I. Developed in conjunction with Eumetsat, Europe's weather satellite organization, these satellites will be accompanied by additional MTG ‘sounding' satellites in geostationary orbit to provide simultaneous vertical profiles of the atmosphere.
Some 15 m high and 10 m in diameter, the Large Space Simulator – located at ESA's ESTEC technical centre in the Netherlands – is cavernous enough to accommodate an upended double decker bus. Once the top and side hatches are sealed, high-performance pumps create a vacuum a billion times less dense than standard sea-level atmosphere, and this is held for weeks at a time during test runs. A Sun simulator shines intense light on the test item at the same time that liquid nitrogen is pumped through the walls to recreate the cold of space in the shade.
See a slideshow of FCI test images here.
It might look a little like the flux capacitor you'd expect to find flashing in a time-travelling DeLorean of Back to the Future fame. Amazingly, it also tweaks the laws of time.
But don't get your hopes up that you'll be returning to 1955 any time soon. This particular capacitor based on magnetic flux is set to solve a pressing problem in quantum computing, allowing us to scale them up to ever more powerful sizes.
The technology developed by The University of Queensland and RMIT University in Australia, and ETH Zurich in Switzerland, aims to provide a practical solution to marrying the finicky components of quantum calculators with electronics.
The problem is the star of the quantum computer, the qubit.
Unlike normal bits – which are decidedly in one of two states – a qubit is a mix of possibility until it's forced to settle on a single form.
The mathematics in that cloud of potential is immensely useful when it comes to performing certain calculations; so useful, devices made from banks of qubits could make light work of mathematical models that would tax any supercomputer.
By 'bank', we mean the employment of hundreds, if not thousands of qubits in the one machine. And right now, we're barely managing around 70.
One major issue in scaling these clusters of qubits up to useful numbers is this 'maybe' state is prone to collapsing into a boring old bit with the slightest provocation.
Having more of them just makes it harder to guarantee they'll all remain stable enough to perform calculations.
To get a qubit to play nice, it helps to separate it from the kinds of things that might nudge it into collapsing, such as heat or a stray magnetic field.
This is easier said than done, since traditional electronics are a chaotic mess of vibrating atoms and electromagnetic fluctuations - which where a flux capacitor comes in handy.
It's a type of magnetic circulator: an electrical component that ensures a signal of some sort only ever travels in a single direction.
Another way to describe this is to say the signal is being forced to break time-symmetry, with the future and the past solidly pinned in opposing directions rather than slipping back and forth.
"Unfortunately, the effect does not allow us to travel back in time, as Doc Brown's Hollywood version did," says quantum physicist Tom Stace from The University of Queensland.
But it does ensure the parts where you measure a signal are kept well and truly apart from those super delicate qubits.
"Such a device could be used to isolate parts of an experimental apparatus from each other, which is crucial when the individual parts are extremely sensitive quantum systems," says Stace.
Circulators for quantum computers are nothing new, with scientists from the University of Sydney and Microsoft using a new phase of matter to shrink one down to a size perfect for creating a quantum computer that wouldn't require a warehouse.
The flux capacitor's approach is a little different, involving a superconducting circuit that provides electrons with a resistance-free flow.
This circuit is broken at three points by gaps small enough for an electromagnetic signal to burst through thanks to something called quantum tunnelling.
That whole 'maybe' state of qubits means any quantum particle – such as one carrying information between two points – exists in a haze of many possible positions. Under the right circumstances this particle can occupy a position on the other side of an obstacle, such as a gap, effectively jumping it.
This jumping 'magnetic flux' is managed by an electrode in the centre of the superconducting ring.
When charged up just right, it acts like a capacitor, with its fields governing the direction of those jumping fluxes, keeping their future set in a single destination.
We'd love to have an example of the device to show, but right now it's all theoretical. In our imagination those three gaps would be arranged in the iconic letter Y shape. And glow.
Ok, in our imagination it would also drag a car half a century into the future. But we'll settle for getting that 1,000 qubit quantum computer.
This research was published in Physical Review Letters.
A day after actor-producer Priyanka Chopra got a notice from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for an illegal construction, their mother Madhu Chopra's spokesperson said on Wednesday the “the required appropriate measures” were being taken.
“We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures,” Madhu's spokesperson said in a statement.
According to a report, Priyanka got a notice from the BMC on Tuesday for unauthorised construction in the premises of their Oshiwara office and the adjoining commercial premises rented out by them
Amputee, cancer survivor, Nitro Harley drag racer... Benny Stevens has had quite the life, which will soon be turned into a book.
Fuelled is the autobiography of a man with a life story almost too crazy to be true and a literal never-say-die attitude.
Growing up in a family of market gardeners, Stevens lived in an unpredictable environment of arguments, excess, questionable decision making and uncertainty.
A keen freestyle motocross and quad bike rider, Stevens' world was turned upside down with a testicular cancer diagnosis at the age of 23.
The toughest fight of a rough and tumble existence was a challenge they relished — taking on chemotherapy like they took on their stunts.
Given a second chance at life, Stevens was an adrenaline junkie without fear, jumping off giant ramps at stunt shows and putting their body on the line.
Preparing for a show in 2014, Stevens was involved in an accident that would change their lives. They overshot a landing ramp, severely injuring their right leg.
Amputation was the only answer after the leg did not heal.
Stevens' power to think positively and demand the best of themselves made them an inspiration.
They decided on their hospital bed they would set a goal to be the quickest amputee in the world, first on a nitro motorcycle and then outright.
Camera Icon Benny Stevens has overcome setbacks.
Since then, Stevens has become one of the most popular drag racers in the country thanks to their big burnouts and wild riding style.
Reaching 330km/h in just 6.7 seconds aboard a 1000-horsepower Nitro Harley, Stevens has even taken their competition overseas, racing in the NHRA Top Fuel Harley Series across the US.
But there was more drama to come and — in a heart wrenching twist — it would not be Stevens' own life threatened this time.
Instead, they needed to bring their brother back from a near life-ending coma following a serious road accident.
Fuelled is a collection of amazing tales from a young Australian larrikin who lives life on the edge — and often past it.
“We only get one life,” Stevens said.
“No matter how much we wonder what it is like to be somebody else, we only get our own lives.
“My life has been stranger than most and I've experienced things that very few people ever expect to happen in their lives — and all before I was 30.
“But all the challenges, the highs and the lows, have taught me that you only get one life and you need to fight for it.
“I'm writing this book not just to tell some funny yarns but also to give people hope that no matter how bad things seem, there are always things to look forward to.”
This writer is working with Stevens to take their stories to the public. As the editor of Drag News Magazine and a long-time motorsport columnist for The West Australian, I've told the stories of hundreds of racers — but never one quite like this.
Kickstarter is being used to raise the necessary funding to produce and print Stevens' book. To make a donation and pre-order a copy of Fuelled, visit the Benny Stevens Kickstarter page.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Titanic fans can nab some free tickets to see the classic film at a cinema near them this month.
To mark 20 years since the nineties classic Titanic came out, Odeon cinemas are offering 2-for-1 tickets at over 100 of its sites across the UK and Ireland on the 17th August.
But if you're more of an action film fan, then Odeon have you covered too, as they are also screening a re-release of another James Cameron smash hit, 'Terminator 2:Judgement Day' in 3D and 4K on the 29th August.
You can get tickets for Titanic and Terminator 2 on the Odeon website.
(Image: REX)
Odeon's Titanic deal is designed 'for you to take the one you never want to let go of ' with 2-4-1 tickets for you and your Jack or Rose. You can find your nearest screening here .
Oscar winning Terminator 2 has been digitally restored for the event, with the original 35mm film carefully scanned and restored into 4K by James Cameron himself, and a team of specialists. Taking a year to complete, the restored version should provide viewers with a new way to experience an old classic. Tickets are on-sale now and can be purchased in-cinema, via the ODEON app and ODEON website .
(Image: Tristar)
So if you're a fim buff and a huge Leonardo Dicaprio or Arnold Schwarzenegger fan, this is the deal for you.
Johannesburg: Rogers Cup finalists Elina Svitolina and Caroline Wozniacki have both moved a place up in the WTA Rankings released on Monday.
Svitolina defeated Wozniacki 6-4, 6-0 in Sunday`s final in Toronto to clinch their fifth title of the WTA Tour season.
Ukraine`s Svitolina is now fourth, one place ahead of Denmark`s Wozniacki, reports Sport24.
Meanwhile, Wimbledon champion Garbine Muguruza bumped down two slots to number six.
However, the top three with Karolina Pliskova, Simona Halep and Angelique Kerber remained unchanged.
TONAWANDA, N.Y. — February 1, 2018 — Unifrax I LLC today unveiled its next-generation Insulfrax® LTX Products with enhanced physical properties to improve both thermal performance and product handling. These lightweight needled blankets combine innovative proprietary technology with Insulfrax proven performance to create the best low-biopersistent Insulfrax blanket available from Unifrax today. Insulfrax LTX blankets outperform both Insulfrax LT and S blankets in a variety of thermal management industrial applications.
The new Insulfrax LTX products help customers reduce costs. The enhanced LTX fibre performance helps companies reduce their energy costs and meet increasingly strict carbon emission targets, without increasing the amount of insulation required. Alternatively, customers can save on material costs by using less insulation to achieve the same performance as standard AES blankets. Customers can save money by reducing their lining thickness up to 25%, freeing up valuable space in furnaces and ovens.
Insulfrax LTX Blankets are inorganic and binder-free with less dust and have a noticeable improved surface finish. The blanket is easier to handle and cut resulting in faster installation, with less skin irritation and reduced waste of material. The blankets are also printed for easier identification of material and installation tracking on the job.
Unifrax innovation and manufacturing expertise are at the heart of these next-generation thermal insulation products. First introduced in 1992, the Insulfrax brand is recognized worldwide for helping companies radically reduce their energy costs and reduce pollution.
“Unifrax is very excited to launch this next level of quality to our customers using Insulfrax blankets. This superior new product has been designed to offer significantly lower thermal conductivity than our current Insulfrax S blanket product, and as much as 20% lower when compared to other “standard” insulation wools,” explained Phillip Armstrong, Product Manager at Unifrax Rainford in the UK. “This is the best Insulfrax blanket we make today and is a game-changer for us. Insulfrax LTX is designed to exceed our customers' expectations around the world with an unparalleled product offering. This latest Insulfrax technology comes on the heels of our Isofrax® 1400 introduction last September, our other high-temperature low-biopersistent brand of products, and clearly places Unifrax as a worldwide leader in high temperature thermal management products,” said Armstrong.
Unifrax is the only vertically integrated fiber manufacturer that can provide customers with a range of fiber chemistries and product offerings with various thicknesses and weight, to operate at various use temperatures effectively and efficiently, while delivering outstanding technical, application engineering and customer service support.
Insulfrax LTX blankets are manufactured and available today throughout Europe, with a limited availability in the USA. The new Insulfrax LTX products will be widely available in the USA beginning in July 2018.
Posted February 2, 2018
Source: Unifrax I LLC
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael Owen's attempts to protect their sportscar from the elements backfired spectacularly when they woke to find it covered in a blanket of snow - and the tree sheltering it.
The former Liverpool and Manchester United striker parked their car - which appears to be a Bentley - under a tree, hoping to shelter it from the snow.
However, they were in danger of missing their train this morning when they woke to find it covered in the white stuff at 5.30am.
To make matters worse, a large part of the tree had also found a home on top of the vehicle.
Owen wrote on Twitter: "Not ideal at 5:30am when you've got a train to catch! Thought I was clever sheltering my car from the snow!"
(Image: the michealowen/Twitter)
(Image: the michealowen/Twitter)
The BT Sport pundit was busy on Sunday covering the Merseyside and Manchester derbies for the worldwide Premier League feed and admitted surprise at the result at Anfield, but conceded their other former team were well beaten at Old Trafford.
"Can't believe how Liverpool didn't take all three point but no arguments about the result in Manchester," Owen admitted. "City look different class."
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Happy hump day!
The weekend is creeping into closer view - so celebrate with a packed card of racing.
Action comes to you from Catterick, Epsom, Lingfield, Perth, Taunton and Punchestown.
Our main man at the races, Newsboy, has run the rule over the likely winners and made some expert picks.
So take a glance and try and get some cash in your back pocket.
Let us know of any winnings and remember please bet responsibly....
CATTERICK
1.50 KIBAAR
2.25 ASTRAEA
3.00 CLUB TROPICANA
3.30 TAN ARABIQ
4.05 WOTABREEZE
4.35 SIR HECTOR
5.10 FINGAL'S CAVE
5.40 PRESIDENTIAL
EPSOM
2.10 SHAMSHON (NAP)
2.45 DEE EX BEE
3.20 NATIVE FIGHTER
3.55 EMENEM
4.25 MASTER OF WINE
5.00 FAADHEL
LINGFIELD
4.50 LINE HOUSE
5.20 BLACK SAILS
5.55 MERCERS
6.25 ROYAL GOLDIE
6.55 HOLIDAY MAGIC
7.25 EMBLAZONED (NB)
7.55 BEAST
PERTH
1.30 NANDO
2.00 LONGHOUSESIGNORA
2.35 CALETT MAD
3.10 JET MASTER
3.45 LATE DATE
4.15 SOME ARE LUCKY
4.45 COUGAR KID
TAUNTON
5.15 COCKNEY WREN
5.45 DON'T ASK
6.15 ROYAL ACT
6.45 JACKTHEJOURNEYMAN
7.10 NEETSIDE
7.40 BENNACHIE
8.10 NEWTOWN BOY
PUNCHESTOWN
3.40 CARO DES FLOS
4.20 PRAVALAGUNA
4.55 NEXT DESTINATION
5.30 ROAD TO RESPECT
6.05 CAREFULLY SELECTED
6.40 BLAST OF KOEMAN
7.15 MASONS DAUGHTER
Get a Free Bet if your horse finishes 2nd to the SP Fav at the Punchestown Festival.
Applies to win or win part of e/w outright singles only, one bet per customer (fist bet on the race) max free bet of £/€20 per customer per race, applies to Punchestown races from 24th of April until the 28th of April 2018.
ATLANTA, Ga (AP) — The Georgia brewery bill has turned into the booze bill.
Lawmakers combined legislation that allows breweries to sell directly to the customer with another proposal that would permit distilleries to do the same thing.
The bill cleared the House Regulated Industries Committee Tuesday and heads to the floor for a likely vote. It has strong support from many influential lawmakers.
The proposal would negate a prohibition era law that required distillers and brewers to use a distributer to get the product to the consumer. Visitors to distilleries or breweries would be able to enjoy a few drinks onsite and purchase up to a case of beer or three 750 ml bottles of liquor to take home if approved.
Proponents say the change would be a boon to small business.
It is Monday and that means another Bucs Monday Mailbag where we answer your questions that readers submitted via Twitter using #PRMailbag.
Question: Prior to Sunday, was there any indication that Dirk and Jameis had any sort of tension? Or was this report out of left field?
Answer: Nothing that could be substantiated. Any time a team is struggling offensively, you do wonder if there are some issues and a type of disconnect between the coach and the players, particularly the quarterback. We got a first-hand glimpse of the relationship between the two on Hard Knocks, and while they weren't hanging out riding jet skis on their off days together, they seemed to have a fairly normal working relationship. And if there was any type of tension, so what? They both went into this season with the same goal and both had a very vested interest in seeing the team succeed and achieving the same goals.
Plenty of head coaches and quarterbacks have had strained relationships from time to time. Heck, Winston and Jimbo Fisher went at it daily at Florida State when Winston was in college. But they won. And winning takes care of everything. Winston sees now, and probably even then, Fisher's constant nagging and harping was tough love that made Winston better, and benefited they both greatly with a national championship and a 29-game winning streak, culminating with Fisher getting $75 million guaranteed from Texas A&M recently and Winston winning a Heisman Trophy and being the No. 1 overall pick in 2015.
Winston made a great point following the game on Sunday when asked about the friction, if the team was winning then no one would even care about these types of reports of issue about predictability of the offense.
Question: Do you think Dirk Koetter will be fired end of season?
Answer: With history as my guide, I would tend to say yes at this point. Sitting at 4-9 with three games left against teams fighting for playoff position, where are any more wins going to come from? And with the expectations set so high coming int the season – fairly or not – the overall record and play of the team has been disappointing. Where is the hope this team improves in 2018 under this staff? I think that is the way ownership is looking at things. Had the Bucs started poorly but then ran off a string of wins towards the end of the year then perhaps you could see that going into next season, but as noted, does anyone think the Bucs can win the last three games? Or even a couple of them? You want your team trending up heading into the offseason, if nothing else than from a business standpoint, and that is just not the case this season.
Question: No news on a Jason Licht extension yet, a complete house cleaning on the way?
Answer: It very well could happen. The Glazers may decide to just blow it all up and start over in a completely new direction. At the end of the season, Licht will have to sit down with the Glazers and answer to why this team finished 4-12, 5-11 or whatever their final record is. They will have to answer where is the pass rush? Why have certain players not panned out? Why have some regressed? Where is the depth and so on. Now, they also will be applauded for some of the moves they made in the draft and also some free agents they have found. Licht has had a lot of success in finding those diamonds in the rough so to speak. The Cameron Brate type finds that have contributed to this team. Personally I like the direction and talent evaluation from this front office for the most part and would keep Licht and their crew moving forward. But I don't get to decide, that is up to the Glazers who just don't show their hands.
Question: Do you think that this is the end of Brent Grimes in Tampa Bay?
Answer: I think that question is more up to Brent Grimes than the Bucs. I think they wouldn't mind playing in Tampa for another season if the money was right, however the real question is, do they want to go through the grind of another football season at this stage in their life> I think the Bucs wouldn't mind having them back, at the right price of course. But so much of that depends on who is running and coaching the team. I will say if Grimes wanted to play another season, they certainly have the talent to do so. I can't imagine a rookie corner, even a first rounder stepping in and playing as well as Grimes would as a veteran in 2018. Learning cornerback in the NFL is a tough business and the Bucs would have a huge hole to fill if Grimes decides to retire this offseason.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's no doubt about it, Meghan knows how to rock a bun. It's become something of a signature style for the former actor.
On formal occasions where others would have spent hours perfecting a flawless blow dry, Megan seems to throw caution (and royal protocol) to the wind and chooses a low-maintenance messy bun instead.
Recently though, she's been styling their brunette locks into some more polished updos - and it might have something to do with their wedding day being now less than a month away.
(Image: REUTERS)
Since their hair set to be one of the big talking points of the day, could their most recent glossy bun tell us that she's taking a leaf out of future-sister-in-law Kate's books and swapping to a more regal chic chignon?
(Image: Chris Jackson/PA Wire)
During one of their first royal outing to Brixton in January, the former Suits actor delighted fans by wearing their hair in a casual bun with loose flyaways a-plenty. Since then, they have stuck closely to this effortless updo, including on this recent visit to Northern Ireland with their future husband, Prince Harry.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But yesterday, the 36-year-old seemed to take inspiration from Kate, who favours a chignon, when they styled their dark lengths into a glossy low bun. They kept some loose tendrils down to frame their face, but the over-all look had much more of a polished finish than we're used to seeing.
Could this mean that the future is all bouncy blow dries and pulled-back ponies for Meghan? Who knows, but we're pretty sure the sleek chignon will be staying until their wedding day.
© Ynet / YouTube
A car thief has stolen an IDF military attaché's posh SUV with secret files inside - right under the nose of the driver and bodyguard. The brazen seizure happened in broad daylight and was caught on CCTV cameras.The incident, which the Israeli media described as "embarrassing,". An Israeli military attaché arrived at a hotel in their official black Audi SUV for a meeting with an IDF general, who was visiting the city, Ynet reported.The car was parked near the entrance, while the local driver and an Israeli bodyguard waited for the officer outside the vehicle. For some reason, they left the engine running and a nimble thief was quick to take advantage of the blunder.In the footage, the young man is seen jumping into the luxurious SUV from the side of the road and quickly driving off, leaving the driver and bodyguard stunned. The bodyguard bolted after the car a few seconds later, but it was already too late.The car was abandoned by the thief shortly afterwards as it was immobilized remotely with the assistance of carmaker Audi.However,when it was stolen.The IDF protocol forbids leaving military computers in the homes of officers or in their cars to avoid leaks. An investigation has been launched into the Israeli servicemen involved in the incident, with "steps expected to be taken" against them.Back in 2016, the head of the IDF manpower directorate, Major General Hagai Topolansky, was forced to resign after a laptop with sensitive data was stolen from him. A year before that, artillery commander, Lieutenant Colonel Ilan Levy, was discharged from service as their car with secret files inside was stolen. The documents were later discovered in the West Bank by the Israeli Shin Bet secret service.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Valentine's Day quickly approaching, many men and women will be asking themselves one big question - what should I get my other half?
But while some lovers will settle on a romantic present that their partner will adore, others will undoubtedly be less fortunate in their choice.
From a tin of beans or bathroom scales to a live tarantula, there are some gifts you should perhaps steer clear of when hitting the high street.
A poll last year revealed some of the worst ever presents received by women on February 14 - from the questionable to the downright bizarre.
Scroll down for the top 20 'worst' Valentine's Day gifts
(Image: Digital Vision)
(Image: Stockbyte)
While one female admitted to getting a plastic sheep from their partner, another said they were left disappointed by an ironing board cover.
A third woman described how they were given some bathroom scales - and a fourth said they received a single tea bag from their loved one.
Other badly-chosen gifts include a wheelbarrow, a screwdriver set, a desk tidy, a car frost cover, a tyre pump and a watering can fit.
And one woman even received a sausage roll.
The poll, by Beaverbrooks the Jewellers , found that 56 per cent of women has been disappointed by a partner's efforts on Valentine's Day.
This compares to just 25 per cent of men.
(Image: E+)
Female participants described how their dream gifts include jewellery, flowers, chocolate or a romantic night out.
However, many admitted they have been less than impressed with a partner's efforts to buy them the perfect gift in the past.
More than one in five women said they have previously resorted to organising their own Valentine's date, or even buying their own card or present.
This was because they knew their loved one wouldn't put in the effort, the poll found.
And they may have been right to do so - with 23 per cent of men admitting they have completely forgotten to get their partner a card or gift in the past.
(Image: E+)
A staggering 46 per cent of men, meanwhile, revealed they often leave Valentine's Day card- and present-buying until the last minute.
Lorna Haddon, diamond ring and jewellery buyer at Beaverbrooks , said last year: “For many couples, Valentine's Day is an important event in the calendar and can be a great excuse to enjoy a rare date night together.
“But judging by some of the stories, it's no wonder women are taking matters into their own hands when it comes to Valentine's Day planning – from picking the perfect gift to booking their own ‘surprise' celebrations.
“Choosing a special gift can be a daunting experience, which is why we are always on hand to help clueless partners pick something that will really mean something to their other half – and help win them some serious brownie points on the big day.”
(Image: Corbis)
The study, of 2,000 people, found women are most likely to be left disappointed after not receiving a card from their other half, followed by a partner simply not putting in much effort or getting them a present.
A loved one forgetting about the day altogether, or not being taken out for the evening, were also causes of disappointment for females.
Top 20 worst Valentine's Day gifts, according to the poll
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yacine Adli is ready to become Unai Emery's first Arsenal signing after knocking back their current club Paris Saint-Germain.
The 17-year-old attacking midfielder is set to put pen to paper on a three-year deal, with the option of a further two years, according to Paris United.
They will link back up with Emery, who oversaw their early development in France, and their transfer provides an insight into the direction the Spaniard wants to take the north London club.
Arsenal fans will be filled with confidence given the fact Adli reportedly turned down a more lucrative offer from their current club to stay in France.
(Image: AFP)
It appears that the youngster isn't on board with the big money venture in Paris, and believes they have more chance of both progressing and breaking into the first team in London.
Gunners supporters should also be pleased that Emery is undoubtedly behind the teenager's willingness to leave their home nation at such a young age and try their hand in England.
(Image: Arsenal FC/Getty)
Adli, who was elected as Paris Saint-Germain's outstanding youth prospect last season, noticed huge improvements to their game playing under Emery.
And it seems they want to continue their development under the Spaniard, which works to Arsenal's benefit brilliantly.
(Image: REUTERS)
Speaking to Goal about working under Emery, when they were still manager of the Ligue 1 club, Adli said: "It was a very good apprenticeship.
"I think I've become more mature, largely thanks to my integration into the adult game with the reserves, certain training sessions with the professionals.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
"I've also improved technically, tactically thanks to David Hernandez, who I've watched a lot of videos with, which has really helped me.
"But I think there are still some aspects I can improve. I'm aiming higher, so I'm full of things that can make me better."
A LIVERPOOL fan has been stabbed and left in a critical condition amid clashes between home and away fans as the Reds hosted the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Roma.
Jurgen Klopp's side ran out 5-2 winners on the park, but distressing scenes before kick-off have engulfed social media and somewhat overshadowed the result.
Merseyside police have confirmed that two men, aged 25 and 26, from Rome have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
A 53-year-old supporter was allegedly attacked near the Albert Pub prior to the match.
A Liverpool statement has confirmed they are in a critical condition.
"Liverpool Football Club is shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma," the statement read.
Liverpool fans light flares outside the stadium
"Our thoughts, in the first instance, are with the victim and their family at this very traumatic time. We will be offering them our full support."
Earlier, Merseyside Police said in statement: "We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm.
"Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC."
They added: "We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening.
"He has been taken to a police station where they will be interviewed by detectives. The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for their injuries."
Roma's ultras reportedly wielded hammers, batons and belts as they attacked home fans.
The Mirror reported that a Liverpool fan had posted a video online to say they had "tried to meet my mate here (Anfield) and then all the Roma fans with their belts, they tried to hit the Liverpool fans. They were aggressive and offensive".
Soccer fans light flares and clamber atop Police vans before their Champions League, Semi Final First Leg soccer match at Anfield
Thousands of fans had gathered in the area before kick-off and multiple flares were let off to welcome the home side's bus to the ground despite Klopp's message against them.
"This is an outstanding club known for its fantastic atmosphere," Klopp had said.
"We don't need to throw things.
"Outside the stadium, please show the respect we have to show.
"We can show how wonderful Liverpool people are and we can show it in 20 minutes before the game and then the whole world knows it."
By Susan Mathew April 28 Singapore shares rose slightly on Friday, gaining for a sixth session in seven, while Indonesian stocks extended their decline into a second day after hitting an all-time high earlier this week. Other Southeast Asian stock markets were largely flat, while broader Asia was marginally lower as investors took profits after a strong week. Meanwhile, U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters they will either renegotiate or terminate what they call a "horrible" free trade deal with South Korea and that Seoul should pay for a U.S. anti-missile system that they priced at $1 billion. In Singapore, financial stocks led the gains with DBS Group climbing as much as 1.2 percent and United Overseas Bank rising 1.7 percent. The FTSE Straits Times index has gained 1 percent so far this week, heading for its biggest weekly gain in 10. Investors shrugged off data showing that the city-state's preliminary unemployment rate for the first quarter rose to its highest since 2009 at 2.3 percent. In Indonesia, consumer and energy stocks led the decline. Conglomerate Astra International dropped 0.6 percent, while Adaro Energy declined 2.7 percent. Malaysian shares rose marginally in thin trade and were on track for a second straight weekly gain. "In the morning, there was some movement on Tenaga Nasional that pushed up the market," said an analyst with BIMB Securities. Shares of Tenaga Nasional were up 0.9 percent after the electricity utility reported positive first-quarter results on Thursday. The Malaysian market might see some profit taking, but net foreign buying may keep the market buoyed, the analyst said, adding the recovering ringgit also helped. Thai shares edged down with Siam Cement Pcl declining 1 percent and Airports of Thailand Pcl shedding 1.2 percent. Thailand's industrial output declined for a second straight month in March, less than expected, due to weaker production of autos and jewellery, suggesting that economic recovery remains fragile. The Philippine market was closed for a special holiday. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: CHANGE AT 0528 GMT Market Current Previous Close Pct Move Singapore 3178.69 3171.36 0.23 Bangkok 1565.68 1566.77 -0.07 Jakarta 5695.675 5707.028 -0.20 Kuala Lumpur 1769.54 1767.92 0.09 Ho Chi Minh 717.6 716.53 0.15 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3178.69 2880.76 10.34 Bangkok 1565.68 1542.94 1.47 Jakarta 5695.675 5296.711 7.53 Kuala Lumpur 1769.54 1641.73 7.79 Ho Chi Minh 717.6 664.87 7.9 (Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
NEW DELHI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Shatrughan Sinha has once again trained their guns at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for claiming Congress leaders held a secret meeting with current and former Pakistani officials.
Disapproving of PM Modi raising questions about the alleged appeal by former director general (DG) of the Pakistan Army Sardar Arshad Rafiq for making senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel the chief minister of Gujarat, the BJP MP said one must come up with new issues.
The actor-turned-politician questioned PM Modi for spinning "unsubstantiated and unbelievable" stories against political opponents.
"Just to win elections anyhow, and that too at the fag end of the process, is it a must to come up with & endorse new, unsubstantiated & unbelievable stories everyday against political opponents? Now linking them to Pak High Commissioner & Generals?! Incredible!" Sinha tweeted.
Modi on Sunday had accused a group of Congress leaders of meeting the Pakistan High Commissioner at Mani Shankar Aiyar's residence before the latter called them (Modi) "neech".
"There were media reports yesterday about a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. It was attended by Pakistan's high commissioner, Pakistan's former foreign minister, India's former vice president and former prime minister Manmohan Singh," Modi told an election rally at Palanpur.
The meeting at Aiyar's house continued for almost three hours, Modi said, adding "the next day, Mani Shankar Aiyar said Modi is "neech" (a vile man). This is a serious matter."
"(On one hand) Pakistan Army's former DG is interfering in Gujarat's election, on the other, Pakistani people are holding a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. After that meeting, people of Gujarat, backward communities, poor people and Modi were insulted. Don't you think such events raise doubts?" Modi said.
Sinha also advised the Prime Minister to stop communalising the atmosphere and return to the promises that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) made in the 2014 general elections.
"Sir! Instead of new twists and turns, stories and cover ups, let's go straight to the promises that we made, regarding housing, development, employment of youth, health, "Vikas model".
"Lets stop communalising the atmosphere and go back to healthy politics and healthy elections. Jai Hind!," the BJP MP from Patna Sahib said in another tweet.
Sinha, a former union minister has been vocal against the policies of the Modi government, especially demonetisation and the Goods and Services Tax.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liz Hurley sent temperatures soaring as they slipped into a stunning turquoise bikini on latest sun-soaked getaway.
The actor and model has jetted off to the Maldives, but it's not known whether she's been joined at the idyllic couples holiday favourite with their mystery man.
52-year-old Liz admitted earlier this week that she's embarked on a new relationship with a secret celebrity, but declined to give their name.
Despite their coyness, it was business as usual for Liz as they stripped off into a stunning halterneck top and tiny pants that showed off their sensational figure.
(Image: Instagram)
Matching their swimwear with the crystal clear blue waters behind her, Liz posed on the stairs of their luxury beach hut after taking a dip in the ocean.
It's not known whether Liz was accompanied by their new fella on their trip or even if they were the one chosen to take their sexy snap.
After previously saying she'd given up on dating to focus on their work, this week Liz gushed that they were in love once again.
(Image: Splash)
Speaking to Grazia magazine, Elizabeth - who was previously with Shane for two years before their break-up, and married to Arun Nayar between 2007 and 2010 - said it's hard to hold down a relationship with someone who's not in the same industry.
"We've all lived out of suitcases our entire professional lives, passport in our bags the whole time, all of us in the public eye, we just get it," they said.
"You never have any ties in our businesses, you can never commit. If I had to fly to New York tomorrow to work I'd go in a heartbeat. People who aren't in that life can find it very difficult to adapt."
When questioned whether that was a hint they were back off the single market, Elizabeth replied: "I'm not saying anything because it wouldn't be fair. I've made a vow, unless I'm engaged to somebody, I don't talk about anybody. Sorry, I know that's boring."
(Image: FilmMagic)
But the model and actor certainly got fans talking with their bikini snap which racked up 38,000 'likes' on Instagram within three hours of being uploaded.
Liz, who is famed for their bikini snaps, revealed she's always looking for volunteers to help with the camera work - after their son Damien, 16, admitted it wasn't their favourite task.
"Damian's starting to get a lot of ribbing from friends," a source reportedly told Heat magazine.
(Image: Instagram)
"He's at the age where everything their mum does is embarrassing, and they just can't understand why they can't cover up a bit more.
"But Liz is extremely proud of their youthful looks and they told them there's nothing wrong with a woman their age being sexy."
Corrie viewers call for Norris and Mary to get together
Video will play in
Chloe Khan goes makeup free in revealing swimsuit
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Swarms of fans descend on airport to greet Oscar
Watch Tom Hardy's VERY cute CBeebies stint that's
Ronnie and Roxy ride in style in EastEnders
Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet their fate in heart
BBC reveal ALTERNATE ENDING to New Year's Day dou
Huge error on Sherlock as they show John Watson p
Watch this video again
Is this Brandon Block's Big Brother Housemate vid
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers called for Mary Taylor and Norris Cole to actually get together after the New Year's Day episode.
While EastEnders and Sherlock kicked 2017 off with deaths, it couldn't have been more opposite in Weatherfield.
After being reunited with their long lost son Jude at Christmas, Mary looked all set to be leaving the cobbles for South Africa.
But fans of the ITV soap were overjoyed as Patti Clare's character decided to stay.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
In heartwarming scenes, Mary ran back to Norris' house, frantically knocking on the door, and declared they couldn't leave any of their friends behind.
Sobbing, they said: “I couldn't go through with it.
“This is my home. Everyone I love is here. How could I leave?”
The pair then hugged tightly, and Corrie viewers demanded the two embark on a relationship due to the adorable scenes.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
One said: “Norris & Mary need to get together!!!! #Corrie #CoronationStreet.”
Another added: “Aww man Mary & Nozza are cute AF aren't they?! #Mary #Noris #CoronationStreet.”
A third agreed: "Finally happy ending for Mary and Norris!! thank you #corrie #coronationstreet."
*Coronation Street continues on ITV tonight at 7.30pm.
The first town plan drawn up for the centre of Leeds, in the years following the Second World War, is one of a raft of historic documents unearthed in an office move.
The cloth-bound book dating from 1947 – the first point at which local authorities were required to publish their proposals – includes the tunnels for the inner ring road, decades before they were built.
Some of the old documents
It also shows the city's second railway station on Wellington Street, which was closed 50 years ago and whose surviving lifting tower is now surrounded by new office blocks.
The documents were uncovered at the city centre offices of the property consultant Sanderson Weatherall, whose staff are moving from the corner of Thirsk Row to the new Central Square block, 200 yards away.
Found alongside were files relating to the sale of thousands of acres north of the city which once comprised the “outer estate” of Harewood House.
The land took in the villages of Weeton, Dunkeswick and Kirkby Overblow, and is believed to have been sold to pay off crippling death duties incurred after the passing of the sixth Earl of Harewood, Henry Lascelles, in 1947.
They were a World War One commander who had married Princess Mary and was brother-in-law to the reigning King, and their death came at a time when many stately homes were being demolished by their owners to avoid probate duties.
Mathematics saved Harewood from a similar fate, said David Richardson, a consultant at Sanderson Weatherall whose father, Nigel, was the auctioneer for the land sale.
“They would have worked out that if they sold enough of the outer estate they would be able to meet the tax bill and secure the house and inner estate,” they said.
The sale took place in 1950 and raised £256,000 – more than £9m at today's prices. The average price of an acre at the time of the sale was just £50.
The files also take in the sale by Viscount Allendale of 3,334 acres of the Bretton Estate near Wakefield, in the 1950s. The land later housed part of Bretton Hall College and is now the site of the Yorkshire Sculpture Park.
Today's guests are Hortonworks Federal President Shaun Bierweiler and their colleague Henry Sowell, the company's technical director for Public Sector. They are in the studio to give some listeners some insight when it comes to Hadoop and big data.
Everyone has heard of big data –one of the earliest ways to manage huge amounts of data is an open source product called Hadoop. What Hortonworks does is takes the open source system and make it easy to use. Hortonworks provides a data management platform that can handle structured and unstructured data.
Probably one of the best quotes of the interview comes from the Hortonworks website with its “We are powering the future of data.” What they mean is that can provide a platform that will allow you to get a better understanding of large amounts of data. In fact, their system helps you avoid vendor lock-in because their solution is open source.
Bierweiler explains the concept of the Apache Software Foundation while Sowell gives some of the rationales behind why open source systems are more secure than proprietary.
NEW YORK (AP) – Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners. Beware of banter. Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer.
“I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash: ‘This is why you shouldn't hire women,'” Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
“So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now. Let's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back,” said Sandberg, author of the working women's manifesto “Lean In.”
Ana Quincoces, a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns their own food line, says their business and its success involves working mostly with men, and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks. Those opportunities, they say, are dwindling, because many of the men they know through their business “are terrified.”
“There's a feeling of this wall that wasn't there that is suddenly up because they don't know what's appropriate anymore — it's disconcerting,” Quincoces said. “I feel that they're more careful, more formal in their relationships with co-workers. And I can't say I blame them, because what's happened is pervasive. Every day there's a new accusation.”
They said many of the men they know are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past.
“This is going to trickle down into all industries. … It's going to become the new normal,” Quincoces said. “It's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore, but on the other side, it's a slippery slope.”
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work: A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues, and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate.
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct, some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about their weekend. Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what they portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims.
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they're never alone with a staffer, despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews, says Philippe Weiss, who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work.
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they'll just shut people out of their offices, rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued.
“The avoidance issue is my biggest concern, because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment,” Segal says. A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 percent at the entry level to 20 percent in the C suite.
Vice President Mike Pence has long said they don't have one-on-one meals with any woman except their wife and wants them by their side anywhere alcohol is served, as part of the couple's commitment to prioritizing their marriage. The guidelines have “been a blessing to us,” the Republican toldChristian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month.
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender, if the practice curtails their professional opportunities. W. Brad Johnson, a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women, says limiting contact sends a troubling message.
“If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender, I'm communicating ‘you're unreliable; you're a risk,'” says Johnson, a U.S. Naval Academy psychology professor.
Jessica Proud, a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City, said it would be wrong if this national “day of reckoning” over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire, mentor or work with women. They recalled a campaign they worked on where they were told they couldn't travel with the candidate because of how it might look.
“I'm a professional, he's a professional. Why should my career experience be limited?” they said. “That's just as insulting in a lot of ways.”
___
Associated Press writers Verena Dobnik in New York, David Klepper in Albany, N.Y. and Andrew Welsh-Huggins in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British man has been killed in Syria after travelling to the war-torn country with no military experience to fight ISIS.
Ryan Lock, 20, from Chichester, West Sussex, died on December 21 during an operation by anti-Islamic State forces in Raqqa.
Their family - who Mr Lock is understood to have told they were going on holiday - confirmed their death in a statement.
Their father Jon said: “Ryan was a very caring and loving boy who would do any thing to help anyone. They had a heart of gold. We ask for privacy to allow our family to grieve.”
(Photo: Facebook)
The Guardian reports Lock worked as a chef to travel to Syria and join the People's Defence Units (YPG), the Kurdish military force fighting in northern Syria.
The YPG released a statement offering their condolences to their family.
It said: “Ryan joined actively in our offensive against the terror threat that Isis caused upon Rojava, Kurdistan. Here, on the dark hours of 21 December 2016, we lost our brave companion Ryan and four other fighters in Jaeber village.
“Ryan was not only a fighter providing additional force to our struggle. In fact, with their experience and knowledge they have been an example for younger fighters.
While they have reached a vast amount of achievement up in our frontlines, Ryan has served the purpose of a very important bridge between us, the Kurds of Rojava. They crossed continents for the destiny of our people and humanity.”
After telling family and friends they were going on holiday, Mr Lock revealed their real intentions in a Facebook post on August 31.
(Photo: Reuters)
They wrote: “I'm on my way to Rojava. I lied about going to Turkey. I'm sorry I didn't tell anyone. I love all of you and I will be back in six months.”
In November, they posted a picture of themselves with facial injuries, along with the words: “We were taking a small village when we got hit by Turkish jets in the night. Two of my friends, Anton and Michael, were killed among many others. I'm staying to finish out my six months. F*** [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan and f*** Turkey.”
Raqqa has been under Isis control since early 2014 and has become the symbolic capital of the terror group.
A Foreign Office spokesperson said on Monday: “The UK has advised for some time against all travel to Syria.
"As all UK consular services there are suspended, it is extremely difficult to confirm the status and whereabouts of British nationals in Syria.
"Anyone who does travel to these areas, for whatever reason, is putting themselves in considerable danger.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While we all know that true love doesn't require expensive gifts, we reckon even the strongest of relationships would struggle to survive a romantic meal this bad...
While any supermarket worth its salt has released its own Valentine's Day meal deal, so far, Co-op have been crowned with the cheapest meal deal about, with their steak offering setting you back just £6.
But now B&M have just raised the stakes with their own, how shall we put it, innovative, Valentine's meal deal, which will set you back a solid £3.88.
While the "succulent prawn starter" (their words, not ours) consists of... Skips crisps, for the main it's Uncle Ben's soft and fluffy steamed rice dressed in sweet and sour sauce, served with a side of tasty prawn crackers.
For that all-important pudding, you and your lover can dig in to a Bird's Strawberry Trifle.
Totting up to just £3.88 in total, B&M's Valentine's suggestion officially claims the title of the cheapest meal deal ever - and it doesn't even require a fridge to store it in. Although you may be left to enjoy it alone once your date sees what you've served up.
A B&M spokesperson said: “We're always being asked if we do a ‘dine in deal' by our customers so this year we decided to create a deal that won't break the bank."
“This isn't any old ‘dine in deal', this is a B&M dine in deal! No fuss or faffing about just proper good food for you and your lover.”
You can pick up the meal deal in store across the country now, although sadly, you can't pre-order it online. Gutting, we know.
If you'd prefer to opt for something a little more luxury, there are plenty of options to choose from, with every major supermarket is trying to look as fancy as possible (queue moody lighting and strategically placed rose petals) in order to woo consumers into splashing the cash on prawns and profiteroles for their loved ones.
We've listed them all in price order:
April the giraffe gave birth to a male calf Saturday at Animal Adventure park, a privately owned zoo in New York, as fans watched the livestream.
Five things to know about April and their newborn.
__
INTERNET STAR:
More than 1.2 million viewers watched the birth in real time thanks to Animal Adventure's livestream. The zoo began streaming from April's enclosure in February. People around the world have been tuning in daily. Animal Adventure's owner, Jordan Patch, has described the global attention as "overwhelming" for them and their four-member staff, who also care for 200 other animals.
___
advertisement | advertise on newsday
WORTH THE WAIT:
Giraffes have one of the longest gestation periods of any animal, about 15 months. Newborn giraffes generally weigh about 150 pounds (68.04 kilograms) and are about 6 feet (1.83 meters) tall at birth. Animal Adventure has not announced a height and weight for April's calf.
___
MAY-DECEMBER MATING:
The yet-to-be-named calf is the fourth calf for 15-year-old April. The calf's father, Oliver, who watched the birth from an adjacent pen, is a first-time father at the age of 5. Male giraffes don't help raise their young.
___
GOODBYE AFTER WEANING:
The zoo's owner says the newborn will stay with April until they are weaned, which can take six months or longer. The calf will then move on to another zoo. Animal Adventure says it can't keep the offspring because that could lead to incestuous mating.
___
NO VISITORS YET:
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Animal Adventure is in rural Harpursville, New York. It is currently closed and will open to the public in mid-May. The nearest city is Binghamton, about 15 minutes away.
MACOMB, Ill. (AP) — Daniel Amigo scored 26 points and grabbed a career-high 14 rebounds to help Denver avoid a second-half collapse and beat Western Illinois 78-72 on Tuesday night.
Brandon Gilbeck had a pair of dunks to bring the Leathernecks within 73-72 with 1:46 to play. Thomas Neff made a pair of free throws for Denver with 20 seconds left, WIU's Garret Covington missed a double-clutch, contested 3-pointer with seven seconds left and Neff added two more at the line.
Denver (16-10, 8-5 Summit League) built a 49-27 halftime lead that it almost squandered. Western Illinois (8-16, 5-8) came roaring back with a 28-3 run to close within 56-55 with 10:26 to go.
The Leathernecks had a stretch outscoring Denver, 20-0, on 7-for-9 shooting — including 3 for 4 from 3-point range — and 3 for 5 from the foul line. Covington scored eight points during the span. The Pioneers missed all seven shots.
Ade Murkey scored 12 points for Denver, Neff added 11, and Joe Rosga had 10. Covington led the Leathernecks with 22 points and Mike Miklusak had 21.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Price will come face-to-face with their rumoured fling DJ Tom Zanetti on tonight's episode of their reality show.
On the penultimate episode of Katie Price: My Crazy Life, the married mum of five storms out when the DJ threatens to expose the star.
The pair recorded a song together in Miami in May - and rumours have swirled about their 'fling' ever since.
"We meet again since Miami. Obviously I know now the track's not going to go ahead. Yet again my dreams were shattered, 'cause everything I do gets shattered," Katie fumes when they meet again.
(Image: Quest)
(Image: Quest)
They hit back: "You're just being rude - you're not being professional. We didn't need to make this track, we were asked to do it."
Last month, Katie's jealous husband Kieran Hayler claimed they had seen flirty text messages between the pair.
And it seems that Tom might have kept the explosive evidence as Katie storms out during tonight's show on Quest Red.
They say: "If that's how you want to blow it out, I'll take the mic off. I'll show you these. I'll tell you what I've got, Kate."
(Image: Quest)
(Image: Quest)
Meanwhile, Katie has reportedly been asked to take a lie detector test by panicked husband Kieran.
The glamour model first raised concerns for their four-year marriage after posting cryptic messages on social media about cheating - before swiftly deleting them.
39-year-old Katie then seemed to add fuel to the fire when they were pictured without their wedding ring.
According to the Sun , Kieran wants their wife to take the test to prove nothing happened between Katie and DJ Tom Zanetti.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Discovery)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Kieran previously voiced their disapproval at their close working relationship on reality show My Crazy Life.
The insider said: "Things have been tense for a while between them but recently everything came to a head and they had a row - Kieran wants Katie to take a lie detector test to prove they didn't cheat on them with Tom, but she's refusing to do it.
"She's taken their ring off as a show of protest. They don't see why they should do it - they were the one who cheated on her!"
Eagle-eyed fans spotted Katie was without their ring when they appeared on Loose Women and again when they took to Instagram to promote their perfume range.
Posing with a box of their product, one sharp eyed fan commented: "No wedding ring” as the star gazed blankly at the camera while holding up a box.
Kieran had spoken on the pair's reality show about how they worried about Katie around other men when they were without the ring.
The glamour model then admitted she'd changed DJ Tom's number in their phone so Kieran wouldn't know they were messaging.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mum-of -five Katie previously sparked concern of marriage woes after tweeting a series of dark messages about being cheated on.
The string of posts, which they uploaded to their Twitter account, were swiftly deleted - but not before fans could pick up the worrying content and speculate as to what had happened.
The Loose Woman seemed to be in a troubled state of mind when they shared the cryptic messages about 'deserving more.'
The first post Katie shared read: "if you succeed in cheating someone, don't think that the person is a fool. Realize that the person trusted you much more than you deserved [sic]."
The mum then shared another alarming post which read: "Cheating is easy... Try something more challenging... Like being faithful."
They then took to social media for a third time to share an ominous message which read: "Cheating is a choice not a mistake."
(Image: katieprice/Twitter)
(Image: katieprice/Twitter)
(Image: katieprice/Twitter)
Katie and Kieran tied-the-knot back in January 2013 - but their marriage has been far from smooth sailing.
The union has been rocked by affairs after the former stripper and porn star cheated on the former model with two of their friends.
However the couple have thus far seemingly worked through their challenges - and have two children together.
A spokesperson for the couple has yet to comment.
"We hang out off the field. When you know that man next to you personally, know how far they are willing to go, you're willing to go there too. That's what gets us out of these games like that. Something you can't put a statistic on."
Here's something the Steelers (11-2) can put a statistic on: they've locked up a fourth straight playoff trip, their third division crown in four years and a long-anticipated showdown with longtime nemesis New England next Sunday that will likely determine home-field advantage in January.
Oh, and they've won eight straight games during a season in which wide receiver Antonio Brown KO'd a water cooler , the team "botched" an attempt to sidestep the controversy surrounding national anthem protests, quarterback Ben Roethlisberger facetiously questioned their own ability and wide receiver Martavis Bryant tried to pout their way onto the trading block.
The Steelers absorbed those issues and moved on. This last week, however, was different.
As Shazier began what looks to be a long, slow and uncertain recovery after injuring their back while trying to make a tackle last Monday in Cincinnati, their teammates tried to reconcile their grief with the knowledge their job requires them to move forward without him, at least in body if not in spirit.
"That's the crazy part about the NFL, things constantly change and you've got to keep rolling," said linebacker Vince Williams, one of Shazier's closest friends on the team.
"So you've got to find a way to roll with the punches even though it may be a haymaker, got to find a way to recover."
Pittsburgh found a way when it absolutely had to.
After Le'Veon Bell's third touchdown pulled the Steelers within 38-36 with 3:29 left, the defence forced Baltimore into a three-and-out. Roethlisberger and Brown led a last-gasp drive to set up Chris Boswell's 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left.
Still, the Ravens had one more shot. Then the defence that spent much of the game futilely chasing Baltimore quarterback Joe Flacco finally caught him.
Rookie linebacker T.J. Watt raced around Ravens right tackle Austin Howard and stripped Flacco of the ball. The ball rolled out of bounds and Baltimore couldn't get off another snap. Then, and only then, could the Steelers truly relax.
"Maybe at the end, you think about all that (Ryan's) put into this over the years, he's always the first in and last out," Watt said.
"He's the heart and soul of this defence so I think we did a really good job of blocking all that out throughout the whole week and the whole game. Obviously it's really tough. But I don't think it really hit us until after the game."
Shazier communicated via FaceTime with their teammates from a joyous locker room after they delivered the division title they challenged them to claim.
It was a raucous celebration, the first of what they hope are several over the next two months. Earning a seventh Lombardi Trophy will be considerably more difficult without Shazier. The Steelers know they have no choice. And they're OK with it.
"We showed we can win in all types of ways, whether it's defence, offence, special teams," Heyward said. "Guys just stepping up in key moments. I believe in this team. Nothing against anybody else, I'd bet on us every time."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
Officials have identified the 5-year-old boy who died after getting caught in the rotating wall of an Atlanta restaurant.The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that the Fulton County Medical Examiner identified the boy on Sunday as Charlie Holt.The boy got their head stuck between two tables and suffered a head injury Friday at the Sun Dial, which sits atop the Westin Peachtree Plaza hotel.Atlanta Police Officer S.R. Brown says Holt was visiting along with their parents from Charlotte, North Carolina. The family was at a window seat when Holt wandered away from the table.Brown says the rotating floor shut off automatically when Holt was struck.Holt was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital, where they were pronounced dead.A restaurant representative with the hotel says the Sun Dial will be closed until further notice.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FARGO, N.D. — Here, they want everyone to remember Carson Wentz.
Here, in the state where Wentz grew up and in the town where they played college football for North Dakota State, they want Philadelphia, in particular, to remember the Eagles would not be in Super Bowl LII, preparing to play the New England Patriots on Sunday, without him.
They want everyone to remember Wentz's team-record 33 touchdown passes.
And the 11 Eagles victories in their 13 games this season.
And the scuttlebutt that Wentz would be the NFL's most valuable player.
And the supportive hand they have lent to Nick Foles.
And their AO1 Foundation.
And their breath-catching escape acts on that Monday night game against the Redskins.
And the green bracelet that they wore to honor the memory and courage of an 8-year-old boy from Delaware, Lukas Custers, whose nickname was “The Dutch Destroyer” and who died of cancer last year.
And all the other moments of greatness and grace that the mind might jettison like ballast now that Wentz's left anterior cruciate ligament is torn and they are a spectator on the sideline and, somehow, the Eagles are still in position to win a championship.
It's not that people here believe Wentz has been forgotten over these last several weeks, as Foles has shepherded the Eagles to four victories in five games, including two in the NFC playoffs.
It's that the circumstances of the Eagles' appearance in this Super Bowl — in Minneapolis, just 235 miles to the southeast — are so strange and a little sad for them. The notion the Eagles would be here and that Wentz would not be starting for them at quarterback, or playing in the game at all, was a concept too incongruous to contemplate before Dec. 10, when Wentz took a hit as they dived toward the end zone in a game against the Los
Angeles Rams, stood up gingerly, threw a touchdown pass two plays later, and never returned to the field.
“Everyone in the state watched every snap they took,” North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum said in a phone interview, “and when the play happened everyone held their breath. And then there was shock and hurt and disbelief.”
There's no modern approximation for the pride Wentz has inspired among those who know them well, met them once or twice, or watched them from afar. At another, earlier time, when it came to embodying the humility and work ethic North Dakotans say they prize so much, the local lodestar was former Yankees and Cardinals great Roger Maris, who grew up in Fargo and whose grave, after they died in 1985, became a kind of sacred tourist attraction here. Now, it's Wentz, and there isn't a close second.
“It's not a very big state,” said Jeff Kolpack, who covers North Dakota State's sports programs for The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead. “So you're not going to have heroes every decade.”
To appreciate the affection for Wentz and the disappointment over their inability to play Sunday, one needs only to make the 3½-to-4-hour drive here from Minneapolis. On Tuesday morning, that drive — tracing an upward hypotenuse as you headed west on I-94 — was a numbing ride through incredible cold toward a vast grayness above the horizon, past exit signs for Elbow Lake and Fergus Falls and Otter Tail County and the Middle Spunk Rest Area, past acres of brown soil and dull tans and greens and leafless trees with branches like twisted fork prongs. There wasn't a single bird in the sky.
The NFL's best young quarterback came out of this? No wonder people here treat North Dakota State's football program as if it were a professional sports franchise — the Bison have won the NCAA's Football Championship Subdivision national title five of the last six years — and regard Wentz as if they were something more than a mere man. “There's nothing else here,” Kolpack said.
Wentz returns to Fargo once or twice each year. They often visit The Horn and Herd, a pub near campus, where they can shoot pool or throw darts in the game room and be one of the guys again, secure in the knowledge that Brent Tehven, the restaurant's general manager and one of its owners, will do whatever possible to preserve their privacy.
“We try to leave them alone as much as they can,” Tehven said, “so they come back.”
Tehven, 36, was born just outside Fargo, on a 1,500-acre farm where their family grew grain, soybeans, and corn.
“Around here, that's kind of a hobby farm,” said Tehven, whose father worked full-time at a bank. They don't put bison burgers on the pub's menu because “you don't eat the mascot.”
That Wentz returns to Fargo at all is an indication, Tehven said, of their character — that they have pride in their home state, that they haven't grown haughty or self-superior and never will, that “this isn't a Podunk town with no cell phones and no indoor plumbing. It's just like anywhere else.”
Their excellence this season did not turn everyone here into Eagles fans. Eighty percent of NFL fans in North Dakota, Burgum estimated, root for the Eagles' opponent in this year's NFC championship game, the Minnesota Vikings, and resentment lingers over the inappropriate treatment some of those fans endured last week at Lincoln Financial Field. One resident wrote a letter to the editor to The Forum, arguing Wentz should have admonished Eagles fans for their actions in the hopes that they would change their behavior. (Kolpack responded with a blog post headlined: “Carson Wentz is not God.”)
Jenny Linker, an assistant professor in the NDSU department of health, nutrition and exercise science who taught Wentz in each of their four years at the school, described a kind of unspoken “quid pro quo between Philadelphia and Fargo, as if Eagles fans agreed to a bargain then didn't hold up their end of it.
“It's like, hey, we just gave you one of our own,” Linker said, “and we have folks down there who are visiting your city and would like to have been treated better.”
In that context, people here don't view Wentz's injury as a calamity that threatened to destroy the Eagles' Super Bowl aspirations. They view it as a disheartening jolt of reality, a bad break for the best among them and, in turn, a bad break for them. In Wentz's senior season with the Bison, they missed eight games with a broken wrist, only to return in the national championship game and lead North Dakota State to victory.
“I understood that wasn't going to happen with this injury,” said Bison head coach Chris Klieman, who watched the Eagles-Rams game in their office during a break from analyzing game film. “It was a pretty somber day the next day, among the guys who knew them well.”
Their absence from the Super Bowl is a missed opportunity for them to represent the region on the greatest and grandest of stages.
At the Moorhead location of Scheels, a sporting goods store chain with whom Wentz struck one of their first endorsement deals, the only Eagles apparel was Wentz apparel: Wentz jerseys, Wentz plaques, Wentz footballs. Those who live here hurt for him, not necessarily for the Eagles.
“I'm really not sure how to feel,” said Jay Bartley, an insurance agent and a booster of the NDSU football program. “I really respect what Foles has done, but I also want the city to respect how they got to that level.”
A western Massachusetts native with undergraduate degrees from UMass and Westfield State College, Linker is a good example of this compartmentalization.  They are an enthusiastic football fan, especially of one team. They have a Patriots calendar hanging on their office wall, and they keep it open to a peculiar month, September 2014, for a particular reason: Above the chessboard grid of dates is a perfect photo of Tom Brady, their eyes downfield, their arm cocked.
Since the second week of the NFL season, they said, their students have asked them who they would root for if both the Patriots and the Eagles reached the Super Bowl.
“My response was, ‘Obviously, the Patriots. I've been with them all my life. I've been with Tom Brady for 17 years. He's been my secret boyfriend that whole time,” they said. “I love Carson to death and would be cheering for him, but I would want the Patriots to outperform the Eagles. I think people are learning to cheer for ... is it ‘Foles?' ”
It is, and perhaps those who revere Wentz are still coming to terms with the still-surprising truth the Eagles' season didn't fall apart without him. Just after noon Tuesday, The Herd and Horns filled up with a weekday lunchtime crowd. Three former NDSU football players sat at the bar, plates of food in front of them. Faculty members eat at the restaurant often, and two middle-aged men in tweed jackets enjoyed a meal in a private room. Locals and students chomped on burgers (all-beef, of course).
A dozen televisions were positioned around the pub, above the bar and high on the walls, and each of them was tuned to the NFL Network, which showed a 30-second string of highlights from the 2017 season. There was Brady, beating the Houston Texans with a last-second touchdown pass. There was Todd Gurley, the Rams' gifted tailback, a blur streaking into the end zone. There was spectacular play after spectacular play. And there was Carson Wentz, once, twice, a third time, throwing, running, slapping a teammate's hand.
No one in the place looked up at any of the televisions. It had been a chance, quick and fleeting, to watch Carson Wentz play football again, to remember what they had done to help the Eagles reach the Super Bowl, and none of them had taken it.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Carragher bumped into none other than Dominic Calvert-Lewin following Liverpool's 1-1 draw with Everton on Sunday.
The game ended in controversy after the 20-year-old striker earned a 77th minute penalty for the Toffees after going down under Dejan Lovren's push.
Wayne Rooney stepped up to tuck away the spot kick and draw the game level.
Liverpool had dominated the entire game, registering 79 per cent possession in the encounter.
At full-time a furious Jurgen Klopp said: "Calvert-Lewin makes it smart, because they take a step in this direction (steps to their right), but even then it's nothing. But they gave a penalty, and now one team can celebrate, probably, and we can't.
(Image: @Carra23/Twitter)
"I cannot believe it, that in a game like this, when only one team is trying over 95 minutes to win it and the other team wasn't even in our box. They didn't have a shot on target apart from the penalty. If you open the door for them like this it's, in my understanding, not okay.
"He doesn't make a challenge! Calvert-Lewin makes a step into them and that's it."
A day later, and Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher bumped into the young striker.
(Image: Tony McArdle/Everton FC via Getty Images))
(Image: Tony McArdle/Everton FC via Getty Images))
The Liverpool legend posted a picture and jokingly said: "I've changed my mind! Just bumped into CalvertLewin14 even they said they dived!!!!!!"
But before Reds fans could erupt, Carragher followed their tweet with: "He didn't to be fair as I didn't give them a chance to speak after telling them & Tom Davies they were jammy B*******!!!!!"
Liverpool will have little time to dwell on what could have been as their attention will now turn to Wednesday's clash against West Brom.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They will suggest it is ­business as usual at Chelsea when they have their say later this week.
Yet the parallels to the Jose Mourinho season Antonio Conte continues to dread are there for all to see.
Two years ago the club ­allowed an important player, Petr Cech, to join Arsenal.
This month even ­Manchester United fans could not ­believe Nemanja Matic was allowed to strengthen their midfield.
In 2015, Mourinho appeared to be at Stamford Bridge for the long haul when they ­committed themselves to a new deal.
(Image: Charlie Crowhurst)
(Image: Reuters)
Conte too has penned fresh terms as a reward for ­winning the league.
Two years ago Mourinho moaned publicly about the club's dealings in the transfer market, ­particularly after failing to land top target, John Stones.
Conte was left fuming at being beaten to the man they wanted most, Romelu ­Lukaku, by United.
Under Mourinho Chelsea were beaten in the ­Community Shield by ­Arsenal two years ago before failing to win their opening game. They were then plunged into a legal battle with Dr Eva Carneiro. Conte is still reeling from Saturday's shock defeat at home to Burnley after surrendering the Shield to the Gunners.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Reuters)
Despite their bid to put their title-winning Spain striker behind him, the Italian has also been sucked into an even more vicious legal fight with Diego Costa.
Even worse for Conte is Costa's hint that some of the ­Chelsea players are ­sympathetic to their ­frustration at being ­exiled.
It was in December 2015 Roman Abramovich pulled the trigger on ­Mourinho, the serial winner he'd been so desperate to keep, in order to save a club that had been plummeting down the table.
In November 2012 Roberto Di Matteo also went ­despite winning the ­Champions League five months earlier. Make no mistake, Chelsea's billionaire owner will do it again if Conte is unable to steady the ship.
(Image: Getty)
It is the reason why Costa's explosive version of events this week could not have come at a worse time for the Italian.
Conveniently forgetting their own persistent attempts to force a move back to Atletico Madrid last summer, the Spain striker is using Conte – and Chelsea – for target practice.
The champions continue to insist Conte made it clear to Costa in January they could go in the ­summer. Costa doesn't see it that way and has re­opened an old wound at precisely the wrong time for a club that appear not to know how to handle him.
Chelsea says legal proceedings prevent them from speaking about the issue. Costa is singing like a canary.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Mike Hewitt)
Cesar Azpilicueta has added to the concerns of skipper Gary Cahill, calling for more signings. Chelsea fans must be wondering: Why always them? It wouldn't matter so much if they had maintained the great run that ended with the Premier League title.
Instead, ill-discipline cost them in the FA Cup and, to a lesser extent, the Community Shield. It struck again against Burnley with Cahill and Cesc Fabregas banned for ­Sunday's showdown with Spurs.
Eden Hazard is missing while £40million midfielder ­Tiemoue Bakayoko is an ­outside shout for a place on the bench at best.
Good luck against a Spurs side who HAVE carried on where they left off in May.
Chelsea appears to have gone backwards after a title win that promised to much. For Conte the pressure is now on at a club that should have deja vu as their motto.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Many summer camps started on Tuesday (3 July.) But there are still many parents out there wondering what camps are out there and what they should do with their kids. Cayman Music School is holding summer music camp at its location in Camana Bay. It's the 6th year for the camp.
“It's eye-opening so the way we learn about music. We get to learn about world music. So it's eye-opening. We learn about different cultures through music. And it's challenging so it gives them a push and sharpens them a bit,” said music camp instructor Max Kazakov.
7-year-old Gina Bertolino is one of a dozen students attending the camp who started off their summer music experience with a drum circle. “Making the drums is making noise. And I like making noise. It's really fun,” said Ms. Bertolino. The lessons progress on to other instruments.
“Drums piano guitar, DJ and hand percussions,” said instructor Mr. Kazakov. “I always wanted to play the piano. And I play that very rarely,” said Ms. Bertolino.
Kids also get to enjoy physical fitness as part of the day. “We have yoga every day. And outside activities as part of the day. To balance out the energy of the day,” said Ms. Bertolino.
Music camp is still accepting campers. The camp runs from 8 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
SACRAMENTO — California lawmakers added fuel to Elon Musk's entrepreneurial fire when they cleared the way for sales of the investor's newest — and probably hottest— product: personal flamethrowers.
In the coming weeks, some 20,000 people could be walking around with the devices, which resemble toy guns but are capable of emitting flames at least 2 feet long. In California, there will be little to regulate them because lawmakers quietly quashed a bill to rein in recreational fire spitting.
Let's back up. In December, one of Musk's companies began selling hats to raise money for its vision of drilling tunnels under urban areas to beat gridlock. Fired up by a positive public response, Musk promised on Twitter that if their Boring Company sold 50,000 hats, it would also begin selling “the Boring Company flamethrower.”
They explained the logic of this merchandising leap in a later tweet: “I know it's a little off-brand, but kids love it.”
A month later, the company launched a sales page for its flamethrower, and Musk tweeted that the device was a good investment to make in advance of the impending zombie apocalypse. They also posted a video of themselves wielding one with the comment, “I want to be clear that a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely don't buy one. Unless you like fun.”
Available at the fire-sale price of $500, the stock of 20,000 sold out in just four days.
Enter Assemblyman Miguel Santiago, D-Los Angeles. When they first heard about the Boring Company's scheme, they assumed Musk was kidding. Once they realized the investor was serious, Santiago fired off a press release criticizing their decision to move ahead with sales.
“Jokes or not,” they wrote, “this subject matter, in the wake of the state's deadliest wildfires in history, is incredibly insensitive, dangerous, and most definitely not funny. Absolutely no public good could come from the sale of this tool.”
Santiago introduced a bill to limit the sale of flamethrowers in California, making it harder for consumers to buy them for recreational use, while allowing them to be used in, for example, industrial and agricultural settings. Although the bill was supported by police and firefighters, Santiago immediately faced opposition from gun-rights advocates.
The Firearms Policy Coalition criticized lawmakers for trying to regulate the devices and wrote that AB1949 criminalized nonviolent behavior. “This bill,” the group wrote, “should be torched.”
Santiago narrowed the scope of their bill from requiring a rigorous permitting system for flamethrowers to simply requiring them to carry a safety label. But even that weakened form of the bill stalled Friday, when it was held in the Assembly Appropriations Committee, a victim of the notorious “suspense file” process in which legislative leaders often kill bills that could pose an embarrassing vote for the ruling party.
The next day, Musk announced that the flamethrowers are “about to ship,” and that their company will hold “flamethrower pickup parties” in a week or so. Just in time for fire season to hit California.
Robbie Short is a reporter with CALmatters.org, a nonprofit, nonpartisan media venture explaining California's policies and politics.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It takes a lot to upstage Ian Rush at Anfield, given what they achieved at the club.
But it seems their model girlfriend Carol Anthony managed to do exactly that as the couple watched Liverpool thump Roma 5-2 in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final clash on Tuesday evening.
BT Sport cameras picked the couple out watching the action from up in the stands, as Mohamed Salah ran riot against the Serie A giants.
The Egyptian netted twice in the first half as Liverpool took the game to Roma - exactly as they did against Manchester City - before they netted three more after the break.
(Image: BT Sport)
Roma were able to bag two away goals however, which will make the away tie more interesting, when the two sides face off again next week.
Rush has been dating Irish model and singer Anthony since 2014.
Speaking to the Sunday People about their relationship four years ago, Anthony said: "I have always been a Liverpool fan.
(Image: AFP)
"I watched Ian play on TV when I was younger. My whole family are Liverpool fans.
"But I don't see an age gap (22 years). I did once or twice when we first got together but I don't any more. I'm trying to stop my ageing process but I think Ian."
40 Successful Entrepreneurs Share Their Recharging Secrets
Name: Aaron Hirschhorn
Company: DogVacay
Evening routine: I am cuddling on the couch with my wife watching Game of Thrones, House of Cards, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, Daily Show, anything fun. They make me watch occasional reality T.V. shows, drink a glass of red wine and just try to sink into the coach and get ready to do it again.
I do have my phone, but I try to really connect with them because that's our only time and that also is just critical. You have to recharge with your family. So my kids, my wife at the bookend of the day puts everything into perspective as to what is important and what's not.
Read more about Hirschhorn: This CEO Says the Key to Being a Good Boss Is Getting Out of the Way
T.T.V. Dhinakaran accused Tamil Nadu chief minister Edappadi K. Palaniswami of trying to prevent MLAs from participating in the meeting and added that the MLAs were being “held captive in Chennai.” Photo: PTI
Chennai: Even as speculation is rife about a merger of the two factions of the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK), the party's sidelined deputy general secretary T.T.V. Dhinakaran held their first public meeting at Melur, near Madurai, to commemorate the birth centenary of party founder M.G. Ramachandran.
With 20 MLAs and four MPs attending the meeting, and a crowd of over 20,000, Dhinakaran declared themselves the “true heir” of former chief minister, the late J. Jayalalithaa.
ALSO READ : Why the speculated AIADMK merger might be the beginning of a new problem?
Addressing the meeting, Dhinakaran accused Tamil Nadu chief minister Edappadi K. Palaniswami of trying to prevent MLAs from participating in the meeting and added that the MLAs were being “held captive in Chennai.”
“Few are spreading false propaganda that this meeting is to topple the government,” Dhinakaran said. “We have to retrieve our ‘two leaves' symbol. It is our duty to win the 2019 Lok Sabha polls; hence, we have the responsibility to strengthen the party.”
While there has been mounting speculation over a likely merger of the two rival factions—one led by Palaniswami and other by former chief minister O. Panneerselvam, last week, a resolution signed by 27 office-bearers of the AIADMK ruled Dhinakaran's recent move to appoint new office-bearers as invalid. It also added that the appointment of Dhinakaran as deputy general secretary was not acceptable.
On Monday, Dhinakaran lashed out at the Palaniswami camp, saying, “27 people sitting in the party headquarters cannot decide the fate of AIADMK.”
Hitting out at Panneerselvam, they said that those who are demanding CBI inquiry into Jayalalithaa's death “should first realise that they were the ones who were in important positions (in the government) when Amma (Jayalalithaa) was hospitalized.”
ALSO READ : Palaniswami faction clearing the path for unifying AIADMK?
While power-sharing has been a contentious issue between the two factions, the Panneerselvam camp has also been demanding the sacking of V.K. Sasikala and their family members from the party.
Earlier in the day, Panneerselvam, who met prime minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi, said that they discussed the political situation and the functioning of the Palaniswami government in Tamil Nadu.
Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the US since Jo Myong Rok, a vice marshal, met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000. Photo: AP
New York: High-ranking officials of US and North Korea met in New York late on Wednesday in the first of two days of talks about the future of Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program and a possible summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
US secretary of state Mike Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, met for about 90 minutes over dinner and exited without providing any detailed remarks to reporters waiting outside.
Pompeo would only say that the dinner “was great” and that the two men dined on “American beef.”
It was not yet known whether the two men made any progress toward narrowing long-standing differences between Washington and Pyongyang that could end decades of hostile relations.
Earlier in the day, the White House left open the possibility of a Trump-Kim summit on 12 June in Singapore, despite Trump's cancellation of the meeting just days ago.
As the dinner was underway inside an apartment on New York's East Side, just south of UN, a senior State Department official separately briefed reporters on the high-level talks that were underway.
Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, vice chairperson of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, “are trying to get to know each other” following their two initial meetings this year in North Korea, said the US official who asked not to be identified.
The official added that before any summit between the two leaders can occur, Pyongyang is “going to have to make clear what they are willing to do” amid demands from Washington that North Korea permanently end its nuclear weapons program.
Trump, the official said, “can make a fly or no-fly decision anytime they want,” referring to the possible unprecedented Singapore summit.
If not enough progress is made to lead to a productive meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, the official said, “We will ramp up the pressure on them and we'll be ready for the day that hopefully they are ready.”
Shortly before Wednesday's dinner, Pompeo repeated the Trump administration's bottom-line demand:
“Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim. We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula @StateDept,” Pompeo said in a Twitter post.
Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by senior US officials. But Trump later said they were reconsidering their position and US, North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations.
The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarized zone along the border between North and South Korea for the summit were going well.
Separately on Wednesday at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii, Admiral Harry Harris, the outgoing head of US Pacific Command who is Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Korea, said North Korea remained the US' most imminent threat. “And a nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the US is unacceptable,” Harris said.
Earlier, a US official said negotiations about the summit's agenda have so far been slow going, and the two fundamental issues, the definition of North Korean denuclearization and whether both sides would take actions at the same time or separately, remained unsettled.
‘Denuclearization'
Trump has sworn not to allow North Korea to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the US and wants North Korea to “denuclearize,” or get rid of its nuclear arms.
But the leadership in Pyongyang is believed to regard nuclear weapons as crucial to its survival and has rejected unilaterally disarming.
The Trump administration, according to US officials, has left open the possibility of North Korea eventually getting US aid and investments if Pyongyang agrees to complete denuclearization.
North Korea's position going into the meetings with Pompeo was that a pledge of denuclearization alone should open the way to economic relief, said the official who briefed reporters earlier on Wednesday and spoke on condition of anonymity.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted Seoul's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon as saying in a speech on Wednesday that the differences between North Korea and the US on the denuclearization issue remained “quite significant” and it would not be easy to narrow the gap.
However, Cho added that the engagement of the leaders of the two countries meant “chances are high that common ground can be found.”
Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the US since Jo Myong Rok, a vice marshal, met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000.
A former military spy chief, they have played a central role in the thaw in relations over the past six months between North Korea and South Korea, as well as the US.
North Korea defends its nuclear and missile programs as a deterrent against what it sees as US ambitions to overthrow its leadership and unite the Korean Peninsula. The US stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean War.
ANN ARBOR, MI — April 17, 2017 — Randall Scheps of Arconic and Craig Weiss of ConAgra join representatives from 28 of the world's top corporations as members of the Tauber Institute for Global Operations Industry Advisory Board. The Industry Advisory Board's objective: to cultivate future leaders in operations through their support of the Tauber Institute's multidisciplinary experiential learning mission.
New Industry Advisory Board member Randall Scheps is Vice President and general manager of Arconic's truck wheel business for the Americas, supplying all major truck and trailer makers in the Americas from manufacturing facilities in Ohio, Mexico, and Brazil. Previously, Scheps managed truck wheel business for Europe, Middle East, and Africa.
New member Craig Weiss is Vice President of Supply Chain Planning, Programs and Logistics for ConAgra Foods. ConAgra is the largest private-label food manufacturer in the U.S., with annual revenues in excess of $17.7 billion and over 26,000 employees.
The Tauber Institute brings together graduate students from the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business and College of Engineering to gain operations expertise and leadership skills, then work together at sponsoring companies around the world, tackling diverse operations challenges in industries such as aerospace, internet commerce, automotive manufacturing, tech, and healthcare. In over 30 collaborative projects with industry each year, the Tauber Institute applies cutting-edge operations theory to real-world problems, saving sponsoring companies millions of dollars through increased efficiency and waste reduction, and often simultaneously improving working conditions and reducing environmental impact.
Input from the Industry Advisory Board ensures that the Tauber Institute stays at the forefront of operations education and responds quickly to industry needs. Offering guidance consistent with the program's mission and objectives, the Industry Advisory Board actively assists Tauber in achieving its academic and research goals through industry leadership, cooperation, feedback, and acquisition of financial support.
The board, which meets twice a year with Tauber Institute leadership, represents a diverse group of organizations.
Posted April 17, 2017
Source:Tauber Institute for Global Operations
After Court Ruling, Military Will Accept Openly Transgender Recruits As Of Jan. 1
Enlarge this image toggle caption Matthias Schrader/AP Matthias Schrader/AP
Updated at 10:30 p.m. ET
Following a federal court ruling, the Pentagon has confirmed it will allow openly transgender individuals to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1. The Trump administration had resisted that deadline in court, seeking to have its ban on new transgender troops reinstated — but on Monday, Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly upheld an earlier decision to temporarily block President Trump's ban.
That ban has been under fire since it was issued in a presidential memorandum in August. It quickly drew several lawsuits, and two federal judges — including Kollar-Kotelly in October — moved to put it on hold while those cases were decided in the courts. As NPR's Camila Domonoske explained then, Kollar-Kotelly found "that trans members of the military have a strong case that the president's ban would violate their Fifth Amendment rights."
The administration appealed that ruling, seeking to implement its ban during the pending court cases, only to see the appeal denied by Kollar-Kotelly on Monday.
Later on Monday, a third judge issued a ruling blocking the president's ban on transgender recruits. U.S. District Court Judge Marsha Pechman ruled in Seattle in the case of a soldier based in Washington state and two men who hope to enlist.
In their decision, they noted that they were "not convinced by the vague claims" that the Jan. 1 deadline needed to be delayed. At the same time, they reiterated their October argument that trans service members have a strong case and questioned the administration's "portrayal of their situation as an emergency," considering more than three weeks passed before it filed the appeal.
"If complying with the military's previously established January 1, 2018 deadline to begin accession was as unmanageable as Defendants now suggest, one would have expected Defendants to act with more alacrity," they added in the final line of their decision.
The Department of Defense has announced it will comply with the order to allow transgender recruits — but in a statement Monday, the department made clear that it is doing so reluctantly.
"This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders," a Pentagon spokesperson said in the statement, adding: "DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Justice Department is also "reviewing legal options" to ensure that the president's directive can be implemented.
Kollar-Kotelly's ruling marks a new step in a twisting legal drama that promises to continue for some time — and traces its origins to an Obama-era policy announced 18 months ago.
In June 2016, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon would be lifting a long-running ban on openly transgender service members. As part of that announcement, a one-year deadline was set for the military to begin admitting new transgender troops. But before that deadline could take effect earlier this year, it was quietly extended by six months — to Jan. 1, 2018.
Then, this past July, Trump tweeted that "the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military." They later issued an official presidential memo, slightly dialing back the severity suggested in their tweet: That order prohibited the enlistment of new troops who are openly transgender, halted the use of federal funds for sex reassignment surgeries, and left it to their defense secretary to decide whether to expel trans troops who are currently serving.
Secretary Jim Mattis announced just days later that current trans troops could remain in the military "in the interim."
Now, under the injunction that was upheld Monday, new trans troops can enlist, as well — at least temporarily as long as the lawsuits against Trump's ban are still pending, and perhaps permanently, if those lawsuits are successful.
"Today's announcements — both by the court and the Pentagon — signal that there is an awareness that it's not right to make military policy by tweets," Aaron Belkin, director of the Palm Center, which works on LGBT issues in the military, tells NPR's Greg Myre. "And when there's a deliberate process of study, then that process should be respected and implemented."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who had a great first date with a much younger man called a radio station for help when they failed to return them calls.
Rob had 'ghosted' their Arielle after the pair had slept together.
They were upset and confused as they thought they had a future together.
Arielle decided to enlist the help of their local radio show Ramiro, Pebbles, Melissa and Wiggy in Boston, hoping they could rekindle the magic with their toyboy lover.
After introducing themselves and laying out the bare bones of their story, they were asked to stay on the line, but keep quiet while the radio hosts called Rob.
Rob was a little surprised to get the call, especially when they told them they had lined up a date for them and the radio station would pick up the bill.
(Image: Photographer's Choice)
The DJ tells Rob: "She called us and told us, according to her, how great the date was, by the way - you my friend are a master in the bedroom - and they said that she'd like to see you again, but they haven't been able to get in contact with you.
"Wait a minute, so they called you because they think I'm great and they want to go out with me?," Rob replied.
"Yeah, we're calling because you wouldn't call them back."
Rob adds: "I can't believe this is happening right now. This is hilarious."
But when the radio show asked why they hadn't returned their calls, no-one was expecting Rob's answer.
They said: "Look, this is going to make me sound like a huge a******e, but whatever, so this is all kind of revenge thing.
(Image: E+)
"I saw them online, I recognised their last name and it turns out their son actually used to bully the s**t out of me and so I figured if I could f*** their mum, I could rub it in theirs face."
The four radio hosts reply in various states of shock, before revealing that Arielle also heard their astonishing plot to get revenge on their son Sam.
A shocked Arielle asks: "You're friend with Sam?"
"No, I'm not friends with your a******e son," Rob adds.
"He was a total p***k to me and ruined my life.
"And now I've returned the favour."
Before adding: "I took mad pictures. This is the best day of my life.
"I'm planning on sending your son a text saying 'I win' and when they reply why, I'm going to send the picture I took of you."
Rob added there was no chance of a second date, adding they "got all they needed" from Arielle.
News 100: Free sewing training in Alwar of Rajasthan, hundreds of women get certificates
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Free sewing training in Alwar of Rajasthan, hundreds of women get certificates. Watch this video for more information.
Monrovia – Professor Sumo Harris may have died of homicide while the car accident is being used as a cover-up, a private investigator hired by their family observed during an independent crime scene and post mortem investigation.
Report by Lennart Dodoo - This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Prof. Harris was the vice president for student affairs, at the African Methodist Episcopal Zion University (AMEZU). They died on April 4, 2017 in what was believed to be a car accident along the SKD Boulevard.
Being discontented with investigation conducted by the Liberia National Police (LNP) which pointed to car accident as the cause of death, the family hired a private investigator to ascertain the circumstances leading to their death.
Investigator Sizi M Kawalawu in their report, a copy of which FrontPageAfrica has attained, insinuated that the LNP failed to conduct basic Police accident investigation to determine the cause of the accident.
According to their report, the Police failed to measure the distance the car travelled before going off the road and into the water.
The report noted that the Police further failed to take photograph of the scene, diagram of the accident, conduct interviews with witnesses to assist in building up an overall picture of what led to the crash, though the Chief of Public Safety, Mickey Gray was present on the scene.
When contacted, the Deputy Commissioner of Police for press and public affairs, Sam Collins, told FPA that though they were not aware of the outcome of the initial LNP investigation, they were informed by Gray that the family suspected foul play and has therefore called for another investigation by the LNP.
Collins told FrontPageAfrica they were not aware of how far the new investigation had gone and was also not aware of the private investigation conducted by the family.
The Private Investigation Findings
On April 4, 2017 at approximately 10:30pm, Mr. Harris received a phone call and informed their children at home that they were going to meet up with a friend. He, accordingly, instructed their son to lock all the doors. They also told them they will return shortly after meeting their friend.
According to the report, Prof. Harris left their house approximately 10:30pm or 11:00pm wearing a white short, white money gram T-shirt, blue and gray dress shirt, black slipper, a head cap, their regular reading glasses and cell phone.
Mr. Harris did not return home on Tuesday night. The family was informed the next morning that they were found dead due to a car accident on SKD Boulevard, the report disclosed.
Family members arrived on the scene and saw the body of Mr. Sumo Harris lying on the ground next to the swamp water while the Police focus was on retrieving the car from the water instead of the body.
Mr. Harris body was found without their head cap, reading glasses and cell phone. Concerned about the missing items, the family suspicion grew and they decided to search the accident scene on April 5, 2017, a day following the accident.
While searching the accident scene, they discovered the reading glasses, head cap and under shirt buried 50ft away from where the accident took place.
According to the report, the LNP was contacted about the discovery and nothing was done about it.
The family immediately contacted the funeral home to have the body examined and photographed.
Post Mortem Examination
Photographs of the remains taken at the funeral home which cannot be displayed by this paper showed illustrated findings which the investigator believes are consistent with assault to torture that could be the cause of death.
“It appears the car accident scene was used as a cover -up for this homicide,” the report indicated.
On the remains there was an open Pneumothorax: referred to as open stab wound to the chest – penetrating chest trauma.
The small saphenous vein was cut off on heels, causing the body to bleed to death. This is consistence with torture/ assault to cause death, the report indicated.
Another observation was a blunt force trauma to the left stomach believed to be caused by being struck by a firm object such as a fist, crowbar, bat or heavy object
The investigation also found out that Prof. Harris' cellphone could not be found. The family has, therefore, sought subpoena from the court to get their call records from LonestarCell/MTN and Cellcom GSM for calls leading up to their death.
The Family's Uncertainty
The family wondered by the Police refused to open an active homicide investigation into the death at though the Police Chief of Public Safe Mickey Gray was on the scene.
The Credentials of the Investigator
The report was completed by Sizi M. Kawalawu, MA, CFE, CPP, CHI, PI. They hold Master's Degree of Science Criminal and Homicide Investigation, Bachelor of Arts Criminal Justice/Law enforcement.
 They are a graduate of Alex Tech Law Enforcement Academy with over 750 hours of criminal investigation and Police work.
 They are also a graduate of the FBI LEEDA Academy, a Certified Peace officer in the state of Minnesota and has held multiple law enforcement positions with the State government, Federal government, and at the County level.
Here's the truth: 2018 has been wild when it comes to celebrity couples.
So far, it's been the year of shotgun weddings (hello, Emily Ratajkowski) and ridiculously fast engagements (Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson are still going strong … for now) not to mention, unexpected pairings (what's up, Nick and Priyanka?). Gone are the days of Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston, Chris Pratt and Anna Faris, Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan.
Which is why today, July 4, we'd like to give credit where credit is due.
David and Victoria Beckham are celebrating 19 years of marriage, which is essentially a lifetime in Hollywood years. These two are famous for obvious reasons: David is hot (and good at sports, but mostly the former); Victoria is a former Spice Girl and sits at the helm of one of the industry's most-respected fashion brands. Their eldest son, 19-year-old Brooklyn, is a cutie (his ex is Chloë Grace Moretz), and together, the family—including Romeo, 15, Cruz, 13, and Harper, 6—appears to have it all. Fab!
Dave Hogan/Getty Images
Kevin Mazur/WireImage
Even better? The story of how they met, which involves a little booze and a little flirting.
But before we get there, let's address the elephant in the room. For weeks, David and Victoria have made headlines thanks to rumors of an impending split, fueled by U.K. tabloids.
On Instagram, they haven't stopped sharing images of and with each other and their kids, and their publicist has shot down the rumors, calling them “fake news.” At a recent New York conference, Victoria subtly addressed the situation, saying they try to be “the best mother” and “the best wife” and calling David an “incredible husband.”
We can't say for sure what's going on, but we can say that they've got our support. I mean, have you seen them together?
Justin Goff/Getty Images
For the Beckhams, it was literally love at first sight, a fact we know because Victoria has called it that. The couple met sometime in 1997, and announced their engagement at a press conference in January, 1998, right after they reportedly proposed over dinner. For the October 2016 issue of British Vogue, Victoria detailed their first “hazy” encounter, writing a letter to their 18-year-old self in which they explain how they couldn't help but fall victim to David's sexy charm when they locked eyes.
“And yes, love at first sight does exist. It will happen to you in the Manchester United players' lounge—although you will get a little drunk, so exact details are hazy,” they wrote. “While the other football players stand at the bar drinking with their mates, you will see David standing aside with their family. (He's not even in the first team at this stage—you are the famous one). And they have such a cute smile. You, too, are close to your family, and you will think how similar they feel to you. He's going to ask for your number. (He still has the London-to-Manchester plane ticket on which you wrote it).”
RELATED: David and Victoria Beckham's Most Stylish Couple Moments
Dave Benett/Getty Images
Jon Furniss/Getty Images
We're not crying, you're crying.
They went on to say that their first few days were held secretively, per the suggestion of their manager, Simon Fuller, who warned of the frenzied paparazzi. “You are going to be very, very famous, both for the band you form and because of the man you marry, and then later for a fashion business you will launch in your own name.”
A beautiful story for a beautiful (literally and figuratively) couple. Cheers.
MONTREAL — Bombardier Inc. faces whopping duties of almost 300 per cent to export its CSeries commercial jet into the American market after the U.S. Department of Commerce tacked on another 80 per cent of preliminary anti-dumping duties Friday.
The decision adds 79.82 per cent to 219.63 per cent in preliminary countervailing tariffs once deliveries to Delta Air Lines begin next year.
"The United States is committed to free, fair and reciprocal trade with Canada, but this is not our idea of a properly functioning trading relationship," stated Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
"We will continue to verify the accuracy of this decision, while do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers."
The Montreal-based transportation manufacturer (TSX:BBD.B) didn't immediately respond to the latest duty announcement, but last week said it was confident that the "absurd" and unfounded tariffs will be reversed in final decisions in the coming months.
It says Boeing can't justify its claim of being harmed since it doesn't make a plane the size of the CS100.
Boeing revised its request for anti-dumping duties to 143 per cent from around 80 per cent because of Bombardier's refusal to provide certain information to the Commerce Department.
Countervailing duties target what the U.S. considers unfair subsidies, while anti-dumping tariffs go after the alleged selling of imported products below market value.
The U.S. aerospace giant petitioned to the government in April after its smaller rival secured a deal for up to 125 of its CS100s with Delta in 2016. The firm order for 75 aircraft had a list price of US$5.6 billion, although large orders typically secure large discounts.
The department's preliminary countervailing duty findings agreed with Boeing that Bombardier benefited from improper government subsidies, giving it an unfair advantage when selling its CSeries 100- to 150-seat jets south of the border.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin was breathless as they made what's thought to be their last theatre performance before their untimely death.
The star died last night after a ''long-term battle with a progressive lung condition."
It's now emerged that they were suffering from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis - an incurable disease that grows progressively worse.
And the TV presenter's failing health seemed to be evident when they appeared in panto just eight months ago as Jolly King Cheggers.
(Image: BigWelshMark/Youtube)
(Image: BigWelshMark/Youtube)
Keith performed on stage alongside X Factor 's Stevi Ritchie and Basil Brush in an Easter performance of Beauty And The Beast.
But as they spoke to the audience at the Pavilion Theatre in Rhyl on April 14 last year, they struggled to catch their breath and lost their voice.
They were suffering from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis which causes fibrosis or scarring of the lungs, making the organ stiffer and breathing more difficult.
As was the case for Keith, the condition worsened over time, and there was no cure.
Their ex wife revealed that they were using "portable oxygen" to help them breathe at their sister's wedding just two months ago.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: BigWelshMark/Youtube)
Smoking is thought to be a contributing cause, along with pollution, acid reflux, certain viruses and genetics.
But Chegwin loved the panto and told the Shropshire Star at the time that the show was "packed" every night.
"I toured with it last year thinking it wasn't going to work, but it was ram packed," they said.
"It's just a fun take on the Christmas tradition, but don't expect it to be like the Disney film.
"One lady did and asked me afterwards, 'Why were you covered in gateau at one point? And why were you singing the 12 days of Christmas at Easter?' I love it."
Earlier today, in a statement confirming their passing, Chegwin's family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year."
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by their side."
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's relationship with Russia is at an all-time low, Moscow's most senior diplomat in the UK said yesterday.
Alexander Yakovenko said the UK's actions towards Russia had been “provocative” and “outright ridiculous.”
The Russian ambassador said the Government was guilty of “raising tensions in Europe” by deploying 800 troops for the Nato mission to Estonia.
“We deplore that deployment for it raises tensions in Europe along the border between Nato and Russia.
“Russia doesn't pose any threat to Estonia nor any other Nato member-state. That's why all the talk of territorial defence sounds provocative, and with the changing nature of war, outright ridiculous,” they said.
Their comments came after Theresa May condemned Vladimir Putin for blocking a United Nations Security Council resolution ordering an inquiry into the Syrian regime's chemical weapons attack that slaughtered at least 80 people.
(Photo: PA)
Asked if this is the worst that relations between the UK and Russia have ever been, they said: ‘Yes, it is.'
They repeated the Moscow line that the chemical weapons attack may have been “framed” by terrorists.
“Now the same stagecraft with the same purpose in mind. It is suspicious that the West wouldn't even discuss the issue of chemical weapons use by opposition terrorists,” they told the Daily Mail.
(Photo: PA)
The ambassador also dismissed the calls from Britain and America for Russia to end its support for Bashar al Assad or find itself on the “wrong side of history.”
They said Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson's decision to cancel a trip to Moscow after the chemical weapons attack was “unfortunate.”
It was another “indication that there is no bilateral relationship of substance between our two nations beyond mere diplomatic ones,” they said.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wednesday morning's newspapers bring delight or doom, depending on which side of the Pyrenees you happen to be on.
After Paris Saint-Germain's scintillating victory over Barcelona last night, it is no surprise that the French press has dusted off its big book of superlatives, describing the performance variously as "sparkling", "astonishing" and "exceptional".
Things are a little more gloomy in Catalonia, although no less dramatic, with the result described as "a stain on the Barcelona's name" from a "disfigured team". Ouch.
Here are the best bits, plus full player ratings from L'Equipe, who don't pull any punches in their assessment of the Barça players:
L'Equipe (France)
(Photo: L'Equipe)
Headline: Tremendous!
Vincent Duluc: "PSG-Barça goes down among the great European nights for French football. It's not just about the result. It's the vertigo that comes from those waves (of attacks) and from the way they walked all over the Barcelona players, making them look like little boys."
Damien Degorre: "What they did last night was simply enormous, incredible, gigantic, astonishing and a tiny bit moving, too. The magnitude of the victory was merited ten thousand times over, for PSG produced intensity over the course of the whole match. Credit should go to Unai Emery, who has constructed a truly determined collective."
(Full L'Equipe player ratings below)
Sport (Spain)
(Photo: Sport)
Headline: This is not Barça
Albert Masnou: "It's not about André Gomes, who was terrible, or unreliable Iniesta, or Busquets, lacking strength, or Sergi Roberto, who left more gaps than a sieve, or Luis Suárez, who didn't touch the ball, or Messi, who wasn't there. Barcelona need a total reset across the board, because the defeat in Paris was a question of attitude. Barcelona were just any old side, a toy in PSG's hands. It was a stain on the club's name."
Miki Soria: "Barcelona didn't know how to react to the devastating domination of PSG. Barça suffered a lot in defence, losing every individual battle. Every PSG attack was a nightmare for the backline. While the PSG players looked like they would die for every ball, Barça's lacked intensity."
Le Figaro
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in PSG heroes celebrate their birthdays after win over Barcelona Share this video Watch Next
Vincent Duchesne: "No, it's not a dream! Rub your eyes however much you need to. On Tuesday night, at the Parc des Princes, reality overtook fiction. We expected hell for PSG, deprived of their captain, Thiago Silva, and their air traffic controller, Thiago Motta, against the Barcelona monster. But they munched them, wolfed them down ferociously. Lucidity. Fighting spirit. An exceptional collective performance. A perfect match. Barça were totally outclassed."
Mundo Deportivo (Spain)
(Photo: Mundo Deportivo)
Headline: Disaster
Santi Nolla: "It was a big blow to a 'Barcelonismo' that lived in confidence of a few extraordinary players. Yesterday, Barcelona lived through a nightmare that has left them practically out of Europe, hoping for a miracle at the Camp Nou. Barcelona were unable to keep things tight in the middle or win the ball back in the opposition half. There was no pressure and the Barça players looked physically shattered."
Gabriel Sans: "The team was unrecognisable and disfigured, detached from its (usual) style. It was an undecipherable display, without individuals or leaders."
Le Monde
(Photo: REUTERS)
Clément Guillou: "The resounding win changes everything for Unai Emery, whom the French game was giving the cold shoulder. For the owners, the international impact of a victory like this eclipses everything that happens in Ligue 1."
Le Parisien
(Photo: Le Parisien)
Headline: Magic!
Dominique Sévérac: "It's like a dream come true, a late Christmas present, an immense offering to the club. After such a demonstration dedicated to football, to the love of the game and to the big matches that create great players and teams, there is nothing left to fear. We knew the MSN, but now we have discovered the CDD – Cavani, Di Maria, Draxler – our own enchanting trio."
L'EQUIPE PLAYER RATINGS
PSG
Trapp 8 – Hardly tested, but vigilant and serene with the ball at their feet.
Meunier 7 – Good in defence and decisive in setting up Cavani's goal.
Marquinhos 7 – Quite discreet, always anticipated and read (the Barça attacks).
Kimpembe 8 – For their first game at this level, they were brilliant.
Kurzawa 6 – Better after the interval but was limited in attack.
Verratti 8 – Exceptional in their harrying and pressing.
Rabiot 9 – A high-level performance. They reigned in the midfield.
Matuidi 7 – Started with intensity and never hesitated in getting forward.
Draxler 8 – Decisive again and caused Sergi Roberto problems.
Di Maria 9 – They had clearly been saving up their genius for last night.
Cavani 8 – A few missed chances, but they never gives up.
(Photo: @tomwfootball)
Barcelona
Ter Stegen 6 – The best (or the least bad) Barcelona player.
Sergi Roberto 4 – A few good contributions, but sunk in the second half.
Pique 3 – Their positioning couldn't make up for their lack of pace.
Umtiti 3 - Had great difficulty down their side, faced with Cavani and Di Maria.
Alba 2 – Their rare attacks came to nothing against Meunier.
Iniesta 2 – The Barcelona idol looked their age. Passed by.
Busquets 3 – Never got up to speed and lost too many balls.
Andre Gomes 2 – A ghost.
Suarez 2 – Never managed to escape the vigilant marking of Kimpembe.
Neymar 3 – Didn't manage to combine with Messi or Suarez.
Messi 2 – Offensively, they didn't make anything happen.
Apple announced iOS 11, the latest version of its mobile operating system, at WWDC 2017 and it's bringing a host of new features to current iPhones and iPads.
It's not just the current crop of devices that will be in line for some iOS 11 loving though, with its Fall release expected to coincide with the launch of the much rumored iPhone 8 (and iPhone 7S and 7S Plus).
So what nuggets of information can we get on Apple's currently unannounced new iPhones from the tasty tidbits of iOS 11 news we witnessed? We've been through all the launch information to highlight some points we think give us an insight into the iPhone 8.
An even smarter iPhone
A common theme Apple kept mentioning during its WWDC 2017 keynote was machine learning – and with iOS 11 you'll find Siri is going to be even smarter.
Expect the iPhone 8 to be even more contextually aware of your surroundings and what you're doing – from pushing you reminders of upcoming meetings to suggesting apps depending on the time of day, location and your habits.
We envisage a phone that takes care of the more medial tasks day-to-day, freeing you up to get on with living your life.
Better camera
Apple's replacing the JPEG file format with HEIF, which it says offers 2x better compression as well as improved low light performance.
This points towards a more powerful camera on the iPhone 8, as larger image file sizes won't be an issue if the new HEIF format can store them at half the size of JPEG.
There's still much to learn about HEIF, with Apple revealing little about how it works, or what it will be compatible with. So we'll be looking closely as more information is revealed on what it can mean for the future of Apple cameras.
A big focus on video
It's not just images getting some compression love, with iOS 11 also bringing 2x better compression to video as well. As a result, we expect the camera (or cameras) on the back of the iPhone 8 to boast improved video recording.
AR and VR abilities
Apple fully embraced AR (augmented reality) and VR (virtual reality) at WWDC 2017, giving developers dedicated tools to create content for these two experiences directly on its own platform.
We saw a demo of AR on a new iPad Pro 2 and VR on the new iMac - and there was even a quick clip of improved AR in the Pokémon Go app running on an iPhone.
A slightly better effect of a Pokeball bouncing down your garden path probably isn't the big pull Apple is after though, and the iPhone 8 could well feature dedicated AR and VR experiences.
There's even the outside chance that Apple takes a leaf out of Samsung's book and builds its own Gear VR style headset to slot the iPhone 8 into. We can but dream, right? More likely are the rumors that a pair of Apple AR glasses are in the works, given the focus on augmented reality last night.
New screen sizes
This one may be a little bit of a stretch, but hear us out. Apple showed off its updated Photos app for iOS 11, and one feature within it is Memories.
Memories automatically identifies groups of images, be it of your dog, family, a group of friends, a holiday or an anniversary, and curates a mini video for you to enjoy and reflect on past glories.
What has this got to do with screen size though? Well, Memories knows the orientation of the iPhone, and will adapt the video it curates to suit either landscape or portrait playback.
The ability to alter playback on the fly to suit different aspect ratios could well be a hint that Apple is about to adopt a new screen size for the iPhone 8 – because if it can roll this technology out to the other core apps and functions it could mean less work re-working iOS 11 for a different display size.
Rumors suggest that the iPhone 8 could pack a 5.8-inch display, so this idea isn't that crazy.
Sneak peak to tonights reaction. #Chapman vs devers 2 strikes 1 out.. the stadium as electric as its been all year until….#yankees #RedSox pic.twitter.com/DEy83luDNN — Joezmcfly (@JoezMcfLy) August 14, 2017
Perhaps you've never been to Yankee Stadiumand are wondering what it's like. This. This is what it's like. A bleacher-based vlogger (Joez McFly) filming themselves bursting with bravado only to be silenced seconds later when a bitter rival (Rafael Devers) blasts a game-tying ninth-inning home run — then having the fortitude to post it online.
You could spend months trying to accurately document the experience and never capture the spot-on tone delivered in this vignette. Masterful work, even if unintentional.
[MLB.com]
How A Teenager's Actions Changed Punishments For Violent Juvenile Offenders
Forty years ago this month a 15-year-old boy in New York went on a crime spree that shocked the city and helped change the nature of sentencing minors in America. As part of a new WNYC podcast about the juvenile justice system called Caught Radio Rookies brings this story.
March 28 Toho Co Ltd:
* Says its wholly owned subsidiary, Toho Stella Co Ltd, will merge with another wholly owned subsidiary, which has been engaged in the producing of film pamphlet in Tokyo
* After the transaction, Toho Stella will be the surviving company and the other subsidiary will be dissolved
* Effective date May 2
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/2Au4gN
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Members of the Coast Guard a part of the Hurricane Maria Response in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico deliver supplies to an orphanage near Air Station Borinquen, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. As part of the Department of Homeland Security team, the Coast Guard is linked directly to FEMA and the overall federal hurricane recovery phase of the response to Hurricane Maria. (U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Jonathan Lally)
For nearly 150 years, it's been men only: Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln, Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen. But on Tuesday, the statuary in London's Parliament Square got a new face: suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett.
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country.
"I would not be standing here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman: Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett," May said.
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as they were awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In their hands is a placard that reads, "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere," which was taken from a speech they gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby.
Born in 1847, Fawcett dedicated much of their life to fighting for women's rights. They began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer. They became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group's base to include working-class women. They died in 1929, a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett's inclusion, or that of any woman in Parliament Square, is long overdue.
"When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman, it sort of begs the question, are we saying there haven't been incredible women in the past? That our country hasn't been built on the back of great women?" Khan said.
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez. They told the BBC that they were jogging past the historic square on International Women's Day in 2016 when they when noticed the absence of any female figures. They started the campaign "as they sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of their run," according to the broadcaster.
"If [Fawcett] were a man, she'd have hundreds of statues up to her," Criado Perez told the BBC. "She's directly facing Parliament with their placard, so the MPs can see them everyday and think, 'I should probably go and sort that problem out.' "
Fawcett's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing, a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997.
"Other designers and artists just didn't get it like Gillian did," Criado Perez told the BBC. "For me, it was very important [Millicent] was middle aged. I wanted them to be standing there not at all sexualised, but statesmanlike."
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain's 10-pound note.
RBI deputy governor N.S. Vishwanathan says when an account is NPA for one year or more, it cannot be considered a temporary financial problem of the borrower. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai: A day after an internal advisory committee (IAC) of the central bank took the first decisive step on bad loan resolution, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) deputy governor N.S. Vishwanathan, in an interview, comments on the way forward. Edited excerpts:
The IAC, at its first meeting, recommended Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) reference all accounts worth at least Rs5,000 crore, with 60% or more classified as non-performing by banks, as of 31 March 2016. Is the recommendation binding on banks?
The IAC is an advisory panel for RBI. It has made recommendations to RBI. Now RBI will act on these. The communication RBI will send to banks will not be recommendatory and banks will be bound by it.
Why are you focusing on firms that were declared non-performing assets (NPAs) in March 2016? Our understanding is some of them are in the process of getting out of the mess and turning around under other existing schemes. Why haven't you focused on those large accounts which turned bad in March 2017? Aren't you allowing them to fester? Faster resolution would have helped preserve the value of those assets. Why the lag (of one year) for taking tough action?
These are accounts in which resolution has not happened despite passage of time. If an account has become NPA recently, we would not be sure if it is a temporary problem; but when an account is NPA for one year or more, it cannot be considered a temporary financial problem of the borrower. Hence, the focus is on them. In any case, other accounts will need to be resolved in six months, failing which these will also go under IBC.
Will this fast-track the resolution process? The experience with IBC so far does not say so. It started in December 2016 and some 80-odd cases have been filed both by creditors and borrowers but not a single one has been resolved. The borrowers are finding ways to delay the process...
There is an insolvency law in the country now. We believe it will help in speedy resolution as the processes are time-bound. We are trying to get priority at the NCLT (National Law Company Law Tribunal) for cases referred by banks on directions of RBI.
RBI's press release says the advisory panel arrived at an “objective, non-discretionary criterion for referring accounts for resolution under IBC”. Can you throw some light on the methodology of identifying the accounts?
The press release states “IAC recommended for IBC reference all accounts with fund and non-fund based outstanding amount greater than Rs5,000 crore, with 60% or more classified as non-performing by banks as of March 31, 2016.”
You seem to be focusing both on fund-based and non-fund-based exposure. Is this the first time RBI is asking banks to look at their non-fund based exposure as well?
The exposure is always fund and non-fund based put together.
You said these 12 accounts have one-fourth share of total bad assets. What will you do with the rest?
The framework is being worked out based on recommendations of IAC and will be announced in coming days.
When will the new oversight committees (OCs) RBI has promised to set up to handle bad loan cases be formed?
We are on the job. Mind you, it is also linked to expanding the types of restructuring mechanisms OC will get to opine on). All this is in the works.
What will bankers get to say from an EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) borrower who typically does not have much of assets? (Many of the large-value bad-loan accounts belong to this sector)
The reference to IBC can also lead to resolution, not just liquidation.
After the clean-up process, how do you plan to keep some of the state-owned banks running? At least a dozen of them have net NPAs (bad loans not provided for) wiping out their net worth.
The issue of capital for banks has to be dealt with by the management and shareholders of the banks. There are various ways to deal with it and all options may have to be entertained.
Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah on Monday said BJP president Amit Shah has no moral right to call their government corrupt, asserting that none of the Congressmen had gone to jail on graft charges as it had happened during the BJP rule in the state.
“Shah has been saying this repeatedly. They have no moral right to speak about my government,” the chief minister said, as they came under attack from Shah. The BJP president is on a three-day visit to Karnataka since Saturday to galvanise the party for the assembly elections that are due early next year.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting on Mahadayi water dispute issue involving Goa with floor leaders, MPs and MLAs here, Siddaramaiah said, “He(Shah) does not have morality at all, as corrupt are sitting next to them when they are saying things against us.”
“Ours has been a corruption-free and scam-free government in the last four years. None of us had gone to jail as happened in the previous BJP government,” they added. Sounding the poll bugle in Karnataka, Shah had on Saturday kicked off their visit to the state, declaring that the party stands united and said, ‘Ab Ki Baar, BJP Sarkar' (This time, a BJP government). Terming the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government as “corrupt”, they had asked people to overthrow it.
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. They study evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," they say.
Stephen and their colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening they were ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told them about the findings of the study, they laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage mum gave birth at home in front of 10 loved ones - including their quick-thinking dad who took off their shoelaces to help.
Megan Cooper, 16, had gone into labour a week early on Thursday evening but had been sent home by staff at Ormskirk hospital as they were only 2cm dilated.
But soon after arriving home to Kirkby, near Liverpool, they suddenly felt the urge to push.
Them family rushed around to help including - and while their sister Laura called 999, their taxi driver dad, John, quickly took their shoelaces off to wrap around the cord.
Fortunately, paramedics Kelsey and James arrived in time to help and the shoelaces weren't needed.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
Laura told the Liverpool Echo : “We phoned for an ambulance and then I phoned our two other sisters who live down the road to get them to come round.
“The labour came on so fast and we didn't know what to do, but the man on the end of the phone was really helpful.
“It only took paramedics 10 minutes to get to us, they were amazing.
"When they arrived the baby's head was crowning. Megan was brilliant - there was 10 of us in the bedroom, it was a bit of a squeeze but it was magical.”
Megan gave birth to baby boy Deacon Declan Cooper, weighing 7lbs 12oz, at 1:45am on Friday and was taken to hospital with boyfriend Declan by their side for a check-up.
Laura said: “My dad was thrilled to be there as they actually missed Megan's birth, so it was amazing for them to be there to basically deliver their grandson.
“Megan was really scared, but the paramedics really helped to calm them down and from then on it was a breeze, she's a little star.
“Megan wants to carry on with their college work at Mode Training and provide a future for their baby boy, and of course we'll all support them too”
Mother and baby are expected home later today, with the rest of the family celebrating together in their local Wetherspoons.
Laura said: “We just wanted to say a huge thank you to the NHS , they were just brilliant.
“Megan will be an amazing mum, even though she's young and we're so proud of her.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester bomber Salman Abedi was given the go-ahead for their suicide attack by online Islamic extremists.
Hard-liners urged them to “show no mercy” before the blast which killed 22 and injured more than 100 at the Ariana Grande concert.
And a series of sinister messages have revealed they were planning the outrage at least nine months before they blew themselves up.
The FBI has obtained details of shadowy internet conversations between Abedi and suspected extremists in Syria and the US.
They had logged on to ask for advice about their rucksack murder plot.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Two of the men involved in the secret discussions were arrested just weeks before the deadly attack at the Manchester Arena on May 22.
One message, believed to be from Abedi, said: “Sheikh, I live in Manchester. I live among non-Muslims. I have found work with them. Am I allowed to kill them? Is it permitted to kill them with a bomb?”
The unamed sheikh, who is thought to have been a member of Islamic State living in Syria, replied with a quote from the Koran: “Fight the pagans all together.”
An American, understood to be Said Azzam Mohamad Rahim, allegedly said: “To the boy from Manchester I say, OK, kill them! Show no mercy to civilians.”
(Image: PA)
Rahim was arrested by police in Dallas, Texas, in March, as they tried to board a plane to Jordan.
They were later charged with making false statements to the FBI about their support for IS.
Rahim, 40, is said to have praised the New Years Eve shooting which left 39 dead at an Istanbul nightclub and the lorry attack in Nice, France, in July last year, in which 84 people died.
A third man, believed to be Mouner El Aoual, 28, a Moroccan-born Islamist living in Italy, is understood to have followed but not contributed to the conversations.
They were arrested in Turin in April on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack.
(Image: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
It has been claimed they supported the IS plan to establish an Islamic Caliphate and encouraged attacks on “unbelievers”.
Abedi, 22, used the secure messaging app Zello to communicate with their supporters.
The app, which was allegedly used before the Istanbul terror attack, combines social media with telephone and radio functions.
It is designed for use on smart phones, tablets and computers and allows users to speak to others who haves the app.
Zello can run on little battery power, so people in areas far from electrical power supplies can use it.
Rome, July 4 - The Italian Bishops' Conference (CEI) on Wednesday hailed the government's new ban on advertising for gambling as a "sign of civility". CEI spokesperson Father Ivan Maffeis recalled the Church's work against gambling addiction and said "we welcome as a sign of civility the government decree that puts an end to ads on gambling". Father Maffeis said "too many families have been ruined by this scourge". They highlighted that the Church had been combating gambling addiction through various charities and the bishops' newspaper Avvenire. The government's so-called 'dignity decree' aims to curb advertising on gambling and stop top actors and personalities fronting ads. Italy has seen a surge in gambling addiction despite a fall in purchasing power over the last few years. photo: a rally against gambling addiction
New Delhi: India Inc on Friday welcomed the outcome of the GST Council meet and said the decisions will improve compliance and provide much needed relief to the taxpayers.
CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said that the SME sector compliance will greatly improve as limit for composition scheme has been increased to Rs 1 crore. Now for SMEs with annual turnover of Rs 1.5 crore will be allowed to file quarterly returns, this will be a big relief to the small-scale players.
Banerjee further commented that deferment of Reverse Charge Mechanism (RCM) is welcome as it encourages registered taxpayers to continue sourcing from small and unregistered taxpayers.
The decision to bring down rate for AC restaurants to 12 percent and reduction of tax slabs for around 60 items to 5 percent from 12 percent will help boost household spending and further economic growth, they said.
Banerjee also stated that raising of turnover for composition scheme from Rs 75 Lakh to Rs 1 crore and deferment of E-way bill provisions till April 2018 are indeed a big relief which will help trade and industry in getting adjusted to the GST compliances.
Regarding the e-wallet scheme for exporters and move to reimburse them within the next week, CII said this was a much-needed step and would help exporters save costs of working capital.
Exporters body FIEO's President Ganesh Kumar Gupta said that these initiatives will address the problem of the exporters particularly micro and small segments.
"The refund of GST for the month of July by 10th October and August by 18th October will address the liquidity concerns of the exporters," they said.
Gupta also welcomed the decision to introduce e-wallet, mooted by FIEO, at the introduction of the GST which will provide a permanent solution to the liquidity problem of the export sector.
These are very pragmatic decisions which show the flexible approach of the government which will ameliorate the problem of export sector and will impart much needed competitiveness to exports, Gupta said.
The GST Council today made sweeping changes to give relief to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes, eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items.
Businesses with annual turnover of up to Rs 1.5 crore, which constitute 90 percent of the taxpayer base but pay only 5-6 percent of total tax, have been allowed to file quarterly income returns and pay tax instead of the current provision of monthly filings.
Also, the turnover threshold for businesses to avail of the composition scheme that allows them to pay 1-5 percent tax without going through tedious formalities, was raised to Rs 1 crore from current Rs 75 lakh.
Small and medium enterprises had complained of tedious compliance burden under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) that was supposed to be a simple indirect tax regime which replaced over a dozen Central and state taxes.
The Council also decided to cut GST rate on 27 common use items. GST on unbranded namkeen, unbranded ayurvedic medicine, sliced dried mango and khakra has been cut to 5 percent from 12 percent, while the same on human-made yarn used in textile sector has been reduced to 12 percent from 18 percent.
Exporters, who have been facing sluggish growth due to global slowdown, will get refunds for the tax paid by them on exports during July and August by October 18, they said.
For the remainder of the fiscal, they will operate under an exempted category paying a nominal 0.1 percent GST, they said, adding from April 1 attempt would be made to launch an e-wallet facility for the exporters to provide liquidity.
After months of hard work, planning and preparation the waiting is nearly over as St Mary's Kiltoghert are preparing for a weekend to remember with the staging of The OsKaRs.
Club members have been busily working behind the scenes for the last few months to organise this movie extravaganza which will take place at a gala function in The Landmark Central tomorrow, Saturday, October 7.
Scenes from seven popular movies and tv programmes have been chosen and all seven will be screened for the very first time on OsKaRs Night on October 7.
In no particular order the seven scenes have been selected from - Rocky; Bridesmaids; The Field; The Snapper; Forrest Gump; Father Ted and Fawlty Towers.
Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation
NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., who is the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, about the newly released GOP-Nunes memo, the Democratic memo and how this affects the committee's investigation.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Three days ago, the president said they would release it 100 percent. Today the White House authorized its declassification, and now the memo is out. This would be the memo from Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee alleging that the FBI and Justice Department abused surveillance powers to target the Trump campaign and to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page. The memo says biased FBI agents didn't disclose that the evidence they used to get a warrant came out of paid Democratic opposition research, and that the former British spy who compiled that opposition research was, quote, "desperate that Trump not get elected."
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Democrats and the intelligence community strongly objected to the release of this memo, including Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, who joins us now. Congressman Schiff, welcome.
ADAM SCHIFF: Thank you. It's good to be with you.
SHAPIRO: You've read the intelligence behind this memo, and you've said the final product that was made public today has dramatic omissions and Distortions. What are the biggest offenses in your view?
SCHIFF: Well, the biggest offense, frankly, is all that this leaves out. Now, there are some things that are in the memo that are just plain false. But the bigger problem is it gives you only cherry-picked facts from the FISA application. Now, you can imagine with any lengthy document you can pull a piece here and you can pull a piece there and you can use it to paint a portrait that would be critical of whoever wrote the document. And that's what they've done.
SHAPIRO: So are you saying there was other evidence besides the Steele dossier that went into the FISA application?
SCHIFF: Of course. And not only was there other evidence beside the Steele dossier, the way they characterize it as if the entire Steele dossier, including the salacious allegations of this video, were somehow submitted to the FISA court - that's not correct. There were portions of the work that Christopher Steele did that there were pertinent to Carter Page that were included, and some were corroborated. And there was a lot of other information presented about Carter Page, who had come to the attention of the FBI years before they had any affiliation with the Trump campaign, in connection with a Russian intelligence operation in New York. None of that is laid out in this document.
And the FBI and the Department of Justice are quite right. It's really not only reckless, but misleading for them to do this. The procedure they used to publish this document has never been used before, and for good reason. The Congress shouldn't be cherry-picking intelligence and publishing it for political reasons.
SHAPIRO: Of course, you and the Democrats on the committee have a rebuttal memo, which is still classified, and House Speaker Paul Ryan has said they support releasing it. Have you been given any assurances about when or if your version of events will be made public?
SCHIFF: No, we haven't. We're going to try to force a vote on it on Monday. I think the Republicans know it's really unsustainable for them to claim they're doing this in the interest of transparency but refuse to let the country see the response to it. More than that, though, this whole idea that they're just doing appropriate oversight ignores the fact that we wanted - we, the Democrats, wanted the FBI to come in and have a chance to answer questions from the committee about anything the Republicans were raising, and they didn't want to hear the answers.
So if they had concerns about anything left out of the FISA application they could have asked the FBI, was this included or why it wasn't included? And the FBI would've had a chance to say, actually, we did include this information, and if you look here you'll see we did, and this other information wasn't known to us at the time. They could give explanations, but that's not really what the Republicans wanted.
SHAPIRO: You know, one lingering question is whether the White House had any role in the drafting of this memo. The committee chairperson, Devin Nunes, refused to answer that question. Do you have any insight into that?
SCHIFF: Well, I don't. Of course, it wouldn't surprise me because this whole memo business is a continuation of what the chairperson began when they went on that now-infamous midnight run to the White House and then later presented documents to the White House that they said they had discovered from some secret source only to find out that the documents they were presenting they had obtained from the White House. So...
SHAPIRO: And they then recused themselves from the Russia investigation.
SCHIFF: They were forced to recuse themselves but never really did. And they really should have. And I think their continued participation in the investigation just brings discredit upon it. We...
SHAPIRO: And in the final seconds we have, your colleagues, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, have called on the speaker to remove Congressman Nunes as intelligence committee chair. Do you agree with them?
SCHIFF: I do agree with them, although considering the fact that the speaker of the House, who makes that decision, wasn't willing to weigh in when the FBI said that this was and the Department said this was extraordinarily reckless - tells you that the speaker is not going to look out for the - not only the institution, but the interest of justice. This rule presupposes that the president will exercise discretion if Congress should ever use the process, but clearly here you have a president who simply didn't care.
SHAPIRO: Congressman Schiff, thank you very much.
SCHIFF: Thank you.
SHAPIRO: Congressman Adam Schiff of California is the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
© AsiaWire
© AsiaWire
© AsiaWire
A 'mutant pig' born with two bodies and eight legs has died just minutes after being born.Farmer Gao Baiqi, who owns the sow, said the piglet appeared to have been joined to a parasitic twin.Gao said they had "never ever seen anything like it" after the pig was born with underdeveloped skin and numerous extra limbs.Gao, who lives in Fe County in Linyi City in China's eastern Shandong Province, spotted the little piglet among the rest of the sow's litter after they were born.He said the animal kicked and struggled, and Gao had planned to hand-rear it before it suddenly stopped breathing."Besides having one head, two bodies and eight legs, the piglet appeared normal and had all other organs," Gao said."I had prepared milk and wanted to feed it myself, but it died in a few minutes," they added.Gao buried the piglet on their farm - after showing it to curious residents living nearby.In June a 'freak' piglet with two heads was saved from slaughter by a kind-hearted farmer who decided to keep it as a pet.The farm animal was separated from its siblings in the same litter at birth and is now being raised on the side.Footage from the farm in China shows the pig is able to walk around on its own despite its bizarre conjoined head.It still appears slightly unstable and wobbles as it tries to orientate itself with its eyes - of which there are two on either side of its two heads.The third and fourth eyes appear not to have developed properly and would have been somewhere in the middle of the two heads.
The voters of the Town of Hempstead elected Laura Gillen supervisor to end the nepotism, cronyism and self-dealing that has bloated their tax bills. Now, days before he's booted from town hall, Anthony Santino wants to hijack the future of Hempstead with a disenfranchising power grab designed to reward their loyalists, undermine Gillen's new administration and spur their comeback.
Republicans have enjoyed a century of uninterrupted power in Hempstead, and they've often used that time to pad the payroll with sycophants and apparatchiks whose only goal is to keep the party in power. Now, in Tuesday's town board meeting, Santino will attempt to blatantly redefine machine politics in a way that takes every taxpayer hostage, and booby-traps efforts to restore honest governing, all the while waving a red flag for federal prosecutors.
Santino is planning several maneuvers to tighten their hold. The most egregious is an amendment to the Civil Service Employees Association contract that says “no employee shall be terminated for reasons due to budgetary, economy, consolidation, abolition of functions, abolition of position or curtailment of activities but may be terminated only for misconduct or incompetence.” The town's five-year contract with the CSEA, which allows layoffs, was just approved in July. Santino clearly didn't feel a need to have a no-layoffs provision then.
This post-election change of heart includes none of the givebacks normally traded for such a guarantee. And it comes at a time when Congress is very close to restricting or eliminating deductions for property taxes. Such a move in Washington could be devastating for our economy. Yet Gillen's hands would be tied in responding to any such fiscal crisis.
Santino is also pressuring the board to vote on changes to job descriptions, titles, departmental assignments and pay rates for 192 town employees, many of them appointees who still would not be protected by the “no-layoff” resolution unless they were moved to these new roles. Many of these highly paid workers are Santino's palace guard as well as the inner circle of the GOP friends-and-family operation. This group includes assistants and secretaries of Santino and board members, and high-ranking employees. Town spokesperson Mike Deery would keep their $205,000 salary but instead of spinning of behalf of the supervisor they would become “confidential assistant to the receiver of taxes.” Queried as to who last had that job and what they or they were paid, the town has not answered. Senior policy adviser Matt Coleman would now earn their $150,000 as a research assistant in the waterways department — doing what, no one knows.
Gillen has said they will review all employees based on merit, and will keep those who work on behalf of the taxpayers, not the party. But if three board members betray the voters and sell their souls in the process, the fresh start their campaign promised voters will be thwarted. Santino will have destroyed their reputation and credibility along with the documents Gillen says are going missing in town hall. And the Hempstead GOP will have sent itself into the wilderness for a very long time. — The editorial board
The Bristol Sports Hall of Fame is sponsoring an internet safety program for student athletes on Wednesday, March 8 in the Bristol Central High School Auditorium.
The program is “Take This Play Off, Social Media Education for Student-Athletes. It will be presented by Tom Pincince, assistant athletic director for Communication and Media Services for Central Connecticut State University.
Presentation Topics include: Good decision making; Social Media Statistics; Privacy: What you know and don't know about your privacy settings?; Social Media Do's and Don'ts; Positive social media presence is important.
The program is open to all middle school and high school students and their parents.
Admission is free.
Kansas State Treasurer Ron Estes has officially submitted their letter of resignation. Estes will be sworn in as the United States Representative from Kansas' 4th Congressional District on April 25th.
The letter reads as follows:
Governor Brownback,
It has been an enormous honor serving the people of Kansas as State Treasurer. I'm grateful to the voters who twice elected me to serve them as State Treasurer. Thank you also to my staff at the Treasurer's Office who faithfully execute their responsibilities with diligence and expertise every day.
During my more than six years in office, I've traveled to all 105 Kansas counties, returning over $113 million in Unclaimed Property to rightful owners. The Learning Quest College Savings Program has grown significantly, and we launched the new Kansas ABLE Savings Program to empower people with disabilities to save for their future. The Cash Management division has continued to run smoothly and professionally, and the Bond Services Department has served local municipalities, school boards, and other units of government with proficiency. And thanks to the hard work of you, the Legislature and the KPERS Board, I can also proudly say that the Kansas pension system, KPERS, is in much better shape than when I came into office.
On Tuesday, April 11th, the voters of the 4th Congressional District selected me to represent them in the United States House of Representatives. It will be my honor and privilege to serve in this capacity.
I hereby resign my position as Kansas State Treasurer effective with my swearing in to the US House of Representatives, which is now scheduled to occur on Tuesday, April 25th.
Sincerely,
Ron Estes
Facebook Updates Community Standards, Expands Appeals Process
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martin Meissner/AP Martin Meissner/AP
Facebook announced changes to its content review policy Tuesday, adding an appeals process for removed content and releasing the internal guidelines it relies on to make content determinations.
While the social media giant has listed a set of publicly available community standards for several years, the latest update includes the more detailed guidelines that content reviewers use internally when deciding whether to allow or remove posts.
The updated appeals process will allow posters of removed photos, videos or posts to contest determinations they feel were wrongly made. Previously, appeals of community standards determinations were allowed only when a Facebook page, group or profile was removed entirely.
Facebook has been hesitant to reveal details of its content review policy in the past. But the company says Tuesday's announcement is part of its promise to "do better" and be more transparent about how it decides what stays up and what gets taken down. The changes come just weeks after CEO Mark Zuckerberg was grilled on Capitol Hill about Facebook's alleged censorship of conservative viewpoints.
Zuckerberg was asked by multiple lawmakers during their marathon testimony about "Diamond and Silk," two pro-Trump commentators who claim Facebook intentionally limited their presence on the site because of their political views. Zuckerberg apologized, calling the situation an "enforcement error" on Facebook's part, but the controversy raised questions about what type of content Facebook restricts and how it makes those decisions. Diamond and Silk are themselves set to testify before Congress later this week.
Granular standards
The newly released standards are a stark departure from Facebook's prior guidance, which had been crafted to express the company's values and priorities in a way that did not overwhelm readers.
"We've always had a set of community standards that the public can see," Facebook Vice President Monika Bickert told NPR's Steve Inskeep, "but now we're actually explaining how we define those terms for our review teams and how we enforce those policies."
Those new explanations are nothing if not comprehensive. They detail dozens of reasons posts can be removed and read more like the product of a team of lawyers than the words of an upstart tech company. The standards outline methods for categorizing content and provide specific definitions for terms like "hate speech," "terrorism" and "threats of violence."
"People define those things in different ways," Bickert said, "and people who are using Facebook want to know how we define it and I think that's fair."
Some objectionable content is classified into tiers, with Facebook's response matching the severity of the violation. Other content is removed if it satisfies multiple conditions in a point-like system. A threat of violence, for example, can be deemed "credible" and removed if it provides a target and "two or more of the following: location, timing, method."
Still other standards target particular categories of offensive posts. Content that "promotes, encourages, coordinates, or provides instructions" for eating disorders or self harm are specifically mentioned. And under its "harassment" section, Facebook says it will not tolerate claims that survivors of traumatic events are "paid or employed to mislead people about their role in the event." Other standards prohibit advertising drugs, revealing the identities of undercover law enforcement officers, and depicting graphic violence.
Context matters
When it comes to judging content, though, context is crucial. Facebook has been criticized in the past for its blundering approach to community moderation. In 2016, for example, the company reversed its decision to remove a post containing the Pulitzer-winning "napalm girl" photo, which depicted a nude and burned child in the Vietnam War.
Bickert says that example proves that exceptions are needed for newsworthy and culturally significant content.
Facebook's updated standards now list some exceptions for depictions of adult nudity, including "acts of protests," "breast-feeding" and "post-mastectomy scarring."
Still, questions remain over Facebook's content moderation program. Despite Zuckerberg's stated desire to use artificial intelligence to flag offensive content, the process remains very human. According to Bickert, the company has over 7,500 moderators who are stationed around the globe and work 24/7.
But conversations with those moderators paint a much bleaker image of Facebook's processes than the one Bickert provides. In 2016, NPR's Aarti Shahani detailed a workforce comprised primarily of subcontractors who are stationed in distant countries and asked to review large quantities of posts every shift.
It's not hard to imagine how someone located thousands of miles away, who grew up in a different culture, and who is under immense pressure to review as many posts as possible, might mess up.
The appeal of appeals
Facebook is seeking to address that problem with its new appeals system. Now, if your post is removed for "nudity, sexual activity, hate speech, or violence" you will be presented with a chance to request a review.
Facebook promises that appeals will be reviewed within 24 hours by its Community Operations team. But it remains unclear what relationship the team has with Facebook and with its first-line reviewers. If appeals are reviewed under the same conditions that initial content decisions are made, the process may be nothing more than an empty gesture.
Facebook points out that the content review and appeals process is just one way to clean up your experience on the site. Users have the ability to unilaterally block, unfollow, or hide posts or posters they don't want to see.
For the social media giant, it's a question of balance. Balance between free speech and user safety. Balance between curbing "fake news" and encouraging open political discourse. And balance between Facebook's obligation to serve as a flight attendant of a welcoming environment and the realities of running a for-profit, publicly owned corporation.
"We do try to allow as much speech as possible," Bickert said, "and we know sometimes that might make people uncomfortable."
Facebook says that Tuesday's announcements are just one step in a continuous process of improvement and adjustment to its standards and policies. How much of an improvement this step represents remains to be seen.
FCC Says It Will Vote On Net Neutrality Despite Millions Of Fake Public Comments Millions of public comments in advance of the FCC's vote on net neutrality turn out to have been faked. Some used phony names, others came from Russian email addresses. The FCC says it will go ahead with its vote this week nonetheless.
Outspoken Rumphi East member of Parliament (MP) Kamlepo Kalua (People's Party-PP) has accused the government of ambushing Malawians by circulating in Parliament pieces of legislation in the Electoral Reforms Bill which are not what Malawi Law Commission proposed….
The post Kamlepo protests ‘adulterated' Bill on Malawi electoral reforms: Nation newspaper says ‘ridiculous' and ‘paranoid' DPP appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
Camera Icon Radar imagery of rainfall in Perth today. Picture: Bureau of Meteorology
A cold front expected to hit Geraldton later this afternoon has arrived in Perth, bringing thunderstorms and small hail.
The Bureau of Meteorology reports that strong gusts of up to 94 km/h have been recorded at Cape Leeuwin and 80 km/h at Garden Island.
Bickley recorded about 12.8mm of rain between 9am and 11am.
A bureau spokesperson said the front was expected to weaken by the time it arrived in Geraldton.
They said gusts could reach about 65 km/h and thunderstorms were possible.
Rainfall of between 1mm and 5mm was expected, with falls of up to 10mm in some places.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Montana Brown left viewers in hysterics on tonight's Love Island thanks to their casual reaction to Sam Gowland and Chris Hughes ' huge argument.
The ITV2 show saw one of the most explosive arguments of the series as Sam squared up to Chris, when they heard he'd been trying it on with Olivia Attwood behind theirs back.
Approaching Marcel, Sam asked: “Has Chris been snakey behind my back? Is that true?”
Torn between their friendship with Sam and their loyalty towards Chris, Marcel diplomatically replied: “Chris never really was like ‘I'm going to nick their bird.'
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: LoveIsland/Twitter)
"But I think when they realised that there was an opportunity, they kind of thought about it and I think Liv may have said something to Jess about the situation.
"I did pull them aside and actually said to them ‘if this is what you're going to do, you need to go and talk to Chlo, you need to go and talk to Sam before you even try to do anything.'”
A betrayed Sam approached Chris: “I think after what I've been told we need a word…”
Squaring up in the garden, Sam wanted an explanation: “First things first, I've nothing against you, no problem. I'm not bothered about you and Liv. But I've found out that you've gone behind my back.”
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Chris once again protested against any wrongdoing: “The first time I knew anything about this was today, so nothing's gone on behind your back before that. That's the first time I've sat down and had a conversation with Liv, genuinely.”
With tempers flaring the conversation quickly descended into another intense row, as Sam warned Chris: “Don't start raising your voice with me, I'm telling you now.”
But a defiant Chris remained unapologetic: “Sam the first time I've spoken to them properly was then, so how can I go behind your back and do anything?”
Watching on, Montana continued to casually eat their cereal, and Love Island viewers were loving it.
One said: "Montana watching all the drama unfold from the corner with a bowl of cereal is my favourite #LoveIsland aesthetic yet."
Another added: "Montana eating their cereal while watching the lads kick off is what I LIVE for ahahaha icon."
A third agreed: "Love the way Montana was eating whilst they were arguing, I swear that would literally be me during an argument."
*Love Island continues on ITV2 tomorrow at 9pm
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In what marks a major step towards flying taxis, Airbus has completed a successful test flight of its autonomous aircraft , Vahana.
The test flight, which took place at the Pendleton UAS Range, saw the electric vehicle take-off vertically, reaching a height of five metres before descending safely.
Zach Lovering, Project Executive of Vahana, said: “Today we are celebrating a great accomplishment in aerospace innovation.
“In just under two years, Vahana took a concept sketch on a napkin and built a full-scale, self-piloted aircraft that has successfully completed its first flight.
(Image: A3)
"Our team is grateful for the support we've received from A³ and the extended Airbus family, as well as our partners including MTSI and the Pendleton UAS Range."
Project Vahana began in 2016 and is one of the first projects at A³ - the advanced projects and partnerships outpost of Airbus Group in Silicon Valley.
The vehicle has room for one passenger, who sits under a canopy that retracts like a motorcycle helmet visor.
(Image: A3)
Vahana takes off and lands vertically, using helicopter-like struts and tilting wings, each with four motors.
Rodin Lyasoff, CEO at A³, said: “Vahana's first flight demonstrates Airbus' unique ability to pursue ambitious ideas quickly, without compromising the quality and safety for which the company is well-known.
“For A³, it proves that we can deliver meaningful innovation with aggressive project timetables, to provide a real competitive advantage for Airbus.
(Image: A3)
“Our focus now is on celebrating the work of the tireless Vahana team while maintaining the momentum of this accomplishment.”
While a timeline for the project remains unclear, Airbus has previously claimed that it will have a model on the market by 2020.
The team is now planning additional tests, including transitions and forward flight.
KABUL: Pakistani and Afghan officials have met for a second round of talks about allegations levelled against Islamabad in the wake of recent deadly militant attacks in Kabul that have killed over 200 people.
A joint statement after the day-long meeting in the Afghan capital said the two sides promised to keep talking.
Kabul accused Islamabad of harboring the Taliban, but Pakistan denies the charges.
Islamabad says Saturday's meeting was part of a larger dialogue while the Afghans billed it as a response to their accusations against Islamabad.—AP
loading...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kenny Omega will face Cody Rhodes in their first singles clash when Ring of Honor goes head-to-head with WWE NXT over WrestleMania weekend.
The latest edition of the Being The Elite video series concluded with a tease of the former friends coming to blows at the ROH Supercard of Honor event.
And the company has now confirmed the ex-Bullet Club allies will headline the card at UNO Lakefront Arena in New Orleans, Louisiana on Saturday, April 7.
They will compete directly with the stars of WWE's developmental division at NXT TakeOver: New Orleans from the Smoothie King Center across the city.
WWE's offering is likely to feature a long-awaited showdown between Johnny Gargano and Tommaso Ciampa plus Andrade Almas versus Aleister Black.
ROH has been building to its headline bout for months by hinting at dissension within the ranks of the notorious faction, led by the Canadian star Omega.
It began last summer when Cody failed to capture the IWGP Heavyweight Championship from Kazuchika Okada at New Japan Pro Wrestling's's G1 Special.
The situation exploded at NJPW's New Beginning event in Sapporo, Japan last weekend when the former ROH World Champion viciously turned on their comrade.
Cody hit The Cleaner with a Cross Rhodes then attacked them with a steel chair before Omega's former Golden Lovers tag team partner Kota Ibushi made the save.
It came after Omega lost the IWGP United States Heavyweight Championship, which they successfully defended against Chris Jericho last month, to Jay White.
A statement from ROH said: "At Supercard of Honor XII, ROHWrestling.com can confirm that the two will meet ONE ON ONE for the FIRST TIME!
"Bad blood has been boiling for months between these two and they will try to settle their differences in New Orleans!
"Who will emerge victoriously? And more importantly, how will this schism affect Bullet Club? Join us in The Big Easy to find out!"
ROH is also advertising its world champion Dalton Castle, Bullet Club members The Young Bucks, Ibushi and Tanahashi for the show.
The ROH Supercard of Honor event should be available to watch via online pay-per-view at ROHwrestling.com and the FITE TV app.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of thousands of carers will get a pay rise under plans announced by Jeremy Corbyn tomorrow.
Labour will pledge to raise the Carer's Allowance from £62.70 a week to £73.1 - the same level as Job Seeker's Allowance.
The 17% increase will benefit nearly 800,000 “unsung heroes” who care for the elderly, sick and disabled.
By 2020-21 the number receiving the allowance is forecast to increase to 1.2million.
Mr Corbyn says increasing the amount will cost £538million by the end of the decade and will be paid for by scrapping the Tories inheritance tax cuts which will be worth £640million by 2020-21.
The announcement comes as Mr Corbyn faces a tough round of local elections on May 4 with polls showing the Tories have 21 point lead over Labour.
A YouGov survey put the Conservatives on 44% with Labour 23% - the biggest lead for a party in power since 1983.
Asked who would be the best Prime Minister 50% said Theresa May, 14% Mr Corbyn and 36% answered don't know.
A ComRes/Daily Mirror poll, published on Sunday also showed a 21-point gap, with the Tories on 46% and Labour on 25%.
There are fears Labour could lose at least 50 council seats in the elections, reversing the trend of opposition parties gaining ground during the mid term of Parliament.
In a speech in Birmingham, Mr Corbyn will say: “Britain's social care crisis was made in Downing Street by cutting £4.6bn from council care budgets. Millions of unpaid carers have been forced to fill the gap and put under even greater pressure as a result.
“The care they give to the disabled, sick and elderly saves taxpayers £132billion a year. So we believe these unsung, unpaid heroes not only deserve our praise and recognition - they deserve better financial support.
(Photo: Getty)
“That's why Labour is convinced it's both morally and economically right to give the Carer's Allowance a boost of £10 a week.
“We also think it's only fair that this extra support for carers is funded by scrapping the Tory cut on inheritance tax, which will only benefit the wealthiest people in Britain.
“This will be the first step in helping to transform our social care system for the 21st century and boosting support for family carers.”
Shadow care minister Barbara Keeley MP will add: “Unpaid carers play a vital role in our society and that role is too often ignored. There are an estimated 6.5million unpaid carers in Britain providing care, and support for family members and friends.
“Our health and care system would not manage without the care that they provide. Without them, millions of people would have to manage without any support at all.
“Labour believes that we should find ways to improve support to people who themselves give so much unpaid support to family members and friends.
“This small increment, funded by reversing a Tory tax cut for the rich, is the first step on the road to creating a care and support system fit for all those who need it. It will go some way to alleviate the financial burden that many family carers experience.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale fans like a cheeky innuendo as much as the next person - but it may have gone a bit too far tonight.
Over the last few weeks viewers have watched Jimmy King struggle to deal with the pressure at work thanks to two jobs.
Poor Jimmy's stress has had a drastic impact on their bedroom performance, resulting in them taking one pill a day so they can't still enjoy intimate time with Nicola.
Humiliated Jimmy, who accidentally spilled their secret to half the village, was lured out to the cafe with the promise of extra bacon and fried bread.
But their problems resurfaced thanks to some filthy innuendos that were awkwardly made in their presence.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
When Nicola said Jimmy was having salad for dinner, Faith Dingle said: “Oh give over he's a growing lad aren't you Jimmy.”
Getting the wrong end of the stick, furious Jimmy replied: “What's that supposed to mean?”
Faith explained that “a little of what you fancy” isn't bad for you unless it's one of Rodney's iced fingers which are “rock solid”.
Nicola defend their dad's sweet treats, even when they were asked to have a taste of one.
Not realising what they're way saying, they added: “I like things that are rock solid.”
Rodney's young lover Misty burst out laughing, causing mortified Jimmy to storm out of the cafe.
(Image: ITV)
Shocked Emmerdale viewers took to Twitter after the saucy scenes.
One viewer said: "Rodney's iced finger. Rock solid. Too much for a Tuesday"
"Ooooh yeah Saucy scene for jimmy pre watershed porn," another added.
A third said: "This Jimmy's ding dong storyline is awful and cringy"
It all turned out well, sort of, in the end as later on Jimmy had a sex therapy session with Misty, which definitely sorted out their bedroom issues.
There was still more drama though as, after some afternoon delight with Nicola, they saw their bra attached to Misty.
Furious Nicola demanded to know what their husband and dad's girlfriend had been doing in their bedroom.
CHRISTIANSBURG, Va. - A Radford University staff member has died after a Friday morning car crash.
Emily Martin, 22, died after being taken to the New River Valley Medical Center, Carilion Health Systems spokesperson Chris Turnbull said Monday.
Martin was a web and interactive media designer for University Relations, according to Joe Carpenter, Radford's vice president for university relations.
Martin was in a single-vehicle crash Friday around 1 a.m. in Christiansburg, according to the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office, which says its investigation shows the car ran off the right side of the street on Radford Road near Rock Road and hit a utility pole.
Martin got their degree from Radford University in 2016 and the school hired their last October, Carpenter said.
Below is a statement from Carpenter given to 10 News:
“It is with heartfelt sympathy that we confirm the passing of Emily Martin '16, who was both an alumna of and web and an interactive media designer employed at Radford University. Emily graduated from Radford University in 2016 with a B.F.A. in Graphic Design and joined the University Relations staff in October 2017. They were distinguished for their creativity in graphic design and passion for Radford University, as well as their collegial and friendly personality." The Radford family shares its deepest condolences with Emily's family, friends, fellow alumni and our University community.”
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
TUPPERS PLAINS, Ohio — Just seconds from victory.
The Eastern boys basketball team was ahead by one point as time winded down in the Friday's Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division matchup in ‘The Nest', but a Seattle Compston buzzer-beater gave visiting Miller a 64-63 victory and the season sweep of the Eagles.
The Falcons (11-6, 9-4 TVC Hocking) — who also defeated EHS by a 64-51 final on Dec. 22 in Hemlock — jumped out to a 16-13 lead after one quarter on Friday.
Eastern (5-10, 2-9) — which has now lost four one-possession games this season — outscored its guest by a 14-to-11 clip in the second quarter, making the halftime tally 27-27.
In a fast-paced third quarter, the hosts outscored MHS by a 20-to-19 edge, and the Eagles headed into the fourth quarter with a 47-46 lead.
Eastern made 10-of-12 free throws and a trio of two-pointers in the fourth quarter, but Miller surged for 18 points in the period and escaped with a 64-63 victory.
For the game, EHS shot 17-of-23 (73.9 percent) from the free throw line, where MHS was 11-of-16 (68.8 percent).
The Eagle offense was led by sophomore Garrett Barringer with 17 points on seven field goals and a 3-of-4 performance from the stripe. Isaiah Fish scored a dozen points for the hosts, Mason Dishong added 11, while Kaleb Hill and Colton Reynolds scored seven each.
Eastern's scoring column was rounded out by Sharp Facemyer and Blaise Facemyer with six and three points respectively. Reynolds and Blaise Facemyer were responsible for the Eagles' pair of three-pointers in the contest.
Colby Bartley led the guests with 18 points, followed by Compston with 16. Blayton Cox and Alec Eveland had 11 points apiece, with Cox draining a trio of three-pointers, while Carson Starlin finished with eight points.
After hosting Ohio Valley Christian in non-league play on Saturday, Eastern will welcome Wahama to ‘The Nest' for a TVC Hocking showdown on Tuesday.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
VATICAN CITY — South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis, after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute.
Pope Francis didn't seem to notice or mind, thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition "which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together."
South Korea's World Taekwondo organization, the Seoul-led international body, said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills.
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If Barcelona bid anywhere near £110million or £120m for Philippe Coutinho and Liverpool don't sell then, I'm sorry, but my old club are being barmy.
Atletico Madrid, Monaco and Borussia Dortmund have all built good teams for less in recent years.
And with a bit of clever thinking and some shrewd ­business then with that sort of dough there's no reason why J­urgen Klopp and Co can't build a side to rival any of those three.
What will probably happen if Liverpool do relent and sell Coutinho to Barcelona is that they will sink £60m each into the signing of two ­players.
After all, that's the lazy way the Premier League works these days. But it's nonsense and it doesn't have to be the case with so many good players still out there.
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: REUTERS)
They could bring in three or four with an exciting mix of potential and experience, and in time every Liverpool ­supporter would say, ‘Well, we did well there, didn't we?'
As it stands, they're digging they're heels in and ­refusing to do ­business.
But by doing so they face the ­prospect of losing out twice in terms of the transfer fee and the player's head going.
The only way the situation works out for all parties now is that Coutinho gets their move to Barça.
I don't think there's any chance of keeping a player once they have said they want to go – and less so than ever these days.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
When I played, you couldn't just go on strike - you couldn't really afford to. But as Diego Costa is proving, ­losing a few hundred ­thousand pounds in fines doesn't mean much to a multi-millionaire.
It's not as if they won't make that money back ­anyway.
Clubs don't call and say, ‘Hang on in there, keep ­feigning injury and ­eventually we'll get you. Oh, and by the way, it's going to cost you a fortune but you're okay with that, right?'
They'll be saying, ‘Don't worry, we'll make up any financial disparities, just do whatever it takes to get sold'.
There's little point ­ Liverpool supporters feeling hard done to in all of this, either, because every club is as bad as the other.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Getty)
I saw a great tweet that said, ‘All Barcelona are doing to Liverpool is what Liverpool did to Southampton over Virgil van Dijk and what Paris Saint-Germain did to Barça over Neymar.'
The person who wrote that was spot on and the reality is they all deserve what they get because it's happening all the way along the food chain.
We also have to understand Coutinho is being given the chance to go and play ­alongside arguably the greatest player to have laced up a pair of football boots, and those opportunities don't come round for many players.
And it's not like Liverpool have been competing for the title season in, season out or going deep into the ­ Champions League every year for the past four or five.
The best thing for all ­concerned is to get the deal done and fast because, as it stands, nobody is winning.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Finding a working business model was a challenge for Earthoholic's Smita Shirodkar.
It takes courage to quit a secure job and pursue something different, something only you may believe in. It takes even more courage when the employer is your father. But 35-year-old Smita Shirodkar was determined to chase a new-found love for farming and set up Earthoholics—a Mumbai-based company which organizes workshops on small-scale organic farming and provides kitchen gardening solutions for urban spaces.
From the family business to farming start-up: Shirodkar's family owns a consumer electronics business in Mumbai. While pursuing their executive MBA from the ITM Executive Education Centre, they started working in process optimization in their father's company, looking at the quality control of audio systems.
It was around this time, in early 2011, that Shirodkar thought of farming the vacant land next to their Goa factory for personal use. Them father, however, dissuaded them “Too much time wasted...not our cup of tea” were some the things they heard from their family. “But I visited the area and noticed that our labourers were using smaller patches of land outside their own homes to farm vegetables. That was the first time I saw lemon and bottle gourd actually growing. I realized how disconnected I had become from nature,” says Shirodkar.
The homework: Knowing that it was possible to farm on the smallest of plots, Shirodkar started reading up on organic farming. The more they read, the more determined they became, setting off on their own path. They attended workshops on organic kitchen gardening in Bengaluru, did an internship in Auroville, and was mentored by naturalist and Goa-based organic farmer Miguel Braganza. There was no looking back.
“I told Braganza that I am a very city person and I don't want to leave my city life. They introduced me to urban farming, and, eventually, in November 2011, I set up Earthoholics in Mumbai,” says Shirodkar.
Modelling a business: Earthoholics offers kitchen gardening services and organizes workshops for a fee. It also conducts sensitization workshops in schools, and for companies such as Standard Chartered Bank, Zee TV, SBI Capital and Reliance Nippon. It holds around 12 workshops in a month; each is attended by 200-250 people. Earthoholics also has a monthly kitchen garden maintenance contract with 15 clients. For such gardens, Shirodkar recommends edible plants and fruit trees like guava, lemon, star fruit and chikoo.
A lifestyle change: Shirodkar knows that had they lived their father's dream of running the family business, it would have been a more luxurious life. But now they feel “more productive, peaceful and useful, away from the binds of corporate life”. In an office, people were always there to help—there was too much comfort, they feel. But in their own endeavour, they have more time and scope to think out of the box and experiment.
They wake up at 5.30am every day and works on their plants. “My routine is just like anyone else's on a 9-to-5 job, just that I totally love what I do and I am more relaxed due to work from home. I am more eco-conscious or aware and buy local and seasonal produce,” adds Shirodkar.
The good, the bad, the ugly: Earthoholics initially faced a challenge trying to convince, and reach out to, people. The team—Shirodkar and two of their friends—found it difficult to understand what would get people interested. As they spoke to more people and conducted more workshops, interest levels rose. Shirodkar says the workshops act almost like a detox for many of the participants.
Earthoholics also manages a few community farms in some private societies in Mumbai. “It is very motivating to see that every evening there are children and senior citizens, coming together to pluck vegetables from these community farms and taking ownership of it. I was always worried that people would fight over the produce. But my worries were baseless,” says Shirodkar.
The insight: The challenge was also to find a working business model, because the team had to be paid. Shirodkar says growing awareness among people worked in their favour. “People getting more health and fitness conscious has helped. We are in a place now where even when I travel to Germany for half the year, the work for Earthoholics can continue without any disturbance. I think if I could do it, then anyone should be able to do it in the comfort of their own houses,” they add.
Green Thumb is a series that aims to understand why people with corporate lives give up their jobs to become urban farmers.
In what has already become an iconic image, a wounded veteran carried their race partner across the finish line at the Boston Marathon on Monday, all while they held an American flag.Earl Granville lost their leg while serving in Afghanistan under the Pennsylvania Army National Guard in 2008, WCVB reports . They had competed in marathons before, using a hand bike.During this year's Boston Marathon, however, they walked. Adding to the powerful imagery, as Granville neared the end, they put their guide over their shoulders. WCVB posted the video to Facebook , where it has millions of views and has been flooded with positive comments."This is what Boston Strong is all about! Great sportsmanship and humanity," wrote one viewer "The human spirit is alive and well, what a triumphant moment for these two - and in turn, all of us," wrote another In a Facebook post, Granville expressed their gratitude for all the support.
Award ceremony for Break the Silence Challenge
The Ministry of Social Protection on the 14th February, 2017 held an award ceremony for winners of the Break the Silence Challenge. The top three competitors won prizes for a valentine's night dinner, each at one of Guyana's leading dining establishments. The dinners are inclusive of a $5000 spending limit for drinks. The top three winners were all married couples. In addition there were 10 consolation prizes.
The competition encouraged participants to make a pledge to their partners not to abuse each other. It is one of the Ministry's more social attempts in the fight against gender-based violence. In their introduction, Ms. Akilah Dorris, Head of the Sexual Offenses and Domestic Violence Unit, congratulated the couples and encouraged others to keep an eye out for more activities from the Ministry in an effort to raise awareness on the issue of domestic violence. Ms. Dorris posited “We know there are no perfect relationships and every couple experiences challenges along the way, however we know there are couples that would have overcome their challenges while maintaining healthy and happy relationships”.
The competition saw a large amount of likes and shares, with competitors even tagging friends within the comments section of the various posts to gain more likes.
When asked what prompted them to enter the competition, Mrs. Husbands said that although they are not a person who is very inclined to a lot of social media activity they thought it is a really good activity that the Ministry was promoting and they were convinced that they too needed to be an advocate. Mr. Husbands encouraged men to listen to, love and respect their spouse.
Mrs. Johnson who copped second place, when asked about their message to couples, said that “your partner should be a part of you and hurting that person is just like hurting yourself”, they further stated “if you're seeing red flags, you should not stay in that relationship”. Mr. Johnson urged couples to be mature and said that arguments are healthy once dealt with in a mature and correct way.
First place winner Mrs. Onwuzirike said that they entered the competition to assist in sending out a message against domestic violence. They encouraged couples to put God at the center of their relationship and respect each other. Mr. Onwuzirike echoed the sentiments of their wife and said that it is important to communicate the message of non-violence at all levels. Mr. and Mrs. Onwuzirike have been married for over 16 years.
In their closing remarks Mr. Whentworth Tanner, Director of Social Services, chronicled the story of St. Valentine and said that it is an important example in showing that when you love someone you go out of your way to protect that person and not do harm them. They said that, that is the message the Ministry has been trying to achieve.
On Bryan Colangelo's Twitter controversy, NBA sources say 'the damage is done'
On Bryan Colangelo's Twitter controversy, NBA sources say 'the damage is done' May 30
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Brian Colangelo, president of basketball operations for the Sixers, was linked to five anonymous social media accounts that shared criticisms about current and former Sixers players and executives.
The 76ers announced Wednesday that they are investigating accusations made against Bryan Colangelo, the team's president of basketball operations, after a sports and pop culture website linked them to anonymous Twitter accounts that disclosed sensitive team information and frequently criticized players and head coach Brett Brown.
Fresh off the franchise's most successful season in nearly 20 years, the Sixers are suddenly looking at a firestorm that could seriously damage their “Trust the Process” rebuilding plan that has seemed to be headed toward championship contention. And it could cost Colangelo, hired in 2016, their job.
The team's main offseason goal — signing mega-free agent LeBron James, or another big-name free agent — could face new roadblocks.
The Sixers said in a written statement that “the allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter. We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
Read The Ringer's story here.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the Twitter handles reported by The Ringer, @phila1234567, which didn't have an account name. They never tweeted from that account. However, The Ringer alleges that Colangelo may be linked to four other accounts — “Eric jr”, “HonestAbe“, “Enoughunkownsources“, and “Still Balling” — that did make controversial tweets.
Poll If Bryan Colangelo is out as 76ers GM, should they bring back Sam Hinkie? Yes
No Vote Results
Colangelo denied being connected to those four accounts. The problem with Colangelo's denials, however, is that those tweets were aligned with some of the frustrations and beliefs inside the organization. According to several sources, that's why several players believe Colangelo is linked to the tweets even if they did not directly post from the burner accounts.
“I think the damage is done,” said an NBA executive, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “I don't know if the players can trust him. I think they lost the trust of the players unless it's proven definitively that it wasn't him.”
>>READ MORE: It's hard to see how Bryan Colangelo can survive their Sixers' Twittergate
>>READ MORE: How computer science could tie Bryan Colangelo to mysterious tweets
Visibly shaken
Colangelo is in Los Angeles attending agent-run workouts for NBA draft prospects this week. A league source said Colangelo was visibly shaken in a hallway as The Ringer report broke Tuesday while they were attending a BDA Sports Management workout.
Along with having two first-round draft picks (10th and 26th overall), the team is preparing to make a big splash in free agency, which begins on July 1. James is the Sixers' most sought-after target, but they are also eyeing Oklahoma City Thunder all-star Paul George, among others, according to sources.
“That's why they are going to have to definitively prove that it wasn't him,” the executive said. “You are getting into free agency, and these players aren't going to take a chance coming to the Sixers.”
An NBA agent, who also spoke on condition of anonymity, agreed.
“All it's going to take is LeBron saying, ‘If [Colangelo is] there, I'm out,' ” said the agent, who does not represent James. “That could make it hard for the Sixers to keep Colangelo.”
>>READ MORE: Guilty or not, perception matters for Bryan Colangelo and the Sixers
The Ringer report cited tweets that were critical of Brown, all-star center Joel Embiid, top draft pick Markelle Fultz's trainer Keith Williams and former Sixers Nerlens Noel and Jahlil Okafor. A number of tweets were critical of Masai Ujiri, the president of the Toronto Raptors and Colangelo's former assistant general manager there. Another tweet was directed at actor Gabrielle Union and their husband, Dwyane Wade, for allegedly mistreating a fan at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Union and Wade both responded on Twitter early Wednesday morning to that claim, saying in separate tweets that Union was not at the 2008 Olympics.
Embiid responded on Twitter at 11 p.m. Tuesday to the report that Colangelo allegedly talked negatively about them via a burner address, @AIVic40117560.
The center tweeted, “Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AIVic40117560 #BurnerAccount”
Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
However, in an interview with ESPN approximately 15 minutes later, Embiid said, “I talked to [Colangelo], and they said that they didn't say that. They called me just to deny the story. Gotta believe them until proven otherwise. If true, though, that would be really bad.”
Early Wednesday morning, Embiid tweeted, “Fun night on Twitter lmao. All jokes aside, I don't believe that story. That would just be insane.”
Colangelo and Brown
Colangelo and Brown did have different philosophies on certain players even if publicly they gave the appearance of being united in their messages.
Jerryd Bayless and Trevor Booker are two examples. Colangelo signed Bayless to a three-year, $27 million contract in July 2016. They were signed to be the starting point guard but missed all but three games of the 2016-17 season with a torn ligament in their left wrist. When they did play, they did not fit into Brown's playing style and wound up being the last player off the bench.
Now, the Sixers have to pay them around $8.5 million next season, and he's still not in Brown's plans.
Colangelo also sent Okafor, Nik Stauskas and a 2018 second-round pick to the Brooklyn Nets on Dec. 7 to acquire Booker, who was in the final year of their contract. The Sixers touted the power forward as a key to the team's making a playoff push. But, unhappy with their role, Booker asked to be released two months later once they learned the Sixers would sign Ersan Ilyasova.
So, the Sixers gave up two assets and a second-round draft pick for a two-month rental. And, Ilyasova and Marco Belinelli, who signed separately in February, were Brown's targets — not Colangelo's.
>>READ MORE: Read the tweets sent from accounts linked to Bryan Colangelo
Even more controversial, it appeared on Feb. 11, 2017, that Okafor, a former No. 3 overall draft choice, was to be traded. They did not play in the Sixers' 117-109 victory over the Miami Heat that night at the Wells Fargo Center.
Okafor was the subject of trade discussions with the New Orleans Pelicans, Chicago Bulls and reportedly the Portland Trail Blazers, among others. Brown even told the team that Okafor was about to be traded, so Okafor was not on the team flight to Charlotte on Feb. 13, 2017. Teams sometimes bench players if a trade is imminent, in order to avoid a deal-killing injury.
But Okafor rejoined the Sixers in Boston on Feb. 15 and came off the bench in the game against the Boston Celtics at TD Garden.
“It was just a weird situation,” Okafor said at the time. “I was just waiting to hear a phone call to say I was going to end up [in a certain] city. I just didn't know what to expect. … Now, I'm back here. It's just a weird situation for me. Something I never had to deal with.”
In response to Okafor's quote, the Eric Jr. account tweeted to @PompeyonSixers: “Ask Jah if they passed other team physical? They will not say not to lose other chance. But I bet the farm it's what's happened.”
It is that kind of inside information that seems to link Colangelo with the tweets.
>>READ MORE: From The Process to a Twitter mess: how Bryan Colangelo got here
>>READ MORE: Why do famous people love burner accounts?
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Underground pockets of boiling water and steam in a northern New Mexico national preserve that represent the heart of an ancient collapsed volcano could get extra federal protection under a new effort by the National Park Service aimed at limiting or preventing tapping the geothermal energy from neighboring land.
Federal officials said last week that the Valles Caldera National Preserve would become the 17th U.S. park unit with designated thermal features if approved. A monthlong public comment period will end Jan. 26.
Yellowstone, Crater Lake and Hawaii volcanoes already are on the list of parks with federally protected geothermal features.
Dubbed the “Yellowstone of the Southwest,” Valles Calderas is home to vast grasslands, the remnants of one of North America's few super volcanoes and one of New Mexico's most famous elk herds. The bear-claw shaped ring of mountain peaks that form the caldera also is culturally significant to neighboring Native American tribes.
Its visible geothermal features are nowhere near as striking as Yellowstone's geysers and consist mainly of above-ground, pungent smelling sulphur springs.
The nearly 140-square-mile preserve was purchased by the federal government in 2000 and managed as a working ranch for years. The Park Service took over preserve management in 2015.
The last privately-owned mineral rights within the preserve were taken over by the federal government about a decade ago to protect against geothermal development within Valles Caldera's boundaries.
Park officials said the proposed designation would address geothermal development just outside the preserve's boundaries by requiring federal agencies to work with the Park Service to determine if proposed drilling to tap adjacent geothermal resources would adversely affect the preserve's geothermal reserves.
The idea of tapping the steam beneath the preserve dates back decades, with the energy crisis of the 1970s spurring the first major wave of interest in the nation's geothermal resources .
The U.S. Department of Energy, Union Oil Co. and Public Service Co. of New Mexico spent millions of dollars looking into the feasibility of developing a geothermal power plant on what was then private property. The idea was ultimately abandoned in the 1980s.
Experts have said the caldera is still hot enough to produce steam and could generate electricity if harnessed.
In 2005, Texas-based GeoProducts — which owned the last of the private rights — threatened that unless the government agreed to what the mineral rights owners believed was a fair market price, the company would build a full-scale geothermal power plant in the southwest corner of the preserve, along with transmission lines to export the electricity.
Later that year, then-President George Bush signed legislation aimed at settling the dispute over the mineral rights. Government lawyers followed up with a condemnation lawsuit that gave the government control over the mineral rights needed to tap the park's geothermal reserves.
Interest in New Mexico's geothermal resources has increased again recently as the state works to wean itself from fossil fuels and boost renewable energy development.
In 2012, Gov. Susana Martinez signed legislation to ease the process for companies trying to develop geothermal resources.
More recently, another effort to encourage geothermal development happened when regulatory authority was shifted from the state's Oil Conservation Division to the Energy Conservation and Management Division.
The state's first utility-scale geothermal power plant opened in 2014 in southern New Mexico and supplies power to Public Service Co. of New Mexico, the state's largest electricity utility.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police, as they were protesting against Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega, in Managua, Nicaragua, Monday, May 28, 2018. Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university. (AP Photo/Esteban Felix)
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police, as they were protesting against Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega, in Managua, Nicaragua, Monday, May 28, 2018. Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university. (AP Photo/Esteban Felix)
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) - Influential business leaders called Wednesday for early elections to resolve weeks of deadly unrest and a political standoff between President Daniel Ortega's government and protesters demanding their exit from office.
Carlos Pellas Chamorro, the country's most prominent business person and believed to be the Central American nation's first billionaire, said in an interview with La Prensa newspaper that the Ortega government's political model is "worn out." They called for the election of a new government through "a free and transparent process."
"We must find an orderly solution, within the constitutional framework," Pellas added, "which implies reforms that entail moving up the elections" that right now are due to take place in 2021.
Pellas urged the immediate resignation of the entire electoral council, which has been accused of manipulating things to allow Ortega to consolidate power during their last 11 years in office.
There was no immediate reaction from Ortega's government.
Ortega most recently won re-election in November 2016, when opposition leaders had called for a boycott, accused the president of rigging things in their favor and accused them of dynastic ambitions for picking first lady Rosario Murillo as their vice presidential running mate.
Grupo Lafise Bancocentro, one of the largest conglomerates in Nicaragua, also called for the next presidential vote to be moved up.
"Let it be the will of the people through early elections that establishes justice, democracy and freedom in our country," read the statement signed by the group's president, Roberto Zamora.
Protests that began in April over now-scrapped social security changes have since expanded into a broader movement seeking Ortega's exit.
Human rights observers say more than 80 people have been killed amid a harsh crackdown by government security forces and allied civilian groups, along with nearly 900 wounded and over 400 arrested.
Amnesty International issued a report this week accusing authorities of a strategy of repression characterized by the excessive use of force, extrajudicial executions, control of the media and the use of para-political groups to quash protests.
On Wednesday, which was Mothers' Day in Nicaragua, mothers of the victims had organized a protest march along main streets in the capital, Managua.
Talks sponsored by the Roman Catholic Church on ending the crisis were suspended indefinitely last week due to a lack of progress.
Pellas, whose fortune is estimated to be over $1.1 billion, is president of Grupo Pellas and has interests in sugar, automobiles, liquor, banking, health care and media, among other sectors.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
ATLANTA — February 1, 2018 — SoftWear Automation announced today the newest SEWBOT® workline is available for global pre-order. The Digital Footwear Upper Workline expands the patented SEWBOT® Pick-Place-Sew™ automation for fully-automated shoe uppers.
In 2017, the SoftWear Automation team went to Waalwijk, Netherlands to speak on the future of footwear. Waalwijk is a small Dutch town with more than 400 related footwear businesses including a tannery. It used to be the global epicenter for footwear given its proximity to the world's largest port, dense forests and endless cows. Today, retail is almost all that's left there. It's a familiar story in manufacturing where jobs go to the lowest wage providers.
However, the story continues to evolve as supply side pressures mount; the industry doubles its efforts to focus on country sourcing strategies and places the customer experience on the back burner. With the launch of our Digital Footwear Workline we aim to put the “future of WOW” (put customer experience first) in a local supply chain on par with country sourcing.
The “future of WOW” in apparel and footwear manufacturing is how we produce a sewn good on demand with great variety, speed, quality, and low cost; and delivered to the customer within 3 days.
To enable this future, we are focusing on automation that can work without templates, without adhesives, and that is built with lean manufacturing at its core. Our SEWBOT® workline for footwear uppers requires just one operator for four or more worklines, and is not subject to dye cutter imperfections, size, style or most material changes. Load in the vamps and overlays and sewn shoe uppers come out the other end.
With 70% of labor in the sewing and construction of the upper and 18 months from forecast to delivery, our worklines automate the most labor intensive part of a shoe and provide the cost and flexibility to produce goods anywhere in the world on demand.
Posted February 2, 2018
Source: SoftWear Automation
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers will finally find out who stole the heist money after over a month of the seemingly never-ending storyline.
Tonight, the gig is up for the person (or people) who nabbed the cash from Aidan and their band of not so merry men.
The dramatic storyline has been full of twists and turns since Walford's wannabe gangsters held up a van full of cash and jewels.
This evening, however, it will come to a head as Mel Owen goes on the hunt to find out who is responsible.
(Image: 5649)
Pressured by Ciara, they try a new tactic by meeting up with Louise to try and dig out some info from them
Eventually manages to get Louise to invite them around to their house and gets the chance to snoop around.
But Sharon returns to the house - will Mel be caught out?
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Elsewhere, Phil tries to contact Ben through Jay, who is struggling over Abi's death.
Meanwhile, Masood is set up on a date by their aunt Mariam with a woman called Noor.
Also, Billy is left panicking about tax issues after hearing that Les Coker is set to pay a visit.
*EastEnders airs tonight at 8pm on BBC One
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
AN AUSTRALIAN Neo-Nazi hate group appears to be making a resurgence after a series of racist stickers were posted in Canberra's city centre in its name.
The stickers feature the Nazi swastika, as well as the words "Antipodean Resistance" and "21st century Hitler Youth".
Canberrans Dave McCarthy and Augustine Bamberry found and removed the stickers.
They posted images of them to social media on Friday to help spread awareness, encouraging others to take them down.
Dave was on their way to work when they noticed the sticker on the Canberra Museum and Gallery's entrance sign.
"I pulled it down, then 50 metres further on saw the same sticker stuck directly onto the Canberra Theatre Centre and also pulled it down," they told news.com.au.
"It's the first time I've seen something so blatantly like that in Canberra. I've seen patriot groups of a similar ilk come and go over the years, but to be flagging Nazism so prominently... never seen that."
Augustine went looking for the posters after they saw Dave's post.
"Later that afternoon, I went for a walk around the city to search for more so I could remove them," they told news.com.au. "I found five and made a post also asking people to remove them if they saw them as well."
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Since Friday, Augustine said he's seen and removed a bunch of other posters with their friends, in a number of places around the CBD.
In one instance, it appeared to be placed over a pro-marriage equality sticker on a pole.
"They were all stuck to poles around the city. Outside the Canberra Theatre, Ainslie Place, along City Walk, in Garema Place and other streets in the city," they said.
They said it was the first time he'd seen anything like this in progressive Canberra, and believes there may be more out there.
Friends warned people not to pull the posters down with bare hands, claiming the perpetrators can put razor blades behind them.
This was not the case on the stickers pulled down recently.
Augustine and their friends removed the posters from around the city centre.
Antipodean Resistance is a hate group that hails Hitler and opposes Jews, non-white people and the LGBTQ community.
It claims the world is "very sick" and describes itself as the "Hitlers you've been waiting for", and their website states their aim was to "provide an alternative for young Australians to the filth of modern society by setting a good example for people to live up to".
The cowardly members don't actually put their names to their posts - the group operates as a collective under the veil of anonymity.
The posters evoke Nazi imagery.
Last month, it was revealed that similar posters had been spread across Sydney.
In January, their hateful posters were seen around Charles Sturt University in Bathurst.
The posters bare anti-Semitic and homophobic slogans, often accompanied by violent images.
news.com.au has seen but chosen not to publish the more graphic posters.
Another Antipodean Resistance poster, which was posted at Charles Sturt University earlier.
But from a legal perspective, there are limitations on what can be done about it.
In 1989, Section 20D of the NSW Anti-Discrimination Act was introduced, which prohibited incitement to violence.
But since the law was put in place, there has not been one conviction for such behaviour.
Last November, the NSW Cabinet refuted an attempt by the Attorney-General Mark Speakman to bring in effective incitement laws.
Under the law presently, police would have to prove that an offender committed a crime because someone else told them to do it, making it difficult to take action against those who spread these posters around cities.
Speaking on 2GB last month, NSW Jewish Board of Deputies CEO Vic Alhadeff said more had to be done.
"It's disgraceful, it's horrific, it's unacceptable that anybody in this country in 2018 can publicall call for violence, death, murder against any group of fellow Australians," Mr Alhadeff said.
"The law in NSW effectively says, go for your lfie. Let's wait until something happens before we take action.
"The police cannot have their hands tied in that way."
Early exit from National Pension System is considered when you choose to leave NPS before retirement or before three years if you began investing after 60 years of age. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
The National Pension System (NPS) is a retirement product in which you need to invest till 60 years of age, also the retirement age. At 60, you can withdraw 60% of the money, but you need to buy an annuity product that gives you pension for life from the remaining 40%. Of course, if you wish you can buy an annuity product from the entire corpus.
But what if you are not ready to withdraw from the NPS just yet? There are rules that let you defer the annuity phase and continue investing in NPS. Here are the details.
If you are below 60 years
If you are 18 years of age, you can invest in the NPS up to 60 years of age. On maturity, you have three options other than the default option in which you can annuitise the entire amount or a minimum of 40%.
You can annuitise the minimum mandatory corpus but keep the rest invested and withdraw it at 70 years of age. You can contribute further till 70 years of age after which you need to withdraw it.
You can also defer the annuity payment for three years from the time of exit. These options give you flexibility; so make sure you go over them carefully.
But if the maturity corpus is Rs2 lakh or less, you can withdraw all of it and not go for an annuity.
If you are above 60 years
Owing to better health, longevity and demand by people, the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) last year increased the entry age to 65 years.
This means if you are more than 60 years of age but less or equal to 65 years, you can start investing in the NPS. You need to invest for a minimum of three years and not more than 70 years of age.
Subscribers will enjoy the same investment choices and the same rules on exit will apply as on subscribers who are 60 years of age or less.
Is Early exit possible?
Early exit from NPS is considered when you choose to leave NPS before retirement or before three years if you began investing after 60 years of age.
Being a retirement product, NPS discourages early exits and so what you get in your hand is only 20% of the corpus. The remaining 80% needs to get annuitized compulsorily.
So, before investing in NPS, decide how much you want to invest in the NPS. However, remember that NPS does allow partial withdrawals.
Mutombo is one of those animals you leave in your will," jokes Charleston native Joshua Fulton Fay. And with an estimated lifespan of up to 150 years, Fay's right. Lucky for him, and Mutombo, the pair seem quite smitten with each other.
Named after a retired NBA seven-foot center Dikembe Mutombo, Fay's African spurred tortoise (Centrochelys sulcata) takes after their athletic eponym. I mean, really, I'd put my money on this guy over the hare any day. Mutombo, sitting at about 80 pounds, scoots speedily (compared to one's preconceived notions about the reptile) around Fays' parents' expansive backyard where they live full time — once the gentle giant even got through the accidentally-left-open front gate and made it down the street of the James Island neighborhood. "The neighbors were posting to Twitter; they didn't know what was going on," says Fay. "He came back to our front yard on their own accord, though. They know where their food and shelter are, plus, I think they like us."
Fifteen year old Mutombo is at the beginning of their long life; Fay purchased the heavy lifter when they were a baby the size of a "half-dollar" at the Ladson flea market for a cool $75, "maybe it was even only $50" — Fay can't recall. Either way, quite a steal for the longtime (lifelong, even) companion. The vendor informed young Fay, a self-professed turtle nerd, and their mom that the deceivingly tiny turtle was the third largest tortoise species in the world.
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
The growing took a while, though — Mutombo was the size of a helmet at age five, and now, about the weight of a Labrador, Fay's exotic pet is expected to grow even larger. The animal's shell bears a resemblance to tree rings; it expands as the tortoise grows, with the scutes — keratinous scales — becoming marked with age. Gently tapping the protective covering, I ask Fay if Mutombo can feel my inquiring fingers. "He can probably feel the pressure, yeah," says the soft-spoken owner. Mutombo doesn't seem to mind, and even crawls closer and closer to my vulnerable tennis-shoed feet as I slide tentatively backward, Mutombo's mouth opening and closing in a cute yet (for someone admittedly averse to most reptilian critters) ominous fashion. "He wants to eat me," I say, half-joking. But the largest tortoise of the African mainland was not interested in me. They wanted the grass beneath my feet. "The grass makes up the main part of their diet — they were vegan before vegan was cool," notes Fay, adding, "he's not a meat-eater so he's not super aggressive, they won't attack you for food." This was good news, especially because I was really starting to warm up to the scaly critter. Other than grass, Fay says Mutombo feeds on veggies like kale, squash, and dandelion greens, and they get "pumpkin or watermelon for a treat, depending on the season."
There's a very visible tell for when African spurred tortoises are not healthy; their shells, instead of being smooth and rounded, begin to form sharp peaks. Mutombo's shell had zero peaks, meaning Fay is being attentive to their tortoise's dietary needs. On top of feasting on their fave eats, Mutombo also has their very own heated shed — Fay's parents keep a monitor inside their house to make sure he's always comfortable; their species is used to Saharan desert heat, after all.
On a 65-degree February afternoon, Mutombo seems pretty happy, although Fay tells me he's probably cold. "When he's warm, he's happy. They can be very social; they will go up and nudge people who come over." I ask Fay if owning an exotic animal is difficult or pricey. "Any pet will have its challenges," they answer nonchalantly, "I think he's relatively easy." Fay calls to Mutombo as they cruise around the yard, "Mutombo! Come here buddy!" For someone who grew up with 100-plus pound Golden Retrievers and borderline obese tabbys, I was used to large pets. But not cold-blooded. And yet, Mutombo didn't seem all that different from the mammals I so loved. "He knows their name," Fay assures me. And when Mutombo cranes their neck, their skin the color a shade of what I imagine the Saharan sand looks like, I believe they do.
WASHINGTON (AP) - A D.C. Council member apologized for a social media post in which they claimed that Jewish financiers control the climate.
The Washington Post reported Sunday that Trayon White Sr. (D-Ward 8) posted a video to their official Facebook page as snow flurries were hitting the nation's capital.
They said, "D.C. keep talking about 'We are a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate to create natural disasters they can pay for to own the cities."
White apologized, saying they didn't realize their remarks were anti-Semitic.
The newspaper reported Monday that White contended that the Rothchilds' control the World Bank and the federal government, making those remarks during a February gathering of top officials.
The Rothschilds are a famous European business dynasty that has been subject to anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.
___
Information from: The Washington Post, http://www.washingtonpost.com
New Delhi: Country's largest public lender, State Bank of India (SBI), has slashed its staff by 6,622 in the first quarter of current fiscal due to retirements and voluntary retirement scheme. The staff headcount has landed to 2.73 lakh from 2.80 lakh at the start of the quarter. Following the merger with its subsidiaries, the bank now plans to redeploy more than 10,000 employees.
The bank experienced an exit of 7,247 employees following retirements in its first quarter of FY18, including 3,569 employees of the former associate banks who were offered a voluntary retirement scheme. The bank had squandered Rs 473 crore ex gratia under this scheme which will lead to salary savings of Rs 400 crore per year.
Out of the total staff planned to be redeployed, 2,000 amounts to shift in administrative offices, and rest because of branch rationalisation.
In contrast to the exits, the bank has employed about 625 personnel only in the first quarter, reducing the total headcount to 2,73,181. There is a possibility of further decline as full year retirements in the current fiscal year are predicted to be around 15,460.
Reportedly, bank is training specialists for digital space and marketing though not in huge quantity.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton still want an Arsenal forward even though their attempts to get Olivier Giroud failed.
Ronald Koeman liked the Frenchman but is apparently transferring their attention to England international Danny Welbeck.
Tuttomercartoweb report the Arsenal striker 'is very fond of the Toffees coach'.
A move to Goodison would see Welbeck reunite with former Man United team-mate Wayne Rooney.
(Image: AFP)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Chelsea eyes the Ox
Roman Abramovich is ready to start a £120million Chelsea spending spree with a fresh move for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Chelsea are determined to test Arsenal's resolve to keep Oxlade-Chamberlain with a £35m bid as they also target Virgil van Dijk and Danny Drinkwater.
Chelsea owner Abramovich seems prepared to back Antonio Conte after the club's poor start to the campaign following their defeat to Burnley.
But they are ready to try to change the mood and their interest in Oxlade-Chamberlain leaves Arsenal with a dilemma over whether to sell.
John Cross has the full story here .
Wilshere impresses on return
(Image: Rex Features)
Jack Wilshere impressed for Arsenal Under-23s against Derby County on Monday night as reports continue to rage on their future at the club.
The 25-year-old midfielder played 73 minutes in an entertaining 3-2 win for the Gunners - after being 2-0 down - in their Premier League 2opener.
Wilshere was eager to put in a good showing for Arsene Wenger amid reports of interest from Serie A giants Juventus and Newcastle United, along with a number of other clubs.
Francis Coquelin and Kieran Gibbs were also in action, along with exciting young talent Reiss Nelson who scored a double to bring Arsenal level.
Here's the full story.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jose Mourinho on their friendship with Middlesbroug
Jose Mourinho refuses to be drawn on discussions
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven Gerrard has hailed Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and stated that, as a Liverpool fan, the potential of the French ace quite simply scares him.
United splashed out £89million to bring Pogba back to Old Trafford in the summer, after a four-year sojourn at Juventus, with whom they won Serie A in every one of their Italian campaigns.
Pogba had something of a slow start to life back in Manchester, but has flourished in recent weeks, culminating in a terrific headed winner against Middlesbrough on Saturday, as United fought back from behind with two late goals.
The Frenchman, 23, will again be in the United lineup for the trip to West Ham on Monday, as Jose Mourinho's men look to continue their recent run of form.
And Gerrard believes that "phenomenal" Pogba is truly back on song.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
(Photo: Tom Purslow/Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Jose Mourinho speaks ahead of West Ham trip Share this video Watch Next
Speaking to BT Sport, Gerrard said: "I think he's got better and stronger week by week. He's obviously a phenomenal talent.
"I think coming with that big price tag early on has weighed them down a bit and Manchester United weren't in the rhythm but I think now they've found their best position.
(Photo: BT Sport)
"I think [Michael] Carrick complements them so well and now we're seeing the Paul Pogba that we all expected to see and he's only going to get better and better.
"He's young, he's leggy, he's got all the tools in the bag and there's no doubt about it he's one of the best midfielders now and he's going to get better which is a scary thought being a Liverpool fan!"
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused them of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of their 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. Their new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
THE injury suffered by Liverpool star Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the Champions League semi-final win over Roma is 'probably really bad' according to manager Jurgen Klopp.
The English international was stretchered off before the 20-minute mark of the clash which the Reds eventually won 5-2.
Speaking after the game, Klopp told BT Sport: "Oxlade, it's probably a really bad injury.
"If we can say that already before the scan, that's never good news so that means for us it's a massive blow, of course.
Liverpool's English midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (L) picks up an injury
"We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger in the moment, so we obviously need to be creative in the next few games."
Oxlade was replaced by Gini Wijnaldum in the match as the Reds strolled to a huge victory at Anfield.
The injury news also comes as a blow to England's World Cup hopes with the midfielder widely expected to have played a big role for the Three Lions in Russia on the back of their massively improved form since joining the Merseysiders from Arsenal.
Its unclear when a full diagnosis on their injury layoff will be confirmed, but their World Cup could well be in danger.
© Joshua Roberts / Reuters
The White House is expected to reverse Obama-era policies that encouraged race considerations in college admissions, after Harvard was accused of discriminating against people of Asian decent.At the same time it emerged that Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is preparing roll back a number of Obama-era education regulations, including protections for students in debt to for-profit schools, and rules that required for-profit schools to equip students with minimal employment skills to qualify for federal aid. The Trump administration says it seeks to "level the playing field" in education by rescinding the guidelines.The Department of Justice is currently probing how these policies have factored into admissions on college campuses, and administration lawyers are investigating a 2015 complaint alleging that Harvard University discriminates against Asian-Americans in its admissions practices. While the administration says that these measures are being taken in order to make college admissions more fair, few seem convinced.Trump's aversion to regulations is in sharp contrast to the Obama administration's education policies. The last administration cracked down on for-profit schools which used predatory practices to target low income or minority students who later struggled to pay back their federal student loans. With these safeguards now on the chopping block, critics have accused the Trump administration of hopping into bed with the pro-profit education industry. But administration officials claim that the regulatory rollbacks are aimed at making American education more fair and accessible.Liz Hill, a spokesperson for the Education department, insisted that there were no "for-profit advocates" at the Education department, adding that DeVos is "doing what's best for students, not capriciously targeting schools based on their tax status," Hill said. "She is leveling the playing field, not tilting the scales."The regulatory and guidance rollbacks won't be the first changes that the Trump administration has made to American education. In February 2017, the Justice Department withdrew two policy documents related to colleges' enforcement of Title IX, a gender discrimination statute.Social media has responded to the controversial policy changes with nostalgic pining for a return to the Obama days. However,
It was only on yesterday that Samsung released two smartphones - Galaxy J7 Pro and Galaxy J7 Max in India. Now, it looks like the company has slashed the price of Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB in the country.
The information regarding the Galaxy J7 Prime price cut comes in from the Mumbai-based mobile phone retailer and Twitter user Mahesh Telecom. The smartphone seems to have received a price cut of Rs. 1,000 that takes it price down to Rs. 15,900.
Notably, the Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB variant was launched in the country only in the last month at Rs. 16,900 in two color options - Gold and Black.
Going by the price cut information that was revealed by the retailer on the social media platform, the Galaxy J7 Prime can be purchased at Rs. 15,900 starting from June 14, 2017. However, an official confirmation from Samsung regarding the same is still awaited.
Galaxy J7 Prime specs
Detailing on the specifications of the Galaxy J7 Prime, the smartphone flaunts a metal body and boasts of a 5.5-inch FHD 1080p 2.5D glass display with Gorilla Glass 4 protection. At its core, there operates a 1.6GHz octa-core Exynos 7870 SoC paired with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage. The default memory space can be expanded further up to 256GB using a microSD card.
On the imaging front, the Galaxy J7 Prime comes fitted with a 13MP main snapper with f/1.9 aperture, LED flash and autofocus. There is an 8MP selfie camera as well on board.
The other aspects of the Galaxy J7 Prime include 4G LTE support, Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS and a 3300mAh battery. The device also has features such as S Power Planning, ultra power saving, S Secure and S Bike as well.
CINCINNATI (AP) — The Bengals showed up with a hangover from their season-crushing loss on Monday night and gave one of their worst performances during coach Marvin Lewis' 15 seasons.
In a sense, the Steelers got 'em again.
With a defense gutted from their loss to Pittsburgh, the Bengals gave a sloppy and lackluster performance all-around Sunday, getting drubbed by the Chicago Bears 33-7 at Paul Brown Stadium. It was their worst home loss since 2008.
In the second half, they looked like a team going through the motions.
“We didn't have a lot of energy,” said Andy Dalton, who threw for one touchdown and one interception. “I don't think anybody expected this to happen.”
The Bengals (5-8) knew they had to beat the rival Steelers to have a chance to make the playoffs. They blew a 17-point lead — just their latest meltdown against their Ohio River rival — and came away with the defense gutted by injury. Starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick were sidelined, along with linebackers Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
The defense allowed the NFL's worst offense to have its best day. The Bears (4-9) ended a five-game losing streak and piled up a season-high 482 yards. Rookie quarterback Mitchell Trubisky had their best day yet, completing a career-high 25 passes for 271 yards. The Bears rushed for 232 yards.
Cincinnati's defense couldn't stop anything.
“Some new people, some moving parts, and you know, it was not very good,” Lewis said.
The Bears (4-9) came away with their most lopsided victory in five years. The Bengals were left starting at a dismal closing stretch of games, followed by a decision on Lewis, who is in the final year of their contract. Lewis is 0-7 in the postseason, worst in NFL history, and the Bengals won only six games last season.
“I'm at a loss for words today,” Lewis said.
Players described themselves and stunned and embarrassed by how poorly they played. Dalton said he'd never lost a game like it in high school or college.
“It wasn't good,” said Dalton, who threw their first interception since Oct. 22 during a loss in Pittsburgh. “It's disappointing that that's what we put out there today.”
Only 52,002 fans showed up at Paul Brown Stadium, which seats 65,000. The Bengals have had more than 10,000 empty seats for most of their home games, which works against Lewis staying beyond this season. The overriding question in Cincinnati now is how well the team will represent itself in the final three games.
“Definitely embarrassing,” receiver A.J. Green said. “Anytime you lose 33-7, no matter how good the other team played, it's embarrassing. We have three more weeks left, and we have to continue fighting.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola is interested in Brazilian Under-20 defender Lucas Halter.
The highly-rated centre back turns 18 next month and is already regarded as one of the best young defenders in Brazil.
Halter, called up to the Brazil Under-20's this week, is already being coveted by Atletico Madrid and Roma.
But Manchester City boss Guardiola could be set to raid the South American market again having already turned both Ederson and another rising star, Gabriel Jesus, into Premier League champions.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: FIFA)
Standing at 6ft 2in, Halter currently plays for Atletico Paranaense and has won plaudits for their composure, their aerial presence and their ability to bring the ball out of defence.
 They are the club captain at youth level for Paranaense and has already been involved with their first team squads.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry has revealed they are prepared to do a U-turn and play against Chelsea in the Premier League.
The former Blues captain and defender has been a smash hit at Aston Villa in the Championship.
Terry, 37, has now confirmed they are willing to extend their stay at Villa Park if they are promoted.
Terry previously dropped out of the top-flight last summer to sign for Villa as a Bosman on a 12-month contract.
They cited a reluctance to play against Chelsea as one of the main factors behind dropping into the Championship after 22 years at Stamford Bridge.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
But fourth-placed Villa could go up this term in the play-offs and Terry is keen to stay.
Terry told talkSPORT: “I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me.
“They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field. It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.”
(Image: Aston Villa FC)
Terry plans to go into coaching in the future and has discussed with pals returning to Blues to work their way up their coaching ranks to fulfil their aim of eventually bossing them.
At Villa they have been widely credited with taking Jack Grealish under their wing to help the starlet hit top form.
But the defender is keen to keep playing as long as possible themselves after making 31 starts for Steve Bruce's side this term.
Terry, who is on a £2million promotion bonus, said: “I certainly the made the right decision in the summer.
(Image: Aston Villa FC)
(Image: Getty)
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed.
"They are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me and the fans as well have been excellent.
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
Salerno, May 30 - Carabinieri police in the province of Salerno arrested nine people on Wednesday, including the mayor of the town of San Mauro Cilento, on a variety of charges including bid rigging. Mayor Carlo Pisacane of the 890-resident town was placed on house arrest, as were two assessors, two councillors, the municipal secretary, the managers of the technical and accounting offices, and the director of a waste management company. Charges include corruption, embezzlement, abuse of office, fraud and bid rigging.
Analysts said the sharp fall in the mid and small-cap stocks last week was seen as a buying opportunity by investors who were waiting on the sidelines. Photo: PTI
Mumbai: Mid-cap and small-cap stocks led a rebound in Indian stocks on Monday after tensions between North Korea and the US eased with key American officials playing down the risk of an imminent war.
Globally too, following last week's rout stocks rebounded after the US central intelligence agency's director Mike Pompeo and national security adviser H.R. McMaster said in separate Sunday talk show appearances that there was no indication war will break out, Bloomberg reported. Stocks in China, South Korea and Hong Kong gained around 1% while markets in France, the UK and Germany also opened firmer.
The BSE mid-cap and small-cap indices gained around 2.5% each on Monday outpacing the benchmark indices. The Sensex gained 235.44 points, or 0.75%, before ending at 31,449.03, its biggest one-day gain since 19 July. The National Stock Exchange's Nifty closed at 9,794.15 points, up 0.86%.
Analysts said the sharp fall in the mid and small-cap stocks last week was seen as a buying opportunity by investors who were waiting on the sidelines.
“Mid and small cap outperformed the markets as participants used the bargaining opportunity,” said Vinod Nair, head of research at Geojit Financial Services Ltd. “Weak US inflation data may influence the Federal Reserve to hold its dovish tone which eventually adds positive vibes to the emerging markets like India.”
Last week, mid-cap and small-cap stocks were hit the most, with their benchmark indices falling 4.3% and 5.5% respectively. The Sensex and Nifty fell around 3.5%, their worst weekly performance in 18 months. “Midcaps suffered last week due to the Sebi's directive on suspected shell companies. However, investors used that as a buying opportunity which have aided the mid-caps rally today,” said Kunj Bansal, chief investment officer at Centrum Broking.
To be sure, mid and small-cap stocks have been outperforming the benchmark indices this year despite weak earnings. So far in 2017, the BSE Sensex has rallied 18.1% while the Nifty jumped 19.7%. BSE Mid-cap and BSE Small-cap indices have soared 25.4% and 28%, respectively.
The sharp rise also shows in the comparative valuations. Mid-cap and small-cap indices are at a premium to benchmark indices, trading at 19.2 and 18.4 times their respective one-year ahead earnings. The Sensex trades at a multiple of 18.36 and Nifty at 17.85.
Largely investors look for better growth than valuation comfort. Mid-caps offer better growth than large-cap peers which is why they are more preferred,” said Pankaj Pandey, research head at ICICI Securities. They see more upside to the mid-cap stocks with the upturn in economic growth in India.
Among mid-caps which have done well in 2017 are Jindal Steel & Power Ltd (up 98%), L&T Finance Holdings Ltd (up 97%), Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd (up 86%), Bajaj Finserv Ltd (up 81%). In the small-cap index, Indiabulls Ventures Ltd (up 832%), Venky's India Ltd (up 361%) and Avanti Feeds Ltd (up 289%) were top performers this year.
India Virtual Hospital's Health Care Assistance Program (HCAP) which is a Unique Employee Health Assistance and Wellness Programme kickstarted at Bathinda Factory and Unit of National Fertilizers Limited, a leading public sector undertaking (PSUs).
With PSUs and Indian Corporate increasingly going in for effective healthcare & wellness programmes to provide a comprehensive welfare ecosystem to their employees, IVH HCAP is well suited to cater to their needs. It is a fine mix of health assistance and wellness model where the employees are rightly empowered to have a hassle-free treatment experience at effective costs, is continuously guided and counselled and is made aware of the benefits of good health leading to better productivity and satisfaction. Leveraging the wide Patient Care Partner Network across the country of India Virtual Hospital and robust technology module including IVH APP, IVH HCAP seamlessly cater to 5 major requirements of the working professionals — Quick and Timely Medical Support, Proper Guidance and Personalised Care, Choice of Multiple and Cost-effective Healthcare Options, Wellness, Occupational & Preventive Health Programmes, Special Discounts & Rates for Corporates.
Dr. Rohit Mody, Director, Department of Cardiology, Max Hospital who interacted with the employees said, “Heart disease may be a leading cause of death, but that doesn't mean you have to accept it as your fate. Although you lack the power to change some risk factors — such as family history, sex or age — there are some key heart disease prevention steps you can take to reduce your risks. Prevention of cardiovascular disease can be achieved by practicing regular exercise, by keeping to a balanced healthy diet, by avoiding tobacco smoking and by the maintenance of an optimal blood pressure and normal LDL-cholesterol and glucose levels. Major advances have been made over the past years but more can be achieved. Population and high-risk strategies should complement each other and involve society as a whole, the patients, healthcare professionals and health policymakers”.
Rai Umraopati Ray, Head, IVH HCAP said, “As globalisation and urbanisation converge in India to make chronic disease a significant problem, the PSUs & the corporate sector need to take a close look at effective workplace wellness along with comprehensive health assistance programme to tackle the situation. Our programme, IVH HCAP takes advantage of employers' access to employees at an age when interventions can still change their long-term health trajectory. Along with it, the programme helps employees to manage their health, medical and surgical care. It helps patient to take an informed decision with expert consultations, working out the best medical plan, coordinating with the hospital team for hospitalisation & procedure and providing much-required counselling for patients & their family members along with post-operation recovery needs and services.”
Sunil Arora, Chief General Manager, National Fertilizers Limited, Bathinda Unit said, “Health and Wellness is an integral aspect of our work culture and we continuously strive to introduce new initiatives from time to time which benefit our employees at large. For instance, stress is an ever increasing problem in today's time. Each one of us is grappling with various issues of living with tensions and stress. Hence learning to manage stress is an important life skill in today's time. Similarly, practicing preventive health measures is also crucial for a healthy and satisfying life”.
The first series of counseling sessions and talks at Bathinda Unit National Fertilizers Limited focused on Common Cardiac Symptoms and Healthy Life for Middle Aged along with practical sessions on Office Yoga & Ergonomics. The two-day health & wellness session as part of IVH HCAP Program began with health risk profiling of employees, followed by interactive sessions by expert doctors, nutritionists and yoga teacher. Special session was conducted for families of NFL Employees at Ladies Club within the township.
Asylum-Seeking Student Says Nothing Can Stand Between Him And Poetry
Enlarge this image toggle caption Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says they fled violence in their home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of their immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing them to compete, and they went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. They read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to them — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced them to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and they were like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why they connect to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions. (AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Lawyers for the state of Arkansas fought on multiple legal fronts Monday to begin a series of double executions before a key sedative used in lethal injections expires at the end of the month.
Bruce Earl Ward and Don William Davis Jr. had been scheduled to die Monday night, the first of four double executions set by Gov. Asa Hutchinson for an 11-day period. A federal judge issued stays for each of the inmates Saturday and a state court judge on Friday blocked prison officials from using a paralyzing drug until they could determine whether Arkansas obtained it properly.
Arkansas appealed in those cases and also hoped to dissolve a separate stay for Ward that had been issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. In a victory for the state Sunday, a federal judge in western Arkansas denied a stay request by Davis.
Any significant delay in court arguments could make them largely meaningless: Arkansas' midazolam supply expires April 30 and the state says it has no source for additional doses.
Inmates went to the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals overnight and asked judges to take their time reviewing transcripts and rulings, rather than complete their work in two days as the state has asked.
“Reject the state's request for a rushed analysis of this complex record,” they wrote. They also want the circuit court to schedule oral arguments, which could further run out the clock.
Even with the stays in place and questions remaining before a number of courts, executions are still possible Monday night. The U.S. Supreme Court could be asked to tackle a number of questions before the end of the day and, depending on those answers, Ward could walk to the death chamber at Varner for a 7 p.m. execution.
“Immediate reversal is warranted,” Arkansas' solicitor general, Lee Rudofsky, wrote Saturday in the state's appeal to the St. Louis-based 8th Circuit. “(D)elaying Appellees' executions by even a few days — until Arkansas's supply of midazolam expires — will make it impossible for Arkansas to carry out Appellees' just and lawful sentences.”
At a federal court hearing last week, prison officials testified that they have no new source for the sedative, which is intended to mask the effects of drugs that will shut down the inmates' lungs and hearts. The inmates say midazolam is unsuitable as an execution drug, saying it is not a painkiller and could subject them to a cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
Advertisement
If they aren't knocked out sufficiently, they would be able to feel the pain of their lungs and hearts stopping, they say.
In its request that the 8th Circuit review whether the inmates should be spared because of society's “evolving standards of decency,” the inmates lawyers say that even the executioners could benefit if Arkansas used a less-compressed timetable.
“Multiple executions are likely to result in mental health problems for those involved in the execution process,” they wrote Monday. They noted that Oklahoma began requiring a week between single executions after flaws were uncovered after Clayton Lockett's death during a midazolam execution in 2014.
“The current schedule does not conform to the standards followed in a civilized society,” they wrote.
In state court on Friday, Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen blocked the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide after a distributor complained prison officials used false pretenses to obtain it. The drug prevents the diaphragm from moving, essentially suffocating the prisoners.
Griffen scheduled a hearing for Tuesday morning, then joined anti-death penalty protesters outside the governor's mansion and tied themselves to a cot as though they were an inmate on a death chamber gurney.
The company that asked Griffen to act, McKesson Corp., sought to drop its lawsuit after U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker issued their stays on Saturday. It would keep the right to file another lawsuit if Baker's order is overturned.
A different federal judge has issued a stay for an inmate who won a clemency recommendation from the state's Parole Board, while the state Supreme Court has issued one for another inmate pending more mental health tests.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are sweating on the fitness of Daniel Sturridge after the striker limped off in the draw with Sunderland.
Sturridge was making their first start since October at the Stadium of Light and opened the scoring for Jurgen Klopp's men with a fine header.
But their afternoon ended on a sour note as they were forced off with 10 minutes to go.
The England striker went down clutching their right ankle and Jurgen Klopp confirmed they had taken a knock.
It is another blow for Sturridge , whose Anfield career has been severely hampered by injuries.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
James Milner was also withdrawn at the Stadium of Light as Alberto Moreno replaced them at the break.
They suffered a knock to their calf and was removed as a precaution.
Klopp went into the game without skipper Jordan Henderson, who has a heel problem.
Liverpool is hopeful they will be fit to face Manchester United at Old Trafford later this month.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
In their absence, Liverpool wasted the opportunity to close the gap on leaders Chelsea.
The Reds led the relegation strugglers twice but were pegged back on both occasions through Jermain Defoe penalties.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amir Khan publicly wished wife Faryal Makhdoom happy five-year anniversary as the clock struck midnight on Wednesday.
The former world champion, 31, shared a picture from their engagement party in 2012 on Instagram.
The pair got hitched in New York at the five-star Waldorf Astoria the following June.
They wrote: "Happy anniversary @FaryalMakhdoom mwah #5years #31May."
Faryal, 26, is yet to respond with their own anniversary post.
Amir's upload came less than a week after the boxing champion hit back at claims they cheated just a month after becoming a dad for the second time.
The boxing champion, 31, whose marriage with Faryal almost came to an end last summer, had been accused of cheating on them again, this time with a pretty beautician they met in a London nightclub.
But they quickly slammed the reports, claiming the woman they met was "drunk" and sent away from them by theirs bodyguards.
"What total nonsense!" they tweeted hours after the story broke.
"She was wanting a pic but was told to leave by secruity due to them being too drunk. IMO that's the reason they sold a story. Quite strange at the fact that there are no photos of us together.
"Supposedly, i gave them £20, is that all she's worth?" they added.
Faryal later appeared to hint that they let the incident slide.
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"S**t happens..." their cryptic Twitter message read.
Later, they shared a quote on their Instagram stories that read: "Enduring hardship is more rewarding then enjoying ease."
A second said: "It may happen that you ask God for something and they do not give it you to you in order to endow you with something of better quality later."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A patient of one of Moscow's most fashionable plastic surgeon's has died after undergoing breast lift surgery.
Mother of two Ekaterina Kiseleva, 32, was pronounced dead in the clinic from heart failure, say medical sources.
Surgeon Grigory Perekrestov, 31, well known for posing for selfies with their bare-breasted patients, has not commented on the death at their Triumph Palace clinic.
A criminal investigation has been launched following complaints from the patient's mother Evgenia.
They said: "All our complaints are deleted, our calls are ignored.
“We are in despair. We are killed, our life is over.
“Our whole family is cut to the root.
“A beautiful, healthy, intelligent woman entrusted these monsters to remove them defect."
(Image: east2west news)
(Image: GVP Plastic/east2west news)
“They took away not only money from her, but also life, which they gave entirely to their children and their work.”
Evgenia alleged that the anaesthetist Zeinal Nedzhafov, 24, left before their daughter - a mother of two who worked in the water industry - woke up, "flouting regulations".
Ekaterina had defied their family to have the five hour breast lift surgery costing £1,830 , after receiving assurances it was safe.
“My daughter was completely healthy,” said the distraught mother.
(Image: east2west news)
“There were no resuscitation facilities in this clinic,” said Evgenia.
“As I later learned, the administrator first called in a cardiologist when problems arose.
“She ran with their child from home, tried to restart my daughter's heart, but with no result.
“Only then did they call an ambulance.”
Them daughter was dead two hours before they were told, they said.
A criminal case has been launched by the Russian Investigative Committee which handles serious crimes, a spokesperson confirmed.
(Image: east2west news)
(Image: east2west news)
Neither Dr Perekrestov - popular for breast enhancement surgery in Moscow - nor Dr Nedzhafov has spoken about the tragic death of the mother.
The clinic said that procedures were carried out "correctly".
The victim, a divorcee, had two children, a son, 12, and a daughter, ten.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Colombia boss Jose Pekerman's job is on the line following their World Cup exit at the hands of England.
Pekerman, a 68-year-old Argentine who has been in charge of the South Americans for six years, failed to match their performance at the 2014 tournament, when the Colombians reached the last eight before falling to host Brazil.
Ricardo Gareca has already been linked to the job after confirming they have stepped down as Peru coach following their exit from the group stages in Russia, although they are also on the wish-list of their home country Argentina.
That could open the door for Juan Carlos Osoria, the Colombian who masterminded Mexico's victory over Germany on their way to the last 16.
(Image: FIFA via Getty Images)
Pekerman saw their side defeated on penalties by England on Tuesday evening, and lamented what they perceived as England player's antics.
"Players fall in the box, they collide and fall," they said.
"You have to try and stand in the shoes of these players. They are subject to situations which shouldn't really be present in football.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
"These interruptions are bad. When there are so, so many fouls and interruptions I think that's not good.
"We have to try and find the right balance so that football can happen and the two sides can play the match with good intentions.
"We shouldn't only look at Colombian players, people should look at England players. I wish I was wrong, but I think from the next match England will be much more careful.
"Today we were on the receiving end of this but I hope it won't happen again. It's been absolutely obvious, too obvious."
EDINBURG, Texas (AP) — Police in Texas acting on a tip found 16 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck in San Antonio.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino says the immigrants may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning. They had earlier said there were 17 immigrants locked in the tractor-trailer before correcting the number on Monday to 16.
Trevino said none of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. They said they were hungry and thirsty and were given food and water at the scene.
Those found locked in the tractor-trailer included eight people from El Salvador, six from Mexico and two from Romania, said Manuel Padilla, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's Border Patrol sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley at Texas' southernmost point.
A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesperson Nina Pruneda said no one has been charged yet in connection with the case but that the agency is working with state and local officials and talking to witnesses.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. Immigration officials say survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination. Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs in an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles (370 kilometers) south of San Antonio.
Trevino said that they discovered the immigrants after one of the people locked in the tractor-trailer called a relative in Mexico. The relative then called authorities.
Padilla declined to say if Sunday's incident was related to the San Antonio case, citing the ongoing investigation. But they said authorities had stopped more than 30 tractor-trailers since October in the Rio Grande Valley. That doesn't include Laredo, the Texas border city where authorities say the driver of the trailer in the San Antonio case said they stopped twice on their journey.
“You don't know how many you miss,” Padilla told The Associated Press on Monday. “But … the use of tractor-trailers to smuggle people out of this area is higher in South Texas, to include Laredo, than any other area along the border. And it goes right back to a weak border.”
Most people apprehended crossing the United States' southern border are caught in the Rio Grande Valley, which includes more than 300 miles (480 kilometers) of the Rio Grande, the river separating the United States and Mexico.
Border apprehensions have risen each month since falling in April to a 17-year low.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man with a hammer who hit their helpless victim 10 times in 10 seconds before walking away laughing, has been jailed for nine years.
Kwakou Bekoe struck a 26-year-old man during the horrific unprovoked attack at a market in north London, captured on CCTV.
Police officers had made a 'dangerousness application' to the court which added a further two years to the original sentence of seven years.
A witness told police Bekoe, 32, laughed as they calmly walked away from the scene of the attack, which left the unnamed victim needing stitches to their head.
It happened on June 28, 2017 at about 4pm at Seven Sisters Indoor Market in north London.
The victim was stood at the rear entrance to the market with a group of associates when Bekoe entered with a separate group of people.
(Image: Met Police)
(Image: Met Police)
An argument broke out and one of Bekoe's associates went to the victim's parked moped and picked up a pole, which the victim used in their work as a window cleaner.
As the victim attempted to stop him, Bekoe approached from behind, took out a hammer from their waistband, which had a plastic covering over the head, and began to strike the victim on the back of the leg.
Bekoe continued the attack, hitting them on the body and the back of their head.
The victim fell to the floor but even then Bekoe continued their assault, striking them with full force, ten times in ten seconds, before calmly walking away from the scene with the group they had arrived with.
Police believe the plastic wrapping on the hammer was a ploy to hamper forensic evidence.
At about 9.30 the same evening, an officer guarding the crime scene was approached by a man who said one of the suspects was inside a nearby takeaway.
Officers went to the shop, where Bekoe was arrested.
During their interview Bekoe answered 'no comment' to all questions.
(Image: Met Police)
(Image: Met Police)
Detective Constable Rob Buckley, the investigating officer from Haringey CID, said: "This assault was as unnecessary as it was shocking.
"Bekoe attacked their victim, who was not even involved in the petty argument between the groups, and delivered an assault so ferocious it could just as easily have been fatal.
"His imprisonment will hopefully give them plenty of time to reflect on the needlessness of their actions, and also allow the victim some small comfort as they move on with their life."
Bekoe was charged on June 29, 2017 with possession of an offensive weapon and grievous bodily harm and they were remanded in custody.
They admitted both charges and was jailed on Monday, January 29 on Wood Green Crown Court.
A study by the Hunter Medical Research Institute, spanning almost 2 decades, has found women who have experienced domestic violence are at a higher risk of suffering from long term health problems.
The study of 17,000 women from three different age groups found women who had ever lived with a violent partner had consistently worse health than women who hadn't.
Its the first study worldwide of its kind.
If you are experiencing violence at the hands of a partner, you can find help by calling the domestic violence hotline on 1800 RESPECT.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The world is waiting to find out the name of Britain's newborn prince.
They arrived on St George's Day weighing 8lbs, 7oz.
Mum Kate Middleton, 36, birthed the bouncing baby boy after a five-hour labour at the exclusive Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, in Paddington.
They emerged glowing just seven hours later, along with Prince William, 35, proudly showing off their third child.
The baby is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild and fifth in line to the throne.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
But there is one question we ALL want the answer to, and stat: What is their name?
Traditionally the royals like to keep us guessing, and it would seem with 'Prince X' there is no exception.
Following the birth of Princess Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, Kate and Will waited a spectacular 54 hours and 29 minutes to share their name with the world.
The little princess was born at 8.34am on Saturday May 2 2015, weighing 8lbs, 3oz.
But it wasn't until Monday May 4 at 3.03pm that their full name was finally revealed by Kensington Palace.
(Image: Philip Coburn/Daily Mirror)
A short statement read: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their daughter Charlotte Elizabeth Diana.
"The baby will be known as Them Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge."
The bookies had correctly guessed the name Charlotte, but also had Alice as a favourite - it was a close race between the two.
If they have guessed the new prince's name correctly with current favourite Arthur, it'll be a hat-trick, after George was also correctly tipped for the couple's first child.
(Image: Leah McQueen/PHOTOBOX)
Full name George Alexander Louis, Their Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge was born on July 22 2013 at 4.24pm after a 10 and-a-half hour labour.
Their name was also revealed two days after their birth.
Though it may seem two days is a long wait, Will and Kate broke royal tradition by a fair margin when announcing their children's names.
Princes William's name wasn't announced for a week and Prince Charles' for a whole month.
When will the name be revealed?
If our calculations/guess-timations are correct, the newborn prince's name could be revealed at around 4pm-5pm tomorrow.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
(Image: REUTERS)
Well-wishers and the world's media asked the couple the name when they emerged and Prince William quipped back: "You'll find out soon enough."
They also joked they now have "thrice the trouble" as the couple became parents for the third time.
George and Charlotte appeared excited to meet their newborn brother as they made their way into the exclusive Lindo wing yesterday.
The cheeky princess in particular stole the limelight as they waved for the cameras, event turning while they walked up the stairs to do so.
George - who had been at school all day and was wearing their uniform - seemed more shy.
As the doors closed on the hospital, the children shared an affectionate moment as Prince George seemed to put their arm round their sister.
It looked as though they were mimicking their dad's behaviour, guiding them by gently cupping the back of their heads.
The family returned to Kensington Palace yesterday afternoon, along with the newborn baby.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Auntie, Pippa Middleton , has been seen leaving the palace after a two-hour visit this afternoon.
They announced just this weekend that they are expecting their first child with husband James - the couple are said to be "thrilled".
Hear The Mountain Goats' Surprise EP About Ozzy Osbourne
Enlarge this image toggle caption DL Anderson/Courtesy of the artist DL Anderson/Courtesy of the artist
It's not like John Darnielle isn't busy enough this year (or ever): They released the The Mountain Goats' keys-only Goths, published the novel Universal Harvester and has a new podcast with Welcome To Night Vale creator Joseph Fink that will dissect each and every song from The Mountain Goats' All Hail West Texas.
Stream The EP Marsh Witch Visions by The Mountain Goats
But Darnielle is a maniac, and must howl at the moon less their powers be lessened. Thus, the surprise Marsh Witch Visions EP, which features a "Rain In Soho" demo, but notably it's a throwback to the old-school Mountain Goats style with four acoustic songs about Ozzy Osbourne, complete with a cheeky nod to the Prince of Darkness' blown-out hair days ("Three cans of Aquanet in my graying hair").
Ozzy is a constant in Darnielle's life, as they should be for everyone. "Dedicated to Mike K back in Claremont at whose house I first heard Master Of Reality when I was 16, desperate & high," Darnielle writes on the Bandcamp description. Since then, Darnielle wrote a heartbreaking and triumphant novella inspired by Black Sabbath's Master of Reality, covered "Shot In The Dark" on piano, and shared their passion with a certain broken-up band on Twitter (we still want that collaboration).
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — July 3, 2018 — Kraig Biocraft Laboratories Inc., a developer of spider silk-based fibers, announced today that Jon Rice, the company's COO, is in Vietnam this week reviewing the new facility, interviewing potential hires, and meeting with local officials, as the next phase in launching operations at its newly formed production subsidiary, Prodigy Textiles Co. Ltd.
This trip marks the first time that company management will be on the ground in Vietnam, since receiving its investment and enterprise registration certificates, the essential business licenses the company had worked diligently to secure. Rice will remain in Vietnam through the end of the week, ensuring that the factory is on track to receive its first delivery of its proprietary hybrid silkworms.
“I am excited to see the new facility first hand and to review the progress getting the building ready to receive our hybrid silkworms,” said Rice. “Our consultants on the ground have been doing an excellent job of keeping this project moving forward. This will be a busy week of meetings, as we coordinate with contractors, officials, and potential new employees, as we work to get Prodigy Textiles up and running.”
The company's research team continues to prepare silkworm's eggs for shipment, from its Michigan based R&D headquarters, and remains on track to ship materials, as soon as the new facility in Vietnam is ready.
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: Kraig Biocraft Laboratories
Prediction Our panelists predict what will be the big surprise out of this year's Super Bowl half-time show.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Make or Break is the latest reality show to tackle romance - and bar manager Sophii and boyfriend Richard were determined to use the show to test their relationship.
Blonde Sophii has been with boyfriend Richard for 3 years. They met in 2014 whilst working at a Cardiff nightclub. Jealous Sophii admits to reacting badly to girls who stare at their boyfriend - can they cast their problems aside and make it through?
As one of eight couples who have headed off to a Mexican tropical paradise to see if their relationship is worth fighting for the pair prepared to push their love to the brink.
Here's what they had to say ahead of Make or Break:
SOPHII, 26, CARDIFF
Bar Manager
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
How did you meet?
I was their boss and they walked across the room and ignored me. Then they stood out the front and went, ‘Do you do promo?' I went, ‘No, I'm your boss'. ‘Oh'. I was like, ‘Yeah'. Then they fell in love with me straight away I think.
Who said I love you first?
Me I think! I wear my heart on my sleeve. I am an old soul.
What issues did you want to iron out in your relationship?
I had a habit of reacting before I'd think about things. So if I was in the gym and a girl was looking at Richard I would kick off instead of thinking about it first. But now I count to ten. I look a bit psycho. If you see someone in the street going, ‘One, two...' on their own, you're like, ‘What are they doing?' That was the only problem, me having a little psycho streak.
What did you think when you saw where you'd be staying?
It looked amazing. I was so happy, it was such a beautiful resort. But as soon as that person handed us those blue things we had to put on I was like, ‘What is this? Have I just got to wear this for an hour?' I had to wear it for the whole time I was there! I was trying to put pins in and tie it up. The shorts came down to my knees, I was rolling them up.
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening?
I thought it was a load of rubbish, I stormed off! I felt suffocated. I was like, ‘Oh my God, they're taking my prince away from me, do you know what I mean?'
How did you get on with the other people?
I made David cry so I said, ‘Well, I've got to pick them haven't I?' Worst thing I have ever done because they chewed my ear off the whole time. I didn't get any sleep, couldn't wait to get rid of them to be fair. It gets easier as you go along though because you're getting more comfortable being around other people and not being joined at the hip with your partner. And it's exciting because you get to win them back and it forced you to do stuff more.
What did you think of the tasks?
(Image: Publicity Picture)
I loved the tasks. I am so competitive. Even if I know I am going to lose I will make sure I win. There was one task where Abbi got in front of me and I just pushed them in the bush and I won. I was so happy!
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
I liked Louise! At first when they came over I was like, ‘Who is this?' I enjoyed our session with her, I wasn't taking it too seriously. There were people coming out crying, I was like, ‘What is going on in that room?' I came out and I was loving life, I thought it was so funny!
Were you worried about what your friends and family might think?
My dad is going to go mad because I kept swearing! They grounded me a month for saying fart. I am 26! I forgot the cameras were on, which is a good thing, but it's also a bad thing. Richard kept shouting at me for swearing. I'd go on again and I would try not to swear so much!
RICHARD, 24, CARDIFF
(Image: Ray Burmiston/Channel 5)
Personal Trainer and former Dreamboy
Describe your partner in three words…
Bubbly, kind, I've got to watch my third because I was going to say psychopath. I'll say psychopath, yeah.
How did you meet?
I was working for the Dream Boys before my shift as a doorman where Sophii was my boss.
What are Sophii's best points?
 They are one of the most caring girls I have ever met. That is their best trait. I like to follow a certain regime, I eat five meals a day, I go to the gym at a certain time, I like to wear different clothes for the gym and they are always going to make sure that everything is perfect for me. I have never met somebody to put up with that type of rubbish before! They look after me well.
What are Sophii's bad points?
They do get awfully wound up in different situations. Somebody could be looking at them and they will take that the wrong way. They could be looking at them thinking they look nice, but they might think they're looking in a bad way, then it all goes from there really.
What did you think when you saw where you'd be staying?
I thought it was incredible. It is a crazy opportunity, but what are you letting yourself in for? You've got so many strong characters and people with weak relationships who might mess with you. So you're a little anxious as well. You don't know what is going to happen.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening?
I was so shocked by that, it was different level. Since me and Sophii met we've never spent a night apart from each other so to be told you're going to be spending the night away from them and they are going to be with somebody else's boyfriend, that is just another level of head messing.
How did you get on with the other people?
Initially, you are taken aback by it because you're going to be spending however long with somebody else's partner, but I think all the people there were pretty sound. It was all too much at first but you get settled into it pretty quickly.
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
Off their head! They were a good laugh, it was crazy. Who even thinks you're going to be having sex therapy when you're 25? It all just blew my mind in a way like.
Were you worried by what your friends and family might think?
No, my mother is hooked on reality TV. You should see her, she's this little Welsh housewife who you could never imagine being into reality TV but they know more than I do about what is going on in the reality TV world! So I don't need to worry about anything I say or do because I know they are going to be watching it anyway and loving it!
Jill Johnson of Seward High School has been recognized by the Nebraska State Association of Secondary School Principals as the 2018 Assistant Principal of the Year. Jill received their Bachelor of Arts Degree in Language Arts Education from the University of Nebraska at Kearney in 1991. They received a Master's Degree in Instructional Technology from Peru State College in 2000 and a Master's Degree in Educational Administration from Concordia University in Seward in 2017. Mrs. Johnson has been involved in education since 1991 and for the past two years has served as the Assistant Principal at Seward High School. Prior to that they were the Professional Development Consultant for ESU 6 in Milford as well as an Adjunct Professor for Doane College and Southeast Community College.
Mrs. Johnson is a current member of the National Association of Secondary School Principals, the Nebraska State Association of Secondary School Principals, and the Nebraska Council of School Administrators.  They are also a member of Nebraska Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development, ASCD, Nebraska Association for Curriculum, Instruction and Assessment, Nebraska Educational Technology Association and the Nebraska Association of School Boards. In their community Mrs. Johnson serves on the Board of Regents for Concordia University.  They are also a Teammates Program Mentor and an active member of St. John Lutheran Church. Mrs. Johnson has been a presenter at numerous state and national conferences.
Mrs. Johnson shared, “I strive to bring energy and enthusiasm to everything I do in order to highlight the best in others and ensure all feel honored and important. Surrounded by an exceptional staff and outstanding students, I feel blessed to come to work every day.”
Scott Axt, Principal of Seward High School, states, “Mrs. Johnson is honest, trustworthy, loyal and unafraid to do what is best for students. Them work ethic, creativity, enthusiasm, attention to detail, and their passion for education are incredible and inspiring. Mrs. Johnson is an outstanding educator and a kind, compassionate, giving human being.  They are someone that epitomizes an award such as this.”
Melissa Pohl, Seward High School English Teacher noted, “Mrs. Johnson's most commendable attribute is their tireless commitment to students. They work quietly at this, never seeking praise or attention for their efforts. They learn the names of all our students, and in a school of roughly 550, that is no small feat. Furthermore, they strive to make personal contact with each student. Because they honor their experiences, Seward High School is able to maintain a positive atmosphere.”
Melissa Davis-Schmit, parent of two of Mrs. Johnson's students, commented, “When I heard the news that Jill had taken the role of Assistant Principal at Seward High School, I felt like our community won the lottery. I have watched her, in their very short time of being an Assistant Principal, do this incredible balancing act of approaching all things with a great integrity, remaining compassionate, and being fair.”
Amelia Hanson, a current 12th grade student, stated, “Mrs. Johnson is always motivating and pushing their students to accomplish achievements that they themselves may not have thought possible. Mrs. Johnson has been instrumental in creating the P.R.I.D.E. Program to help recognize students and staff who went above and beyond and showed immense pride in Seward High School. Without Mrs. Johnson's energy and enthusiasm to create and take on a daunting program, our school's pride would not have increased the way it has over the last two years.”
© Peter Morgan / Reuters / File
they were gonna win, nobody would have known any of this stuff,
Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom alleged Sunday that there was a conspiracy in Washington to protect Hillary Clinton from indictment. They added that ongoing chaos in Trump's cabinet may be a symptom of the plot."Do you think somebody was directing them or do you think they just came to the conclusion on their own, this leadership at the FBI and the Department of Justice, that they wanted to change the outcome of the election?" Fox News host Maria Bartiromo asked Kallstrom, as cited by The Washington Examiner."I think we have ample facts revealed to us during this last year-and-a-half that high-ranking people throughout government - not just the FBI - high-ranking people had a plot to not have Hillary Clinton, you know, indicted," Kallstrom, a 27-year veteran of the agency, replied.Among others, Kallstrom pointed the finger at Obama's CIA director,an extremely vocal critic of the Trump administration."My sources tell me that they were leaking almost weekly and daily. They were taking that bunch of phony crap supposedly from Russia, and peddling that through the Congress, all their buddies in the media, they were one of the active people. I've known them a long time."Brennan vehemently condemned Trump's firing of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe."When the full extent of your venality, moral turpitude, and political corruption becomes known, you will take your rightful place as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history. You may scapegoat Andy McCabe, but you will not destroy America...America will triumph over you," Brennan tweeted.Trump was vocal in their mistrust of McCabe and even openly criticized them for taking money from Clinton associates.Kallstrom alleges that the repeated reshuffling in Trump's cabinet is the result of a high-level conspiracy to help former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton win the 2016 presidential election.Kallstrom said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Women are walking publicly in Iran without a veil in a show of support after one woman was manhandled by the country's so-called 'morality police' for apparently wearing theirs too loosely.
Videos shared on Twitter show female campaigners taking to streets in cities without headscarves in defiance of a strict Islamic dress code, which orders women to cover their hair.
It comes days after a member of Iran's so-called 'morality police' was filmed ordering a woman to "sit you animal" - because they apparently wore their veil too loosely.
The "walking unveiled" campaign has reportedly been launched in Iranian capital Tehran and Shiraz with dozens of women taking part.
In one video, shared on Twitter by Iranian activist Masih Alineiad, under the hashtag #mycameraismyweapon, two women without headscarves are strolling in Shiraz where bystanders supposedly gave them "very bad looks".
In the footage, one woman says: "Hi Masih jan. We are in Shiraz and it is very busy.
"My friend and I have joined the walking unveiled campaign.
"People were giving us very bad looks and we just had an argument with a man, and a full woman in hijab defended us by saying we should be allowed to dress as we like.
"We walked the entire journey unveiled."
Masih has previously claimed men have threatened to "butcher" and kidnap them over their refusal to wear a hijab.
Activists have sprung into action after disturbing footage emerged of a woman being branded an "animal" as they were reportedly confronted over their veil.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Iran's vice president for women's affairs has condemned the incident involving a member of the country's so-called 'morality police', who often patrol areas tasked with enforcing strict rules on dress.
The confrontation was captured on a mobile phone camera and has now been widely circulated online.
After an exchange of words - during which the woman is told "sit, you animal!" - a female religious police officer appears to push and shove them
The encounter then grows more violent, as the woman cries for help.
 They are slapped in the face and wrestled to the floor. The young woman can be heard screaming repeatedly: “Let me go, let me go.”
The footage was spread on social media by activists campaigning against the compulsory wearing of the hijab in Iran.
Iran's vice president for women's affairs Masoumeh Ebtekar condemned the confrontation.
"What justifies this behavior?" they tweeted. "Where is the limit of an officer's action, even if they were insulted?
"I strongly condemn this treatment. No human deserves this kind of harsh anti-religion behavior."
Ebtekar later tweeted that Iran's Interior Minister Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli had ordered a "comprehensive review" and a report on the findings by Saturday.
"People are angry because such mistreatments are happening over and over again.
"People have lost their hope because the morality police acts with impunity in the name of law," Alinejad told the Guardian .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A team of researchers in the United States say they have cracked a contraceptive pill for males that has no known side effects.
The new drug has been tested on rhesus macaque monkeys at the Oregon National Primate Research Centre in the US and the results have been published in the science journal PLOS ONE .
Called EP055, the drug stops the sperm's ability to move by attaching itself to a specific protein that halts the fertilisation process.
The scientists found that the dosage worked for up to around 30 hours without any physical side effects to the monkeys at all. Eighteen days later, every monkey had made a complete recovery.
(Image: Getty)
The breakthrough suggests this could be used as a reversible form of birth control for men. After 78 hours, the research team found that the sperm was moving as normal again.
"EP055 has the potential to be a male contraceptive that would provide a reversible, short-lived pharmacological alternative," the team wrote.
However, it is some time before this will be able to be tested on humans. For the moment, fellas will have to rely on either condoms or a surgical vasectomy to stop swimmers in their tracks.
× Tourists Fall in Love with Everything Luzerne County has to Offer in Autumn
KINGSTON TOWNSHIP — Although the weather has been warmer all week, fall fun is already underway in places all over our viewing area. It's one of the most popular times to visit Luzerne County.
Some of the leaves at Frances Slocum State Park in Kingston Township have already started changing color.
Photographer Lois Christman wants to capture it all before it's too late.
“You can't miss the leaves, the water, the crisp air, the wildlife here. You can't beat it,” Christman said.
That's all music to the ears of Janet Hall, executive director of the Luzerne County Visitors Bureau. It has just released a brochure full of ideas for fall fun. The pamphlet directs tourists throughout the county and beyond.
“The Steamtown Railroad Museum there's some great fall train rides there. Jim Thorpe is another one where they can stay here and hub and spoke out to other areas,” Hall said.
October is one of the most popular months for tourists to stop by.
With scenic hikes and craft breweries like Susquehanna Brewing Company, tourism officials said more millennials are checking in.
“It all comes down to the local brew movement. People are more interested in where their food and products come from than they were 20, 10, 15 years ago,” co-founder of Susquehanna Brewing Company Fred Maier said.
Maier said young people are also drawn in because of craft brewing apps on their phones.
“People's phones just literally go off. They ‘bing' like they're so close to a brewery. We get a lot of transient customers. You can count the license plates on the weekend,” Maier said.
The brochure is packed with ideas for residents and visitors of all ages, encouraging them to experience historic sites and the great outdoors.
“It's just effervescent. Makes me full of energy,” Christman said.
If you're someone who prefers a hard copy of the brochure you can come on down to the visitor bureau's building on Public Square and grab one.
If it's easier for you to look at it online, click here.
A small concession stand serving hot dogs, picnic tables with umbrellas providing shade, and batting cages for young sluggers practicing their swing — there's nothing quite like spending time at a baseball field during the spring and summer months.
And with the weather turning warm and sunny this week, it's getting easier to envision Ridgefield's newest baseball field.
The Ridgefield Little League submitted plans for a new field on the vacant 2.52-acre lot at the intersection of Route 7 and Simpaug Turnpike — most of which is owned by the state — to the town's planning department last week.
According to the plans, the site would include everything a baseball park needs: a small grandstand, cages, picnic tables, indoor bathrooms and storage space, a snack shack, and LED stadium lights that would be turned off by 10 p.m.
Since the unused land doesn't have an official address, the field's location will be referred to as 2 Stanford Station Road.
The town has already agreed to sublease the space to the Little League.
“It's a $1-a-year lease from state to town and the town to Little League,” said First Selectman Rudy Marconi last May.
The Planning and Zoning Commission, as well as the Inland Wetlands Board, have shown a positive reaction to the plans.
“We've been in front of them twice,” said Steve Scalzo, Little League president.
“They weren't negative, I would say they were supportive. There are a number of members
that saw the value of what we're trying to provide.”
If the field is approved, Scalzo said, they hope to have it ready by next spring.
“The field will be ADA-compliant, which will support our efforts with disabled players in our Challenger Division,” they said.
“This field will be an asset to our town.”
The site plans will go to a public hearing — for residents to voice any concerns or thoughts about the proposal — Tuesday, May 16.
The land
Decades ago, the site used to be owned by Walpole Woodworkers, but was taken by the state through eminent domain.
Most of the 2.52 acres are owned by DEEP — the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection — which leases it to the town for $1 a year.
Assistant Planner Adam Schnell said that a small fraction of the proposed acreage for the baseball field does belong to Ridgefield.
Part of the proposal includes uniting the two properties with a single address — 2 Stanford Station Road.
The town has approved the leasing, but the Planning and Zoning Commission and Inland Wetlands Board still have to determine if the field's construction will adhere to all its guidelines.
Schnell said the vacant lot has never been developed.
“It's virgin land,” they said, “It's unimproved, unencumbered.”
Lights
Little League officials struggled during the early months of the application process because the original lease with the state did not allow for lighting.
But thanks to help from state Rep. John Frey, the state ended up allowing them, Marconi said.
The Little League is investing in specialized lighting equipment to minimize any impact on nearby neighbors.
The submitted plans state that “the use of expensive LED fixtures will ensure lighting levels are reasonable and not offensive.”
Scalzo said the lights will allow Little League to extend its season in the fall.
“A lighted field continues to enhance our offering by expanding the hours in which we can play and practice,” they said.
“This provides tremendous scheduling flexibility, particularly in the spring. Our District All Star teams, which compete in the Williamsport tournaments, as well as summer travel teams, will see more home games. It also supports many of our coaches who commute longer distances to their place of employment.”
Impact
Zoning Enforcement Officer Richard Baldelli said environmental impact control is well planned.
“My review of the attendant erosion and sediment control plans reveals that the applicant has submitted a thorough and well-thought-out erosion and sediment control plan,” they said.
Schnell agreed.
“The project will create higher functioning wetlands,” they said.
“Some of it is being filled in, but they're mediating the property to increase the overall amount of wetlands.”
The Little League would be solely responsible for all site maintenance, the assistant planner added.
Also, to offer players and visitors drinking water, the Little League plans on drilling a well, since the town's potable water source doesn't reach the site.
Neighbors and traffic
The site is not directly visible from any nearby properties, and according to the application, neighbors shouldn't expect any significant noise disruption.
The applicant also doesn't expect any major traffic changes at the Route 7 and Simpaug intersection.
With an expectation of 38 car trips on weekdays and 52 on Saturdays, the submitted traffic study states that baseball field activity wouldn't have an impact on the usual traffic in the area.
The field would have a parking area with 59 spots, including two spaces for the handicapped, according to the site plans.
A female Lyft driver was violently attacked over a parking spot in Santa Ana, Calif. and the onslaught was captured on camera.The confrontation happened at the Arco gas station near the intersection of Main Street and MacArthur Boulevard at about 11 a.m. on Friday.Santa Ana police said the incident started over an argument about a parking space.According to the victim, identified by ABC Los Angeles as Terri, they were confronted by a man who complained about how they parked at the gas station."I accidentally parked a little crooked and I didn't realize it at the time that I was parked so crooked and this man came up to the front of my car, to the front hood and started yelling," Terri recalled.Terri, who was driving for Lyft at the time and had a passenger with her, said they apologized and moved their car. But they said the man continued to yelling and their passenger went into the gas station to get help.That's when Terri said they started recording video on them cellphone.In the video, the suspect was seen reversing a red two-door Honda into the parking space next to the woman."This guy is really starting problems," Terri could be heard saying in the recording."You want to tape me," the suspect is heard stating as they aggressively walked toward Terri. "Are you videoing me?"In the video, the man can be seen punching Terri and throwing them to the ground as they plead for the suspect to stop.Terri said they were punched several times and that the suspect even knocked out one of their teeth.She said they had no idea why the man became so violent and attacked her."I've never even seen this guy before," Terri said. "It was really scary."Detectives stated they were investigating the attack and were looking into surveillance video from the gas station.
Most VPN providers make big claims about their ‘no logging' policy, and how they don't maintain the slightest trace of anything you do online.
What these companies don't always explain is that VPNs (including free VPNs) can keep detailed logs on your PC, often including account details, session connect and disconnect times, and the names of any servers you've accessed.
Often there's no automated way to remove this information. Even uninstalling the VPN will usually leave at least some traces behind, and there are plenty more clues to your activities in Windows' various network histories. Most could remain on your system for years.
Whether this is any kind of privacy risk depends on your situation. If others have access to your PC, or maybe you're running a VPN on a work computer, maybe; if it's your own system, probably not.
We've also debunked 6 common myths concerning VPNs
Whatever your circumstances, it's interesting to see what a PC might hold regarding your VPN history. Deleting ancient network remnants brings benefits of its own, too, freeing up resources, simplifying your network settings and maybe reducing the chance of problems occurring with other networking software.
Bear in mind that there are risks involved with this kind of low-level clean-up. Accidentally deleting something important could cripple your PC. Be very careful, and don't wipe anything unless your system is fully backed up, and you've got the tools and experience to recover the computer if anything goes wrong.
So, let's look in detail at how to go about uninstalling your VPN software and subsequently cleaning up after that process. Note that you don't have to follow all these steps, at least beyond the first and primary uninstallation process. You can be as thorough – or not – as you like.
And if you're not confident with some of the more involved elements – like editing the Registry – then it's probably best to skip these steps. Furthermore, some of the latter steps will only really apply to those who are extremely privacy-conscious, as you'll see when you read through.
Uninstall VPN clients
The first step in removing a VPN is to clear away its client.
Start by finding where the program files are stored on your hard drive. Open a client window, press Ctrl+Shift+Esc to launch Task Manager, right-click the app name and select Open File Location. Make a note of the folder name – you'll need it later.
Close the client completely (don't just minimize it), then try to uninstall it from the regular Control Panel applet (Control Panel > Programs and Features > Uninstall a Program).
The installed programs list might also include a TAP driver (a virtual network adapter) for your VPN provider. If the list is sorted alphabetically, scroll to the T's and look for items beginning 'TAP-' (our test system included TAP-NordVPN and TAP-ProtonVPN). Remove these by right-clicking and selecting Uninstall.
If you don't find anything, search your system for the VPN name and look for an Uninstallation shortcut.
Once you've run the regular uninstaller and removed any associated TAP files, reboot your PC to make sure Windows is able to delete locked program files.
Remove local logs
Uninstalling a VPN won't necessarily remove all of its files. There are often plenty of leftovers, ranging from stray DLLs to detailed logs of all your recent VPN connections.
Open the client folder you noted in the previous step, if it still exists, and search your system for folders with similar names. Investigate these to see what's left, and whether the folders can safely be deleted.
You could also manually browse for files in the most likely locations: \Program Files, \Program Files (x86), \ProgramData, \Users\\AppData\Local, \Users\\AppData\Roaming.
If you don't see the ProgramData or AppData folders, launch Control Panel, go to File Explorer Options and make sure 'Show hidden files, folders and drives' is selected.
Depending on your setup, you might have a separate installation of OpenVPN, the open source client used by many pieces of VPN software to manage their connections. Look for a \Users\[Username]\OpenVPN\Log folder and delete any log files you don't need. Which can be all of them, if you like – the files are just for troubleshooting, and it's safe to remove them.
Registry references
Windows VPN clients often store at least some of their settings in the Windows Registry. At least some of these may survive the uninstaller, and they can sometimes give away details of your account or connection history.
Another quick warning here: always be very careful when editing the Registry.
To begin, launch REGEDIT and browse to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE and HKEY_CURRENT_USER\SOFTWARE. Scroll through each set of keys, looking for anything relating to VPNs that you have uninstalled.
Typically you won't find very much. Our test system had leftover keys relating to ExpressVPN, IPVanish, IVPN, ProtonVPN, SecureVPN and VyprVPN (Golden Frog), but these were all either empty or contained nothing of interest.
Others may be more significant. NordVPN had some IP addresses, Windscribe left all our settings and the last external IP address, and FrootVPN and Anonine left data including our usernames and encrypted password.
Whatever you find, if you're sure it's no longer necessary then you can remove it by right-clicking the key in the left-hand pane and selecting Delete. As we already mentioned, when editing the Registry, be cautious – accidentally deleting the wrong item could cause all kinds of problems.
Network adapters
Windows VPN clients work by setting up virtual network adapters for your other applications to use. These are often left behind when you uninstall a VPN, unfortunately, cluttering your network settings and occasionally conflicting with other software.
Launch Device Manager (press Win+R, type devmgmt.msc and press Enter) and click the arrow to the left of 'Network adapters' to display everything installed on your system.
VPN-related adapters usually include TAP in the name (a virtual network adapter standard) and the service name, which makes them easy to spot. Our test system had 'ibVPN Tap Adapter', 'SwitchVPN Tap Adapter' and 'TAP-NordVPN Windows Adapter V9', for instance.
Our system also had the more vaguely named 'VPN Client Adapter - VPN'. If you're not sure where a network adapter has come from, double-click it, choose the Driver tab and look at the Driver Provider and Digital Signer items. These typically show the name of the service and the company behind it.
As a cross-check, select the Events tab and scroll to the bottom of the list. If the last event was a long time ago this might indicate that the adapter is no longer used, although this isn't guaranteed.
If you're confident an adapter is no longer necessary, and you're also happy you know how to fix the problem if you're wrong (reinstall it, use a system restore point, or something else), right-click it, select Uninstall Device and check the box to 'Delete the driver software for this device.'
As the cooler weather rolls in, many people start jogging and running regularly, prompting a need to pick the right footwear.
As the cooler weather rolls in, many people start jogging and running regularly. Though you can't do that in just any shoe, you have a variety of options to choose from. Depending on whether you like a sock-like design or a more conventional look. We pick the best new shoes you can splurge on, across a variety of price points, depending on your preference for aspects like cushioning and feedback from the running surface.
Loaded with tech
Adidas Ultraboost All Terrain
Rs21,999
The Ultraboost All Terrain's smart features are unique. The Primeknit upper adapts to the foot's contours and allows a good amount of ventilation. It also has a coating designed to let water flow off it instantly. The high-collar design of the shoe provides additional support around the Achilles area, though it takes some getting used to.
We would recommend wearing socks initially to avoid skin irritation. Slip your foot in, and you will feel an additional layer of padding around the lower sidewalls—this helps maintain foot temperature when the weather gets colder. The outsole rubber is made by well-known vehicle tyre manufacturer Continental, and the tread pattern is designed for better grip. The Ultraboost All Terrain has a 10mm heel-to-toe drop.
Surprise package
Fila Patregia
Rs4,499
The Fila Patregia has a conventional design that will appeal to many. Its mesh upper offers good ventilation. Unfortunately, however, the design isn't the cleanest, with a mishmash of patterns, inserts, lacing eyelets, and sewing lines.There is generous cushioning underfoot while the midsole has memory foam, retaining its shape according to the contours of your feet. The outsole has differing tread patterns, and the thicker rubber capsules at the front compress and expand for running assistance.
Red hot
Nike Zoom Fly
Rs14,495
The Zoom Fly is designed for maximum cushioning. The classy-looking upper has a smooth texture, and Flywire cables are integrated with the lacing mechanism to provide a stable fit. The midsole cushioning does well to absorb feedback from uneven surfaces, but, critically, doesn't completely muffle the sensation of knowing how your foot is landing and gripping. A carbon-infused nylon plate embedded inside the midsole runs from the forefoot to the back, generating a springboard effect which should provide extra fillip for runners during the heel-to-toe transition movement. The Nike Zoom Fly has a 10mm heel-to-toe drop. And it has a 33mm stack under the heel to reduce strain in the Achilles area when running on hard surfaces.
The x-factor
Power Kinetic Voltage
Rs2,499
Ask your friends to guess the price of Power Athletics' new Kinetic Voltage shoes, and they are bound to quote something significantly higher than the actual price. The eye-catching colours are just the beginning (eight colour combinations are available). The materials feel at par with running shoes that cost three times as much. The fabric upper has a mesh around it (like the Puma Ignite Netfit). The lacing is “full-width”, and can be adjusted to ensure as snug a fit as you want. Slip the foot in, and the more profound contours of the midsole are apparent—these are designed to provide support for the underfoot arch. Anyone with flat feet, however, will find these uncomfortable. The outsole is flexible (you can twist this shoe into some extremely contoured shapes), and there are additional inserts under the heel and toe areas.
Out of the box
Reebok Floatride Run
Rs17,999
The Reebok Floatride Run doesn't conform to the standard design rule book, and that is why it will polarize opinion. The Ultraknit upper construction is what most high-end running shoes offer. However, Reebok has taken a risk with a 3D design heel cradle and a plastic cage which extends up to the midfoot. The lacing mechanism runs through it. While this makes the shoe more robust, it does take away from the sort of flexibility you may otherwise be used to. However, the Ultraknit upper does not merge seamlessly with the plastic cage, and you will feel it on the foot, as if you are wearing a sock pulled halfway up. Under your foot is a mix of the Floatride foam and EVA foam, which provides good cushioning. There is an 8mm heel-to-toe drop.
Ultimate ruggedness
Wildcraft Trail Run 001
Rs2,295
The Trail Run 001 is no ordinary running shoe—it's designed for terrain more unpredictable than your neighbourhood jogging track, such as slippery trails. The crisscross tread pattern on the outsole, including 3mm inserts, is designed for grip on slippery surfaces.
Expectedly, these are slightly heavier (they tip the scales at 575g, while similarly priced running shoes weigh around 300g). The upper has a poly synthetic (also known as PU) layer, and there is no chance of dust settling into any groove. The foot sits comfortably, though there is no way of altering the fit.
Best of both worlds
Skechers GoRun 5
Rs6,999
Skechers has managed to blend a very agreeable design with soft yet robust materials that don't muffle the feedback from the running surface. The GoRun 5 uses what is known as the 5GEN cushioning under the foot, which flexes slightly and provides a little forward push while running. This may not, perhaps, be as apparent as it is in some adidas shoes, but you will notice the difference compared to other running shoes. The upper fabric mesh, called the GOknit, offers a good amount of ventilation too. This is a seamless design, though the colour combinations don't immediately let you realize this. It has a 4mm heel-to-toe offset.
× Expand A scene from the first Artsies Awards at the Firehouse Theatre (Photo courtesy David Timberline)
The Richmond Theater Critics Circle Awards, which recognizes achievement in stage craft during the past year, celebrates its 10th annual awards at 7 p.m. on Monday, Oct. 9, at Virginia Rep's November Theatre. Tickets, $20, are still available — the general theater-going public is invited —and can be purchased though the VirginiaRep box office or by phone at 804-282-2620.
It's not all daring dresses and imaginative restyles of tuxedoes and tearful acceptances, because each year, proceeds go toward the Richmond Theatre Artists Fund, administrated by The Community Foundation, for the assistance of theater people who may have come into a time of need.
And you can count on fun and the unexpected. Don't take my word for it; just look at this recap from 2016 provided by TVJerry/SiFTER.
In 2013, the balcony from “To Kill a Mockingbird” became the set for an actor's rendition of "Don't Cry for Me, Argentina.” The singer began back to the audience, and when turning, revealed themselves as Michael Hawk in drag — to the loud approval of the audience. The 2015 host, Georgia Rogers Farmer, began the evening with a full drum line, brought two dancing Artsie awards onstage after intermission and ended the proceedings from the balcony, from which they gifted the gathered with prepackaged bacon. That was a pretty wild show.
Presenters have included, in 2010, the ladies of the Mother State Roller Derby, Sen. Tim Kaine and Anne Holton in 2011, and Nutzy the Flying Squirrel — mascot of the city's baseball team — in 2012. One presenting pair consisted of singer-songwriter Susan Greenbaum (4'10") and University of Richmond basketball coach Chris Mooney (approx. 6'8"). During the 2012 show, Jason Roop, formerly of Style Weekly, and radio host Jack Lauterback did their presenter bit in bondage gear.
Serious moments arise, too. An “In Memoriam” segment featuring images of those theater people who exited this stage to enter the next. In 2016, Marie Goodman Hunter, an African-American actor, received the Liz Marks Award for Ongoing Contribution to Richmond Theater. They broke the color barrier in 1962 as a teacher at Fox Elementary. They described their storied career as "an actor who just happened to be black" to the delight of the audience, which gave a standing ovation.
Before any of this, a generation of theater people's efforts came into the province of The Phoebes. These awards, bestowed by longtime theater critic Roy Proctor, were rolled out on the front page of the fat Richmond Times-Dispatch Sunday Arts & Leisure section and by turns anticipated, dreaded and ridiculed. Those who received favorable ink, though, didn't mind so much.
Proctor, who joined the Richmond News Leader in 1974, became, as explained by the Times-Dispatch ombudsman upon Proctor's 2004 retirement, “the afternoon newspaper's arts editor, reviewing movies, theater and visual arts and writing a weekly Critic at Large column. In that column in 1976, they announced the recipients of their first Phoebe awards. The awards were bestowed on members of the Richmond theater community for best production, the best actor, the best actor, etc. Awards must have a name — the Oscars, Tonys, Emmys — and Proctor called their award Phoebe, after the family's poodle, already playing in the Happy Hunting Ground.” Honorees received certificates until the 1992 merger of the News Leader with the Times-Dispatch.
The mid-1990s formation of the Richmond Alliance of Professional Theaters (RAPT), which began out of a working committee of the old Firehouse Theatre Project (full disclosure: a company whose founding I was in on, and the committee I formed) caused theater representatives to consider a way to award theatrical excellence that would also promote theater-going.
While interest existed, the mechanism didn't, nor the energy to take on yet another project by small and often understaffed nonprofit companies.
Theater participants Amy Berlin and Ann Bucci approached RAPT with a “people's choice” version, but, Berlin remembers, “RAPT didn't want performers competing against each other, so they said no. We were told ‘Art is not a competitive sport.' ” Berlin, an actor, director and writer, wryly adds, “Saved me a lot of work.”
Critic and general theater enthusiast David Timberline started writing for Style Weekly in 1999. Their experiences convinced them that somebody, somehow should take note of what was occurring on Richmond's stages. They recall, “Almost from the start, I thought it'd be cool to have some kind of collaborative awards; I had a conversation with [actor] Scott Wichmann about it soon after I first met them in 2000.”
As colleagues, Timberline met and became friends with most of the city's reviewers, and also with longtime theater observers John Porter and Jerry Williams. After Timberlake proposed the idea to Times-Dispatch critic Susan Haubenstock, and they liked the concept, the idea was easier for others to accept. What also gave such a gala occasion a reason to exist that transcended the giving of awards was establishing the Richmond Theatre Artist Fund.
“Law and order and investigation are the state subjects,” Arun Jaitley told an industry event without directly mentioning the name of the incident. File Photo: Mint
Mumbai: Union minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday came down heavily on the recent arrest of the entire top management of the state-run Bank of Maharashtra by the state police saying nobody should “overlook the federal structure of the nation.” The minister also called for amending the Prevention of Corruption Act, which they described as “anarchic as well as one of the most badly drafted pieces of legislations” that has been bringing governments to standstill.
In an unprecedented move, the Pune police had on 21 June arrested the entire brass of the state-run bank for a loan of Rs94.5 crore to the scam-tainted developer DSK Group allegedly in violation of the its lending rules. This action has shocked the banking fraternity, which called an emergency meeting and condemned the police action.
“In investigating a crime or what could possibly be an unfair decision, we cannot overlook the federal structure of the nation. Our federalism has jurisdiction vested in the Central government. It has jurisdiction vested in the state governments. Law and order and investigation are the state subjects,” Jaitley told an industry event without directly mentioning the name of the incident.
“I have found a new tendency that an agency or institution or banks under the Central government, is being investigated by a state police,” they said, adding if Central agencies have to investigate a state official, they need the consent of the state. Even the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) cannot investigate a crime in a state without consent of the state.
“To maintain the federal balance, you require an element of statesmanship which can keep that federal balance in view. Therefore, there can be situations including the one that I am obliquely indicating at where the threat to federalism comes from a state, not from the Centre,” said Jaitley, who is recuperating after a kidney transplant, through a video link.
In this scenario, what is needed is a certain level of statesmanship by all governments and investigative agencies, Jaitley said. “I think that the immediate need for us is to put this entire relationship between investigation, who to investigate, when to investigate, what constitutes a crime, really to be put in its place if we want an effective decision making and economic decision process not to be delayed,” they said.
Calling for amending the Prevention of Corruption Act, they said this law is “one of the most badly drafted pieces of legislations as it a charter for bringing governments to standstill.” “Therefore, for all political parties for the days, years and generations to come, it is extremely important that we amend that law, with the suggested amendments of the standing committee, and bring that anarchic and obsolete piece of legislation in tune with the modern times of decision-making process.”
On the headwinds from rising oil prices and impacts of the trade wars between the three largest economies, Jaitley said these are two important external challenges that we are facing today but need not react in panic. “The artificial scarcity of oil supply is affecting us as we are net buyers of oil. But we have very little domestic control on this external factor. The second challenge is the consequential impact of the trade war on us. It is a trade war which is being thrust on us,” they said, adding these two challenges can be resolved globally.
“Therefore, no panic reaction has to come from us as a response to this. We have to concentrate further on making our domestic fundamentals stronger,” Jaitley said.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 New York 13 13 .500 9 4-6 W-1 12-5 1-8 7-9 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 4-6 L-4 7-6 6-7 6-6 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 20 .231 8 3-7 L-1 3-9 3-11 4-15 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ 5-5 W-1 7-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ 4-6 L-3 5-10 2-10 5-13 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 16 11 .593 — 6-4 W-2 9-4 7-7 13-5 Denver 14 12 .538 1½ 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 2 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 3 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 3 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½ 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
New York 111, Atlanta 107
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Texas Governor Lays Out School Safety Plan In Wake Of Santa Fe Shooting
Citing a need to make "our schools and our state a safer place," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott unveiled a slate of policy and legislative changes on Wednesday that range from boosting security at schools to doing more to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
The proposals are part of the Governor's School and Firearm Safety Plan — a list of 40 recommendations for making communities safer. They detailed their new school-safety plan at the Dallas Independent School District's administration building.
Abbott spoke a day after visiting Santa Fe High School on its first day of classes since the May 18 shooting that left 10 people dead.
"We want action to prevent another shooting" like Santa Fe, Abbott said.
Abbott spoke about "school hardening strategies," such as reducing entries and exits at schools — and "active shooter alarm systems" that can be easily distinguished from a fire alarm. That approach, they said, would help students and staff respond appropriately — and avoid sending students into hallways where they might be targeted by an active shooter.
The governor also said state law should be changed to force courts to report a mental health adjudication that someone is "mentally unfit to have a gun" more quickly. The law should tighten that deadline to 48 hours rather than the current 30 days, Abbott said.
Abbott's plan calls for adding more school marshals — teachers who are licensed to carry firearms and go through training — as well as increasing the number of marshals per campus.
Noting that social media often contains clues of shooters' intentions before they act, Abbott said they want to expand a program that has been tested in West Texas, which "uses mental health screenings to identify students at risk of committing violence," Abbott said. Called the Telemedicine Wellness, Intervention, Triage, and Referral (or TWITR) Project, the approach has been led by Texas Tech University.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Anthony Smith/Getty Images Drew Anthony Smith/Getty Images
Another initiative increases the presence of local police on campus, something Abbott said could be accomplished by adding schools to their regular patrols, and "allowing officers to use campus facilities for routine breaks, or for them to have a room located at that school, where than can fill out their reports."
Abbott said they also want to change Texas law to promote responsible gun ownership and to give officials more authority to seize guns.
The governor said they will ask the state legislature to consider a law "that would allow law enforcement, a family member, a school employee or a district attorney to file a petition in court seeking the removal of firearms from a person proven to be dangerous to themselves or to others."
Another proposal calls for requiring gun owners to report when their weapons are lost or stolen.
When asked if any elements of their proposal would be mandatory, Abbott said "A lot of these are things the state will be doing," citing work on social media assessment programs. They added that "there is no resistance" from schools over adding safety measures.
As for paying for the changes, they said their plan includes more than $100 million in grants, matching funds and other money.
To improve the ability to alert schools and officials to potential risks, Abbott said the state will expand crime stopper programs and make it easier for students to report possible threats — something they said could be helped by a new app called iWatchTX, which the governor said will be activated next month.
Leading up to the announcement, Abbott hosted three days of roundtable talks in Austin, meeting with survivors, friends and loved ones from recent shootings. They said they had met with more than 100 victims and their relatives, and that they had been "proud and inspired" by the students at Santa Fe.
A key demand they heard at the meetings, Abbott said, was "for greater law enforcement presence at schools."
Since Abbott was sworn in as governor in 2015, Texas has suffered horrible shootings — this month at Santa Fe High and, last November, at the Sutherland Springs Baptist Church, where 26 people were killed in the small town east of San Antonio.
And in 2016, a gunman shot and killed five police officers during a protest against police shootings of black men.
When they visited Santa Fe High after the shooting, Abbott said,"It's impossible to describe the magnitude of the evil of someone who would attack innocent children in a school, a place of learning where parents should be able to send their children without fear for their child's safety."
As leaders often do after such an event, the governor asked for "prayers and support" for loved ones affected by the shooting. They also said, "We need to do more than just pray for the victims and their families. It's in Texas that we take action, to step up and make sure this tragedy is never repeated."
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They seemingly made moves to announce their whirlwind engagement and pregnancy within days of each other.
But on Monday morning Danniella Westbrook set the record straight about their tempestuous personal life, as they denied they were expecting their third child.
Sitting down on the Good Morning Britain sofa, the 44-year-old former EastEnders star poured scorn on reports they were pregnant, quipping they aren't with child "the last time I looked".
(Image: ITV)
Appearing on the breakfast TV show opposite Jeremy Kyle - who previously interviewed them about their drug addiction - the actor appeared in a fitted red dress, which showcased their svelte figure.
Asked almost instantly about their big news, Danniella point blank refused to confirm they were pregnant - instead offering what appeared to be a very public denial.
Asked by Jeremy what was going on with her, with the chat show host probing about whether they were pregnant or not, Danniella replied: "Not the last time I looked."
(Image: ITV)
Sitting on the sofa with a smile on their face, they also refused to talk about their fiance Alan Thomason.
Probed further on their personal life, Danniella appeared to concede that they were indeed happy after meeting their toy boy.
"I'm happier because I've met some good people," they conceded. And when probed further about their reported engagement to the man she's been seeing for just a few weeks, they refused to confirm or deny the news.
(Image: ITV)
Flashing a coquettish smile as they were asked whether it was true, they replied cheekily: "Are you asking me for a date Jeremy?"
During the interview Danniella also described how she'd been left in pain and misery thanks to a botched operation on their face.
Describing how she's been left suffering from osteoporosis in their cheekbones, the actor described how she'd been left in agony after an operation on their face had left them suffering from septicemia, leading to the agonising condition.
(Image: ITV)
Opening up about the measures she's had to undertake to rectify the painful issue, which they claims was caused by taking part in a TV show, Danniella said: "I had to go to Poland [to have it fixed] and basically have my face fixed. I woke up and I looked like an emoji, because of how tight my skin was."
Making sure to highlight their latest health problems had nothing to do with their history of drug abuse, they added: "The cocaine thing was years ago, this was septicaemia. Obviously I do look older because drugs and alcohol age you."
Get Money Deals updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fancy getting away from it all for a bit? We know we do so luckily for us we've found a way to save £15 off the cost of your next train journey from The Trainline.
Whether you fancy a trip to the Cornish coast, shopping in Birmingham's Bullring or even a weekend in the capital this month here's how you can save money on your journey thanks to cashback site Quidco, and The Trainline .
Now, just to choose where to go.
(Image: PA)
How to claim your free £15 Trainline journey
(Image: Getty)
Sign up to Quidco Then click Book with Trainline Purchase your tickets (min spend £10) We'll later add £15 to your new Quidco account
How do cashback sites work? Instead of shopping directly through a store online, you access the retailer through a cashback website who will then get paid (by the brand) for 'referring' you to them.
Your transaction will continue as normal and your item will still arrive directly from the retailer, but the cashback website will pay you a cut of this payment as a reward for using its services, and as an incentive to encourage you to return.
This amount can be anything from 1% to £100 of your total spend - and you can use voucher codes to boost your saving that little bit further.
Your cashback will be sent back to you through your cashback account around 7-10 working days later.
However, with more complex services like travel and financial products, this period can be extended to six months.
You'll need to spend over £10, and it's only available to new customers, but you'll need to do it before the 30 June. You can check all the Terms and Conditions here .
WATERTOWN, Conn. (WTNH) — Watertown police are asking the public for help in identifying a man they say shoplifted from the same store twice within days.
The shoplifting incidents took place at LaBonne's Market, located at 639 Straits Turnpike, on December 24th and December 27th. In the first shoplifting trip, the suspect stole two hams, a bag of shrimp, and a beef tenderloin. In the second trip, they stole three bags of shrimp, according to Watertown police.
The suspect is described as a white male, medium build, standing approximately six feet tall, with a thin goatee. On both occasions, the man was wearing a baseball cap and a gray hooded sweatshirt.
Watertown investigators have learned that the suspect may have the name, or be going by the nickname, “Ritchie Simpson”.
If you recognize this man, or have any information that could help Watertown police to track them down, you're asked to give them a call at 860-945-5216.
Chief executive Danie Meintjes said in a trading update at the end of February that the company was “taking many steps to build the foundations for a successful, sustainable, long-term business in the Middle East”.
The multinational private hospital group last week admitted that the operations had affected its bottom line with lower-than-expected patient volumes and operating performance.
Durban - Mediclinic International has said it was working on a strategy to shore up its Middle East operations to turn its profits around.
Mediclinic expects its operations in Switzerland, to improve revenue for the financial year to March by 3.5 percent.Photo: Thobile Mathonsi
Mediclinic expects its operations in Switzerland, to improve revenue for the financial year to March by 3.5 percent.Photo: Thobile Mathonsi
The Middle East operation saw the company share price falling nearly 51.72 percent in the last year after Mediclinic navigated through regulatory problems to clinch the transaction in Abu Dhabi.
The stock retreated steadily from the R195.80 recorded on April 13, 2016, to the current levels of around R129 a share.
But last week, Mediclinic clawed back some losses, trading more than 2 percent higher in early morning trade before closing 2.54 percent higher at R128.54. “Mediclinic's largest two platforms, Switzerland and southern Africa, in addition to our Dubai business, all performed in line with expectations during the 2017 financial year. However, as previously announced, the Abu Dhabi business underperformed having been impacted by a major regulatory change in addition to certain business and operational challenges.
“We have been focused on resolving these issues and stabilising performance in the Middle East.
"Our confidence in the long-term growth opportunities of the region remains strong and we currently expect performance in the Middle East to improve as we progress through the 2018 financial year.”
The company said its operations in Hirslanden, Switzerland, were expected to improve revenue for the financial year to end March by 3.5 percent to some CHF1.7 billion (R22.76 billion), up from CHF1.6bn reported in 2016 with patient bed days marginally lower at -0.7 percent and revenue per bed day increasing by 3 percent.
It said Hirslanden outpatient revenues, which represent less than 20 percent of the overall platform revenues, continued to grow during the year.
Positive outlook
The group said its southern African division was expected to increase revenue by 6.8 percent to some R14.4 billion, up from R13.5 billion reported a year ago with inpatient bed days and revenue per bed day increasing by around 0.9 percent and 5.8 percent respectively.
The group said these outlooks were delivered against a continued weak macroeconomic environment, stagnant medical scheme membership and increased competition in the private healthcare sector.
Read also: Abu Dhabi continues to weigh on Mediclinic
It said the troubled Middle East operation was expected to see a decline in revenue by 8 percent to some AED3.1 billion (R837 million), down from AED3.4 billion reported in 2016.
The group said as previously announced, while the Dubai business performed well in financial year 2017, the Abu Dhabi business experienced challenging trading conditions.
Mediclinic has a 29.9 percent stake in Spire Healthcare Group. Mediclinic expects the financial year 2017 equity accounted share of profit from Spire to be £12 million (R201 million), up from £6 million reported a year earlier.
BUSINESS REPORT
By Finian Cunningham
April 23, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – US President Donald Trump is talking about bringing troops home from Syria. But the plan is not about dialing down American military interests in the region. It's about subcontracting the dirty work of US imperialism.
Far from reducing American wars in the Middle East – the supposed withdrawal move spells more conflict, not less.
There seems to be a common misconception that Trump is somehow fulfilling their campaign pledge to close down overseas interventions and bring US troops home.
Ahead of their state visit Monday to the US, French President Emmanuel Macron told Fox News in an interview that they are urging Trump to maintain the American troop presence in Syria. Macron warned that any exit of US military forces would be taken advantage of by the Syrian and Iranian “regimes.” By implication, the French leader included Russia in their rogue's gallery.
“We will have to build a new Syria after the war. And that's why the US role is very important,” Macron said.
But Trump is not signaling the end of American involvement in Syria. What they are planning is a new division of labor and capital in the pursuit of strategic goals.
When the president fired up a rally of their supporters in Ohio at the end of March they said: “We'll be coming out of Syria, like, very soon. Let other people take care of it now.”
Then on April 13, when announcing the US-led air strikes on Syria over an alleged chemical-weapons attack, Trump again hinted at eventually taking American forces out. They said: “We have asked our partners to take greater responsibility for securing their home region, including contributing large amounts of money.”
That plays well for Trump from a political point of view. It looks as if they are delivering on their “America First” agenda to their voter base. It also gives the chance for the US to wash its hands of bloody conflict.The concern of some within the American political and military establishment, as well as foreign allies like France's Macron, is misplaced. Trump is not scaling back Washington's involvement.  They are instead seeking to outsource the military dirty work.
In reality, however, Washington is pursuing its same hegemonic and destabilizing ambitions in the oil-rich Middle East, such as regime change in Syria, confronting Iran, and containing Russia.
Last week, Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir confirmed their country was in talks with Trump administration officials about sending Saudi troops to Syria as part of “an international coalition” to replace the contingent of American troops present there. What the Saudi diplomat was referring to was Gulf Arab states and possibly Egypt forming an expeditionary force for Syria.
There were also reports of Erik Prince, founder of Blackwater USA, a private mercenary firm, being lobbied by Gulf Arab states to recruit a similar force for deployment to Syria. Prince, who is known to be on good terms with Trump, said they are waiting for the president's decision. They have also worked previously with the Saudis and Emiratis in supplying mercenary battalions to fight in Yemen against the Houthi rebels.
The idea of a Saudi-led Arab expeditionary force to Syria is not new. During the Obama administration, the Saudi rulers lobbied for such a deployment, to no avail. Though, under Trump they may have a willing president.
Trump has long been exasperated by the financial cost of America's military footprint in Syria, consisting of 2,000-4,000 troops mainly based in northeastern areas of the country. American warplanes have been flying offensive sorties over Syria since September 2014.
What seems to be primarily motivating Trump's calculations is a cost-cutting measure of getting others to pay. A fitting move for the real-estate-tycoon-turned-president whose private business model is all about outsourcing and subcontracting to trim costs.
In their pitch for the security contract in Syria, Erik Prince claimed that such an arrangement would bring zero cost to the US taxpayer. That suggests that the Saudi, Emirati, and Qatari rulers are being lined up to foot the bill for privatizing US military operations in Syria.
On a superficial level, it may seem like a smart idea, albeit unscrupulous. But at a more practical level, it seems doomed to fail. It is not hard to envisage how the shifting of military roles will only lead to greater instability and violence, not just in Syria but across the region.
Saudi troops being sent into Syria along with Emirati and Qatari forces will see them run up against the Syrian Army and its Iranian and Hezbollah allies. The Wahhabi mentality of the Gulf Arab rulers is such that Syria and its Shia allies are viewed as mortal enemies. The proximity of these forces in Syria would be explosive, resulting in Saudi Arabia and Iran finally going head-to-head in a long-anticipated war. The latter would no doubt draw in Israel on the Saudi side.
In any case, given the ongoing disastrous war in Yemen for the Saudis and their Gulf cronies, it seems out of the question that they could mobilize a force for Syria.
That begs the question of Erik Prince and their mercenaries being deployed to replace regular American forces, with the Gulf Arab regimes bankrolling the operation.
The purpose of any such deployment is in complete violation of Syrian sovereignty. Far from the advertised objectives of “security” and “preventing the return of ISIS,” the real goal is to hold on to US-occupied territory around the Euphrates River and the oilfields in Syria's eastern provinces.
Whatever the precise composition of this new American substitute force in Syria, the Wall Street Journal quoted an analyst from the Brooking Institution think tank as saying: “It has to be strong enough to face down Assad or Iran if either seeks to reclaim territory, perhaps with Russia's help.”
That means that US military forces will have to be retained in Syria. The boots on the ground may no longer be regular American troops, but the US will still have to provide support with warplanes and military advisers to make its surrogates effective for occupying Syrian territory.
If Washington planners want to maintain their foothold in Syria and contain Russian and Iranian influence in the region, then that objective will sooner or later result in a military confrontation. It seems implausible that the Syrian government, having won the war against foreign-backed militants, would tolerate a post-war occupation of its territory by the US and its surrogates.
American political analyst Randy Martin sees the latest Trump plans for the supposed withdrawal of troops as nothing more than a tactical shift. “The calling up of Arab forces or private mercenaries marks a change in contractors, that's all,” says Martin in an interview for this column.
“We have seen the defeat of the Al Qaeda brigades by Syria, Russian and Iran. Now the US is turning to new contractors in its long war for regime change in Syria and confrontation with Iran,” they added.
Thus, Trump's putative drawdown of the US military contingent in Syria is not a move for peace. It's a shift in gear towards more war.
Finian Cunningham has written extensively on international affairs, with articles published in several languages.  They are a Master's graduate in Agricultural Chemistry and worked as a scientific editor for the Royal Society of Chemistry, Cambridge, England, before pursuing a career in newspaper journalism.  They are also a musician and songwriter. For nearly 20 years, they worked as an editor and writer in major news media organisations, including The Mirror, Irish Times and Independent.
This article was originally published by “RT” –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/49278.htm
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is meant to be the most memorable day of their lives - and now they have something to make it even more so.
Stunning images of these newlyweds have been chosen as the best wedding photographs of 2016.
The spectacular shots feature couples on mountaintops, in front of lightning, popping bottles and dancing.
The images were selected by Junebug Weddings, which each year chooses the 50 unique shots for their 'Best of the Best Wedding Photography' collection.
(Photo: Gustavo Franco / Junebug /Caters)
This year, the competition - which has been running since 2008 - received almost 9,000 entries from over 700 photographers in more than 45 different countries.
Carrie Crooks, general manager and editor-in-chief of Junebug Weddings, said: "What makes me so proud of this year's collection is that you can feel the emotions of a wedding day through these 50 images - it's a powerfully emotive experience.
(Photo: Gabe McCintock / Junebug /Caters)
"I'm not surprised photographers keep discovering new locations because the world is so large and there are so many beautiful nooks and crannies to explore.
"The trend in wedding photography for the past few years has been travel.
(Photo: Danielle Bohane / Junebug /Caters)
"Photographing more destination weddings allows photographers to merge two passions in their lives in travel and photography.
This year's judges were world-renowned wedding photographers Mike and Shari Vallely of Shari + Mike, Benj Haisch, and Ben and Erin Chrisman of Chrisman Studios.
Winning a Junebug contest is one of the highest honours a wedding photographer can receive, often helping to jumpstart careers.
Throughout the year, Junebug also hosts a selection of other wedding photography contests - such as celebration of the best engagement photographs, which opens for submissions every April.
(Photo: Ken Pak / Junebug /Caters)
Carrie added: "In 2008, the Best of Wedding photo contest attracted mostly US photographers, but over the years, the interest from international photographers has grown exponentially.
"Today, more than half of the submissions we receive are from photographers outside of the U.S.
"Over the past few years, some new countries we've noticed entering the contest are Lithuania, Estonia, Barbados, Serbia, Belize and Latvia, to name a few.
"When we receive submissions from sparsely populated countries or smaller countries it's always a pleasant surprise."
Rentickle is today among the top five-six rental companies, which offer a range of products on rent to youngsters, who are not keen to invest in buying them
A few years ago when Vineet Chawla went to Kenya, they wanted to rent a DSLR for photography during their holiday. They were unable to procure one on rent and ended up spending ₹1 lakh on buying a Canon. So, when they set up Rentickle, the company that offers furniture and consumer goods on rent, Chawla decided to include cameras in it as well. Rentickle is today among the top five-six rental companies, which offer a range of products on rent to youngsters, who are not keen to invest in buying them. These include furniture such as beds, sofas, dining sets, tables, as well as consumer durables and appliances, including refrigerators, washing machines, air coolers and microwave ovens.
Rentickle is just one among such companies (there's Fabrento, Furlenco and RentoMojo, among others) that are mushrooming to cater to the needs of young consumers. Rentickle's Chawla says that it is a booming business, with a handful of strong brands already serving the market. “Consumer awareness about this business is still low and the upside is huge,” they say.
Currently, a majority of Rentickle's clients are young IT professionals in places such as Gurugram, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bengaluru. Chawla's target consumer is between 22 and 30 years. He/she is typically someone who is moving cities for work. The company also counts newly married couples among its customers.
Sidhant Lamba, founder of Fabrento, another Delhi-based company in a similar business, agrees: it is the young that are driving this business. The company has a presence in Delhi, Faridabad, Gurugram, Mumbai, Thane, Chandigarh and Mohali. Fabrento is part of the Continental Group, which has been making furniture for the past 50 years.
Clearly, the furniture rental companies are catering to millennials. According to Pew Research, millennials are the people born between 1981 and 1996 (aged 22 to 37 in 2018). Increasingly, marketers are looking for ideas that cater to their needs. An earlier Morgan Stanley report (April 2017) said India will have 410 million millennials, who will spend $330 billion annually, by 2020. That's more than the population of the US, and more than the number of millennials (400 million) that China has today, said a Mint report.
Fabrento and Rentickle promoters describe their consumer as typically someone who comes to the big city to work. These people do not know how long they will stick to their job. So, they do not want to get stuck with furniture and other stuff as they may be mobile. Interestingly, another report says millennials have a tendency to quit their jobs within two years of joining. In fact, a lot of them also prefer to be part of the gig economy rather than getting stuck with a 9-5 routine. “I am 28. I don't know whether I will settle in Delhi, Pune or Chicago. This is how the millennials think,” says Chawla.
So they're getting beds and living room furniture and are happy to pay the monthly rent. Lamba's average ticket price is between ₹1,600 and ₹2,500 a month, which these youngsters find easy to shell out.
The renting companies say the arrangement suits the youngsters “because when they feel they cannot pay, they merely cancel the subscription. It is not like they are defaulting on an EMI”, explains Lamba.
Marketing experts say the term “millennial” is not an age group, it is a state of mind. And Chawla understands this. “Millennials are clear on what they want. As consumers, they are very smart. They do not want an asset-heavy life.” In an earlier interview to Mint, a 26-year-old woman had admitted that they were in no hurry to buy a house and was sharing a flat with a friend. They had no intention to buy a car either as they were happy to use Ola and Uber to travel. Says Fabrento's Lamba: “We are living in the times of a shared economy. The times to hoard are over.” Millennials do not want to buy real estate or automobiles as they do not want to get stuck with things. Besides, they may move frequently between cities. They do not want to be tied down to a location.
With changing consumer habits, both Rentickle and Fabrento see a big potential in the renting business. While Rentickle is eyeing Kolkata, Mohali, Kochi and Jaipur in the future, Fabrento is gearing up to launch in Bengaluru. “The millennials' mindset is to spend on entertainment, gadgets, travel and experiences rather than on assets. They are value-for-money conscious but not tied to assets,” says Chawla.
Shuchi Bansal is Mint's media, marketing and advertising editor. Ordinary Post will look at pressing issues related to all three. Or just fun stuff.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Today author Philip Pullman announced plans to release their new book 'The Book of Dust'.
The English writer has produced several best-selling books, most notably the fantasy trilogy Their Dark Materials which has sold over 17.5 million copies, so fans are eagerly awaiting the October release date of their new work.
So far we know the book, a follow up to Their Dark Materials, will be a trilogy that centres around hero Lyra Belacqua and a new hero - yet to be revealed.
In a statement on their website , Pullman wrote: "I know from their letters and tweets that my readers have been waiting patiently (mostly) for The Book of Dust for a long time.
"It gives me great pleasure and some excitement at last to satisfy their curiosity (and mine) about this book."
Many fans, who have been patiently waiting on new material from the acclaimed author, will be wondering where they can get their hands on the new book. Below we've listed where you can pre-order your copy online:
Where to pre-order 'The Book of Dust'
Amazon - £9.99 Kindle edition or £10 hardcover.
Waterstones - £10 Hardback
WH Smith - £10 Hardback
Last year the BBC announced plans for writer Jack Thorne to create a TV adaption of the epic Their Dark Materials three-part story.
Filming was due to start in Wales late last year, casting details or air date information is yet to be released.
A research team from the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) has found the first evidence that a shaking motion in the structure of an atomically thin (2-D) material possesses a naturally occurring circular rotation.
This rotation could become the building block for a new form of information technology, and for the design of molecular-scale rotors to drive microscopic motors and machines.
The monolayer material, tungsten diselenide (WSe2), is already well-known for its unusual ability to sustain special electronic properties that are far more fleeting in other materials.
It is considered a promising candidate for a sought-after form of data storage known as valleytronics, for example, in which the momentum and wavelike motion of electrons in a material can be sorted into opposite "valleys" in a material's electronic structure, with each of these valleys representing the ones and zeroes in conventional binary data.
Modern electronics typically rely on manipulations of the charge of electrons to carry and store information, though as electronics are increasingly miniaturized they are more subject to problems associated with heat buildup and electric leaks.
The latest study, published online Feb. 1 in the journal Science, provides a possible path to overcome these issues. It reports that some of the material's phonons, a term describing collective vibrations in atomic crystals, are naturally rotating in a certain direction.
This property is known as chirality - similar to a person's handedness where the left and right hand are a mirror image of each other but not identical. Controlling the direction of this rotation would provide a stable mechanism to carry and store information.
"Phonons in solids are usually regarded as the collective linear motion of atoms," said Xiang Zhang, the corresponding author of the study and senior scientist of the Materials Science Division at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and professor at UC Berkeley. "Our experiment discovered a new type of so-called chiral phonons where atoms move in circles in an atomic monolayer crystal of tungsten diselenide."
Hanyu Zhu, the lead author of the study and a postdoctoral researcher at Zhang's group, said, "One of the biggest advantage of chiral phonon is that the rotation is locked with the particle's momentum and not easily disturbed."
In the phonon mode studied, the selenium atoms appear to collectively rotate in a clockwise direction, while the tungsten atoms showed no motion. Researchers prepared a "sandwich" with four sheets of centimeter-sized monolayer WSe2 samples placed between thin sapphire crystals. They synced ultrafast lasers to record the time-dependent motions.
The two laser sources converged on a spot on the samples measuring just 70 millionths of a meter in diameter. One of the lasers was precisely switched between two different tuning modes to sense the difference of left and right chiral phonon activity.
A so-called pump laser produced visible, red-light pulses that excited the samples, and a probe laser produced mid-infrared pulses that followed the first pump pulse within one trillionth of a second. About one mid-infrared photon in every 100 million is absorbed by WSe2 and converted to a chiral phonon.
The researchers then captured the high-energy luminescence from the sample, a signature of this rare absorption event. Through this technique, known as transient infrared spectroscopy, researchers not only confirmed the existence of a chiral phonon but also accurately obtained its rotational frequency.
So far, the process only produces a small number of chiral phonons. A next step in the research will be to generate larger numbers of rotating phonons, and to learn whether vigorous agitations in the crystal can be used to flip the spin of electrons or to significantly alter the valley properties of the material. Spin is an inherent property of an electron that can be thought of as its compass needle - if it could be flipped to point either north or south it could be used to convey information in a new form of electronics called spintronics.
"The potential phonon-based control of electrons and spins for device applications is very exciting and within reach," Zhu said. "We already proved that phonons are capable of switching the electronic valley. In addition, this work allows the possibility of using the rotating atoms as little magnets to guide the spin orientation."
The chiral properties found in the study likely exist across a wide range of 2-D materials based on a similar patterning in their atomic structure, Zhu also noted, adding that the study could guide theoretical investigations of electron-phonon interactions and the design of materials to enhance phonon-based effects.
"The same principle works in all 2-D periodic structures with three-fold symmetry and inversion asymmetry" Zhu said. "The same principle covers a huge family of natural materials, and there are almost infinite possibilities for creating rotors at the molecular scale."
###
Researchers at UC Berkeley, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia, and Nanjing Normal University in China also participated in the study. This work was primarily supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science.
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel Prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit http://www. lbl. gov .
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — They came armed with signs promoting love and unity and rejecting hate.
“We must stand united!” said one of the speakers in front of a crowd of a couple hundred people on the New Haven Green.
“I think it's really important and I think it's great that we're all out here,” said Christina Garcia.
Related: Several vigils take place in Connecticut after violent rally
“It's important to send a message to America and the world,” said Natalie Cassar.
That message could be heard in the speech Fahd Syed delivered to the crowd.
“We must stand united against hate,” they said.
The rally was hosted by New Haven Antifacists, Unidad Latina en Action, and the Answer Coalition.
Related: Suspect in deadly Virginia car ramming due in court
“I think when people stand up and force others to listen — things do change,” Cassar said.
“We're going to fight against this and there needs to be strong leadership coming from the top (of our government),” Garcia said.
Syed told News 8 a similar rally will be held in Waterbury Monday night from 6:30-7:30 in the park in front of the Waterbury Library at 267 Grand Street.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - The Latest on the Oklahoma bomb plot (all times local):
3:45 p.m.
Oklahoma's senior U.S. senator says law enforcement authorities "prevented a hateful act of domestic terrorism" by foiling a plot to bomb an Oklahoma City bank.
Sen. Jim Inhofe said Monday the plot that ended Saturday with the arrest of a 23-year-old man could have mirrored the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which killed 168 people and injured hundreds more. Inhofe says he's grateful authorities prevented it without putting the community at risk.
Officials arrested Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, for allegedly attempting to detonate a vehicle bomb. Undercover FBI agents prevented the attack from actually taking place.
Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce and faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted.
3:15 p.m.
U.S. Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma says it's chilling that someone would want to commit an act of terror in Oklahoma City as a tribute to the deadly 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.
Officials say 23-year-old Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb outside an Oklahoma City bank. Undercover FBI agents prevented the attack from happening.
Lankford says the incident is a somber reminder that Americans must remain vigilant about home-grown extremism and radicalization in local communities.
A criminal complaint says Varnell told undercover investigators they sympathize with "III% ideology," which pledges resistance to the U.S. government and wanted to use a device similar to the one that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people.
___
11:30 a.m.
The FBI has arrested a 23-year-old man who authorities say attempted to detonate what they believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank.
Officials say Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in Oklahoma City.
A federal complaint says the FBI learned in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and that an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help. Officials say Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.
Varnell is scheduled to appear in federal court Monday afternoon on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Who's Bill This Time Bill Kurtis reads three quotes from the week's news: "Boast of the union," "Chap stuck" and "Minnesota huddle."
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo has labelled Real Madrid a "team" after a stunning impact as a substitute in Los Blancos' 3-1 victory over Barcelona.
The Portuguese scored a wonderful long-range strike, picked up a booking for taking off their shirt in celebration and then received a controversial second booking for diving, before gently pushing the referee in protest.
Marco Asensio grabbed a third late on to all but settle the two-legged contest ahead of the return game at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
Ronaldo could be in hot water though, with the Spanish Federation's rules stating that a ban of 4-12 games can be handed out for physically confronting an official.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The La Liga opener against Deportivo comes this weekend, with their clasico rivals in a bad way after Neymar's departure to Paris Saint-Germain.
After winning the double last season, Los Blancos look in fine form to repeat their success this season.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Them the toughest tour of duty was once on the cobbles of Corrie. Now Michelle Keegan is collecting passport stamps to more exotic locations as they return as tiny-but-tough Army medic Georgie Lane.
Michelle filmed in Nepal, Malaysia and South Africa for the four new missions Georgie goes on in this 12-part series.
Now a corporal, they will bring their full metal jacket (and eyebrow grooming kit) – and is definitely not going to be distracted by men in uniform.
(Image: BBC)
In episode one, Georgie ditches cake with their mum in Manchester to join a relief mission after an earthquake in Nepal. As well as the gruesome task of identifying the dead, they help the injured with limited medical supplies, and must mentor maverick Private Maisie Richards (Shalom Brune-Franklin, second from right, above).
‘Georgie looks after number one but they also look after everyone else,' Michelle tells us. ‘I love them attitude.' When Michelle last wore fatigues, their character was breaking off their engagement with dishy doctor Jamie Cole. ‘Unfortunately there's no news of Jamie,' says Michelle.
(Image: PA/BBC)
But their other love interest, Elvis (Luke Pasqualino), is still very much on the scene. He's trying to get Georgie back after dumping them at the altar in the first series. It's a mission that needs careful reconnaissance – especially when Georgie finds out they have history with Maisie.
‘Georgie and Elvis have a bust-up this series,' adds Michelle. ‘There's a lot of frustration and a lot of jealousy.'
(Image: BBC)
And put it this way: Elvis hasn't been keeping their eyes forward, although in real life actor Luke is a big fan of Michelle.
‘Working with them is amazing,' they rave.
‘She knows everyone's name on set and is a complete pro. She's beautiful inside and out.'
Sounds like this tour of duty was as much fun to make as to watch...
Our Girl is on Tue 9pm BBC1
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House Pause
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
3:30 Victim of romance scam tells their story
0:53 Rainy Valentine's Day morning in DFW
1:42 Water gushes over dam near flooded Sacramento
0:10 Suspects in armed robberies
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have received a boost in their reported chase of Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak.
That is according to talkSPORT, who say Atletico are not planning to extend the contract of the in-demand shot-stopper.
Arsenal have also been linked with a move for Oblak who has done little to dampen the speculation they could depart the Spanish capital over the summer.
Their current deal lasts until 2021 and Atletico reportedly have no desire to tie the goalkeeper to fresh terms.
Oblak has a release clause of £87.5million and Atletico are confident no club will stump up the cash to trigger it.
(Image: AFP)
Reds run riot against Roma
Liverpool put one foot into the Champions League final with a thumping 5-2 win over Roma at Anfield, led by the irrepressible brilliance of Mo Salah.
The Egyptian put their former side to the sword with a stunning performance, leading the Giallorossi on a merry dance as they scored two and made two more, with Roberto Firmino (2) and Sadio Mane also getting on the scoresheet.
(Image: REUTERS)
But the Reds allowed their visitors a sniff of a comeback ahead of their meeting in the Stadio Olimpico next Wednesday, with late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti - the Argentine scoring from the penalty spot - keeping the door to Kiev ajar.
Read the full report and five talking points from the game here.
Oxlade-Chamberlain's World Cup hopes in doubt
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was forced off with a knee injury in Liverpool's Champions League clash with Roma.
The 24-year-old was seen writhing around on the pitch in pain a quarter of an hour into the semi-final, after falling awkwardly challenging former Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov for the ball.
(Image: REUTERS)
The England international was replaced by Georginio Wijnaldum, as they received treatment on the side of the Anfield pitch. Oxlade-Chamberlain was then taken off on a stretcher to a round of applause from everyone inside the packed stadium.
The former Arsenal midfielder has been a stand-out player for the Reds this season, following their £35million summer move.
Read more here.
Congressional GOP Divided Over Immigration, Some Willing To Work With Democrats
Vulnerable House Republican are forcing their leaders to schedule votes on immigration to try to stave off a blue wave in November. But their support for a moderate approach that includes a path to citizenship puts them at odds with President Trump's midterm strategy.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
House Republicans in Washington are worried about highlighting the split in the party over immigration. They're on the verge of voting next month on immigration bills. GOP leaders worry a public debate on the issue could boost Democrats' chances of winning the House in November. NPR's Kelsey Snell reports from California on one Republican who says defying President Trump and their own party leaders on immigration is good politics back home.
KELSEY SNELL, BYLINE: California Republican Steve Knight is tired of waiting for House Republican leaders to figure out where their party should stand on immigration. They say voters in their district north of Los Angeles have been clear. They want Congress to act now.
STEVE KNIGHT: People have said that consistently. If I just don't listen, then I'm not listening to the people in my district.
SNELL: Until recently, Knight was pretty anonymous in Washington. But that was before they decided to defy party leaders and President Trump on immigration. Now he's one of almost two dozen Republicans who decided to team up with Democrats to force the House to vote on immigration proposals, proposals that include a pathway to citizenship that many in their party hate. He's willing to risk angering party leaders in part because they represent one of the 23 districts that voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016 but voted for a Republican for Congress.
Democrats believe Republicans are unpopular across the country and in particular here in part because of issues like immigration. But Trump is leaning into the same tough immigration line that was their signature in 2016. They told a crowd in Tennessee last night that Republicans need to be tough on immigration if they want to win.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: And you can say what you want, but I think border security and security general is a great issue for the Republican Party. I think it's a great issue, not a bad issue.
SNELL: Moderates and Democrats say a majority of Americans oppose a border wall. A recent ABC News-Washington Post poll showed that 86 percent of voters support the DACA program. It protects immigrants who came to the country as children and are now here illegally. Here in California, the issue is even more personal because the state is home to nearly 30 percent of those DACA recipients. But Democrats here can't figure out the right way to campaign against a Republican like Knight.
Bryan Caforio is the most progressive of the Democrats running here. And they say Knight's rogue move signing the immigration petition won't be enough to set them apart.
BRYAN CAFORIO: That's a huge issue. And frankly, I don't think Steve Knight's doing anything on this.
SNELL: Caforio knocked on doors this weekend in a heavily Hispanic area of the high desert city of Palmdale. He's hoping that their personal touch and progressive politics like a pathway to citizenship without compromises will help bring Democrats to the polls. Their opponent Katie Hill takes a much more moderate approach. She's in line with party leaders in Washington who want to trade some border security money for DACA protections. And they argue it's the right way to win votes in moderate suburban districts like this.
KATIE HILL: We are going to have to make sure that we've got the best possible chance at defeating them in the fall.
SNELL: But Knight says they aren't worried about facing either one of them in November. Knight knows immigration is a tough issue for Republicans, but they say it's not for him. Plus, they say voters here have a lot more on their minds than just immigration.
KNIGHT: We got into Congress to work on the military, veterans and small business. That's what we've done. They know that, the veterans know that. We've kept our word.
SNELL: Bert Brionies, a Democrat here, agrees. They say they respect that Knight took their own route on immigration, plus they like Knight's work on local issues. Briones knows that Democrats need to defeat Republicans like Knight to win control of the house, but they trust their member of congress and he's planning to vote for them in November.
BERT BRIONIES: I'd like to, you know, stay with the Democrats' base, but if I see someone has, you know, ideas that would favor, you know, my way of thinking, then, yeah, I would sway towards that.
SNELL: Knight's split on immigration may infuriate Republican leaders, but it could be the key to helping the GOP keep the majority. Kelsey Snell, NPR News, Santa Clarita, Calif.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
According to a news release from the EPA, all results from water samples taken the last 3 days have shown hexavalent chromium below EPA's method detection limit of 1 part per billion. The EPA says it will post preliminary data on its website and will provide more results as they become available.U.S. Steel has resumed full operations after a Chrome release the previous week. The EPA will continue to monitor and sample water.The National Park Service has reopened its neighboring beaches and Indiana American Water is working with IDEM to reopen their Ogden Dunes drinking water intake.The NPS plans to oversee a long term sampling and monitoring plan. EPA and NPS will work together on this effort.
Gwen Stefani's son Zuma headed to Hogwarts for their ninth birthday.
On Sunday, the "Make Me Love You" songstress took to Instagram to share a series of snaps of their second oldest son's magical Harry Potter-themed birthday bash—a party that would make J.K. Rowling proud.
Zumba, who officially turns nine on August 21, rang in their special day one week early with a party replete with decorations from the popular series. Alongside a huge three-tiered cake, topped with a large replication of the Sorting Hat and official Hogwarts emblem, there were life-size cutouts of the book's characters, including Harry Potter (obviously), their school arch-nemesis Draco Malfoy, and Professor Snape.
Guests were ushered in through two curtains, painted to resemble Platform 9 3/4, where they found a colorful fruit display that featured an intricate rendition of the owl Hedwig, set alongside themed treats, flags of the four houses, and parchment mail strung from the ceiling.
RELATED: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton Took Them Three Sons on a Family Fishing Trip
All the hard work wasn't lost on the birthday boy, who can be seen excitedly checking out their party in one of the star's snaps.
Stefani definitely wins mom of the year!
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after they were placed on US sanctions list.
Aman has just discovered the dating app Tinder and cannot wait to use it. They swipe right for every woman that the app throws up within a 100-kilometre radius in Amritsar, but finds no match. Finally, a woman named Tanuja swipes right too and they get talking.
One night, Tanuja invites Aman over, and Aman finds out who Tanuja really is. A hint: it has something to do with celebrations in India and Pakistan. The Grapevine Films production stars Shivankit Singh Parihar, Nadeem Khan, Majinder Singh and Harmit.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A tidal art project which flashes up giant words in the City of Culture has been flooded with off-colour messages.
Hull's tidal barrier is supposed to project the spoken word in to huge scrolling text.
But instead, words like “big hairy man hammock”, “send nudes' and “I am high” have been flashing up.
Locals fear the naughty words could even cause an accident as passing motorists clock the shocking text.
The interactive artwork ‘City Speaks', is a major art project for the City of Culture,
A steel lectern on the quayside of Humber Dock provides a microphone and the words are sent to a data processing unit which transcribes them into scrolling text.
The public's words are then projected onto the barrier within seconds.
But Vicky Owens, 34, from Hull, caught the artwork going wrong at midnight on Thursday while they were out with friends.
“It said ejaculation, then all sorts of stuff kept coming up,” they said.
“It came up with “big hairy man hammock” or something like that and “I am high”, “I am drunk”, “send nudes” and all sorts of stuff.
“It was a bit bizarre.”
(Image: hull daily mail)
The mum-of-three said although they saw the funny side, it could have been a bit different had they been with my kids.
“I didn't realise until after there is a microphone people speak into so it was a bit surprising,” they said.
“You have to admit it's funny. But you think if it's the time of the day I have my kids with me, then it becomes a bit of a different issue.
“You think what about people driving this way, it is going to distract them.”
At the time of its launch back in February, ‘Look Up' curator Andrew Knight explained more about the technology used and said some words are filtered.
“There is voice recognition software which translates the spoken word into text,” they said.
(Image: WENN)
“As time goes on the software will learn and get better. There is a long list of offensive words the software recognises and if spoken it will just come up blank.
“If people do say anything offensive, it will only scroll through once and won't be seen again so it isn't like graffiti which can remain for a while.
“But we trust the people of Hull to use this as intended.”
Ben McKnight, director of communications for Hull 2017, said: “The City Speaks is one of a series of public artworks being installed around Hull during its City of Culture year.
“There is a filter in place to block offensive words.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have some unexpected surprises up their sleeves for guests to the royal wedding on 19 May.
Once the 92-year-old Queen has excused herself, the young couple plan to give reception guests a night they'll never forget.
The boozy after party will be held at Frogmore House - and is looking like a right royal knees-up.
We also have plenty of details about the night before the nuptials and Meghan's wedding dress to keep royal fans going until the big day...
(Image: Splash News)
Private Stormzy gig and burger vans
The reception will be held at Frogmore House in the grounds of Windsor Castle.
Once the cake has been cut and the speeches are over, it's expected the Queen will excuse themselves from the night-time celebrations.
Then Harry and Meghan will lead the party atmosphere.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
"Harry and Meghan have a theme in mind and have planned some fun surprises for their guests, including burger vans, champagne stalls and vodka ice sculptures," royal expert Katie Nicholl told Closer .
"There will be no alcohol limit for guests, but they have banned mobiles for privacy.
"Grime artist Stormzy has apparently been booked by Harry."
Meghan's wedding dress is treated like a state secret
The bride's best friend Jessica Mulroney is the unofficial wedding planner.
The women, who are BFFs, first met on the set of Suits in 2011 and Jessica is credited with transforming Meghan's style.
Hotly-tipped to be announced as Meghan's Maid of Honour, the socialite has been hands-on behind the scenes and is expected to help them BFF get ready on the big day.
(Image: HELLO! Canada Magazine/Youtube)
(Image: Kleinfeld)
(Image: jessicamulroney/Instagram)
"Meghan's wedding dress is being treated like a State secret," Nicholl revealed.
"She's had fittings at a London studio and at Kensington Palace."
But it won't be Jessica's job to move the highly guarded dress.
"The designer will take the dress from London to Windsor the night before to ensure it's steamed and ready to go," the royal expert added.
Spending the night before apart
(Image: Photographer's Choice)
(Image: Splash News)
It's tradition for the bride and groom to spend the night apart before the big day - and Harry and Meghan are expected to follow suit.
They will either stay separately in London or the Queen may give them two suites in Windsor Castle for the night.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
The night before Prince William's wedding to Kate in 2011, they and Harry greeted crowds waiting outside Westminster Abbey.
Harry could be set to do the same as he's keen to make the public feel involved.
Undercover snipers
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Thames Valley Police are expecting 100,000 spectators and will require reinforcements from other forces, including the Metropolitan Police.
"There will be armed police and unarmed police, as well as plain-clothed officers and snipers hidden behind the scenes to make sure the royals and the public are safe," Nicholls commented.
Mirror Online has contacted Kensington Palace and Stormzy for comment.
CHICAGO (AP) — From defiant lawsuits to reversing policies, U.S. cities and counties are zeroing in on their immigration rules to avoid losing millions in public safety dollars that the White House has threatened to withhold amid a high-stakes clash over sanctuary policies.
President Donald Trump has made it a top priority to revoke federal dollars from so-called sanctuary cities, broadly defined as places that limit cooperation with federal immigration authorities. Trump says they believe such cities and counties are providing a haven for criminal activity.
Amid an executive order and almost weekly threats by the administration, cities and counties are fighting back.
At least six locales are suing, with Chicago becoming the latest city to join the legal fray last week. Leaders in Baltimore and the Las Vegas area have been trying to prove to the federal government that they don't have sanctuary policies so they can qualify for public safety help. Some local governments have sought to comply with the administration's edicts.
The result for cities and counties: growing confusion, budgeting headaches, worries about increased crime and more tension with immigrant residents. And experts expect more lawsuits and turmoil at the local level.
“They're not getting clarity,” said Yucel Ors, a program director for public safety at the National League of Cities. “When you're planning budgets or there's an expectation for grants and applications, it becomes very difficult to properly judge what your resource is going to be, especially with law enforcement.”
Sanctuary policies have existed for decades. There's no single definition, but generally local officials enact policies friendly to people living in the U.S. without legal permission, including limiting cooperation with agents in local jails and prohibiting police from asking about immigration status during traffic stops.
The nation's roughly 200 sanctuary cities and counties are now a focal point in the immigration debate with Trump in the White House.
Some locales, including Florida's Miami-Dade County, have already changed their immigration policies to comply. Others are considering the same.
But the more common tactic among sanctuary cities has been to push back. Lawsuits over constitutional concerns cropped up in California's Santa Clara County, San Francisco, Seattle and two Boston-area cities, with the California lawsuits prompting a temporary injunction.
In its federal lawsuit last week, Chicago targeted new conditions for a public safety grant calling for close cooperation with federal authorities, including access to jails. Chicago, a sanctuary city since the 1980s, calls the changes unconstitutional.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who was President Barack Obama's first White House chief of staff, argued Trump's aggressive stance and rhetoric impedes trust in law enforcement and could prevent immigrants from reporting crimes.
“The Trump Justice Department … is asking the city of Chicago to choose between our core values as a welcoming city and our fundamental principles of community policing,” Emanuel said at a recent news conference. “It is a false choice and a wrong choice. Chicago will not let our police officers become political pawns in a debate.”
In response, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions doubled down on their sanctuary cities stance, accusing Chicago of “deliberately and intentionally” adopting rules that obstruct the immigration system.
Nationally, the federal government awarded about $264 million to more than 1,000 different entities last year through the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program, also known as Byrne JAG. Chicago's share was about $2.3 million, including for police cars. The program is named after a New York City officer killed in 1988 while protecting an immigrant witness who'd agreed to testify against drug dealers.
The fight has led to chaos in cities and counties that say they're being inaccurately branded by the administration.
Roughly $1 million in Byrne JAG money was in limbo for Nevada's Clark County until this month. The county submitted a 108-page memo covering the role of Las Vegas police to prove it should continue receive funds it uses for things like juvenile services.
Baltimore city officials were baffled when they received an August letter saying they wouldn't qualify for a different federal anti-crime program. The city hasn't formally declared itself a sanctuary city, and city jails are run by the state of Maryland, not the city. Baltimore faces a Friday deadline to prove its case.
In New Mexico, Albuquerque received a similar warning. Albuquerque eliminated a sanctuary policy years ago, but city and county officials approved largely symbolic “immigrant friendly” measures this year. The federal warning appeared to target immigrant jail policies in Bernalillo County, where Albuquerque is located. County commissioners debated a plan allowing more cooperation between local and federal immigration authorities, but the Democrat-majority board defeated it last week at a meeting well-attended by opponents.
Two California cities, Stockton and San Bernardino, were also called out after expressing interest in the Justice Department's Public Safety Partnership, which enlists federal agents and technology to find crime solutions. They were told they wouldn't qualify unless they give federal immigration authorities access to jails and notify agents before releasing inmates wanted on immigration violations.
Miami-Dade County reversed its policy earlier this year, saying the county would honor “detainers,” or holding people for extra time to be arrested by immigration authorities. Local officials defended the change, saying they wanted to keep receiving federal money for body cameras and community policing. However, the reversal is now the subject of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit.
In New Mexico, concerns linger about possible lost funding opportunities for Albuquerque, which ranks first nationwide for the number of cars stolen daily per capita. Commissioner Wayne Johnson, a Republican, said they introduced the plan to increase cooperation with immigration authorities in response to Trump's warning.
“We have a broken criminal justice system,” said Johnson, who's running for mayor. “We need to have every tool at our disposal.”
___
Associated Press writer Adriana Gomez Licon in Miami contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sophia Tareen on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sophiatareen . Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
House sellers' asking prices plunged by more than £8,000 month on average in December, according to a property website.
The 2.6% monthly fall in the price of homes coming on to the market was the biggest recorded in five years, Rightmove said.
Across England and Wales, the average asking price in December was £302,865 - a fall of £8,178 compared with November.
It marked the biggest monthly percentage fall since a 3.1% dip in December 2012.
Rightmove said the dip is "symptomatic of the more challenging market some sellers find themselves in".
In London, asking prices have fallen by 3.7% - or more than £23,000 in cash terms month on month.
In November, the average asking price in London was £628,219 and in December it was £605,203.
The biggest monthly drop in percentage terms was in Wales, where asking prices fell by 5.2% to reach £173,342 on average.
The North East of England was the only region to buck the downward month-on-month trend, with asking prices there up by 1.3% monthly to reach £146,090 on average.
Over the past year, asking prices have increased by 1.2% across England and Wales - and Rightmove predicts that across 2018 asking prices will see an increase of around 1%.
This would be the lowest annual increase since a 0.8% rise recorded in 2011.
Miles Shipside, director of Rightmove, said that every year since 2011 has seen a rise in the price of property coming to market.
They said: "2018 will continue the 2017 trend by being a real mixed bag of different price pressures both up and down, but the net result is that we forecast another year of a slowing in the pace of price rises.
"The peak in the cycle of rising prices was 2015's annual jump of 7.4%. The following year saw price growth more than halve to 3.4%, while 2017 is finishing up at 1.2%."
They said stretched buyer affordability and tighter lending criteria are holding back upward house price pressure.
Rightmove also quoted the views of estate agents.
Mark Manning, director of Manning Stainton in Leeds, Harrogate, Wetherby and Wakefield, said: "Demand across the lower and middle markets remains healthy but there is a little price resistance starting to be felt in various pockets of the region."
Nick Leeming, chairperson at Jackson-Stops, said: "Our branches in the West Country foresee an increase in average prices in the middle market, meaning homes valued at £500,000 to £1 million, with some predicting 4% growth next year.
"The Cotswolds will continue to attract families, with those previously based close to the capital increasingly happy to commute further several days a week and work from home in order to achieve their desired lifestyle."
- In September of 2016 ... the CHA and [IG] briefed the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus about suspicious activity related to their server that the [IG] identified. As a result, the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus directed the CAO to copy the data from their server and two computers.
- The CHA directed the IG to refer the matter to the US Capitol Police. The USCP initiated an investigation that continues to this day.
- In late 2016, the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus announced their intention to resign from Congress to assume a new position. The CAO and [sergeant-at-arms] worked with the Chairman to account for their inventory, including the one server.
- While reviewing the inventory, the CAO discovered that the serial number of the server did not match that of the one imaged in September. [Investigators] also discovered that the server in question [the replacement server] was still operating under the employee's control, contrary to the explicit instructions of the former chairperson to turn over all equipment and fully cooperate with the inquiry and investigation. [A House source said the "employee" was Abid Awan.]
- The USCP interviewed relevant staff regarding the missing server.
- On January 24, 2017, the CAO acquired the [replacement] server from the control of the employees and transferred that server to the USCP.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bosses of a Scottish pub have highlighted a very good reason for men to use their urinals.
A Canadian writer visiting the Lismore snapped and shared a photo of an unusual plaque in the gents toilets.
The watering hole's now infamous urinal has a sign which invites visitors to ‘pay respect' to three unnamed men who participated in the Highland Clearances.
The clearances were the forced the evictions of the residents of Highlands and western islands of Scotland, and resulted in the destruction of the traditional clan society.
After Anne Theriault posted a photo of the sign on Twitter it quickly went viral, receiving thousands of reactions, reports the Daily Record .
(Image: Getty)
The sign, in the pub in Partick, Glasgow, reads: “This urinal is dedicated to three men who participated in the Scottish Highland Clearances.
"These men took part in what is now recognised as a form of Central Government endorsed ethnic cleansing.
“Through their greed and bigotry, they and others have been instrumental in destroying a century old Scottish Highland way of life.
“Please feel free to pay them the respect they deserve.”
(Image: @anne_theriault/Twitter)
Ms Theriault, a writer from Canada, spotted the somewhat sarcastic tribute and tweeted to their nearly 50k followers: “Scotland, man. They don't f*** around.”
It seems that more than 8,000 retweeters agree.
They later added: “My mentions are full of hilarious Scottish people and honestly twitter has never been such a f***ing beautiful dream.”
The Lismore, named after a small island in the Inner Hebrides and famed for its whisky collection, is known for its proud connections with the Highlands.
The Partick pub remains a Glasgow institution - so we're sure more than a few of you will have, ahem, paid tribute at the same urinal before.
Here are a few animals available for adoption at Lincoln County Humane Society this week.
For more information, call 905-682-0767 or visit www.lchs.ca. Cat adoptions: $50 for kittens (two to four months old) or $100. Rabies vaccine is included. Dog and cat spay or neuter procedures can be booked at the LCHS animal clinic. Email clinic@lchs.ca or call 905-688-0767 ext. 3.
Cats
Garth: domestic shorthair, male, 1½ years old
Prince Ali: domestic shorthair, male, adult
Roger Moore: domestic shorthair, male, seven years
Francine: domestic shorthair, female, adult
June: domestic shorthair, female, two years
Chance: domestic medium hair, male, six years
Minerva: domestic shorthair, female, one year
Malibu: domestic shorthair, female, two years
Sir John A: domestic shorthair, male, four years
Pho: domestic shorthair, female, six years
Bruin: domestic shorthair, male, adult
Goliath: domestic shorthair, male, adult
•••
Here is Community Animal Allies of Niagara's list of cats up for adoption this week.
For $50 for mature cats and $125 for kittens, all our cats are spayed/neutered, vaccinated to date, de-flead/dewormed and microchipped. CAAN is always looking for foster homes to take care of kittens and cats until they get adopted and volunteers to socialize cats. For more information, go to the CAAN website www.caancatmobile.org or phone 289-213-1868.
Charles and Diana: two black kittens, eight months old, short hair, black, would like to be adopted together, shy need some TLC
Cecily: eight months old, female, short hair, brown tabby, very outgoing and companionable but not cuddly, needs a quiet home
Molly: three years old, female, short hair brown tabby with attitude, needs to be the only cat
Grimly and Lily: 12-week-old, male grey tabby kitten, and two-year-old female black cat, both short hair, must go together
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
President Trump spends at least four hours a day watching television, according to a new report.close to Trump The New York Times that Trump spends at least that much time in front of a TV each day, and sometimes spends as many as eight hours watching television.The Times reports that Trumpby turning on CNN before quickly flipping to Fox News's "Fox & Friends." They occasionally watch MSNBC's "Morning Joe" because it works them up, Trump's friends told the Times.Trump's favorite programs include "Fox & Friends" as well as Fox News primetime shows from Sean Hannity, Laura Ingraham and Jeanine Pirro. Trump sometimes "hate-watches" CNN host Don Lemon, according to the report.The Times also reports thatDuring their trip to Asia last month, Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One that they don't watch much television at the White House because he's busy "reading documents.""Believe it or not, even when I'm in Washington or New York, I do not watch much television," Trump said. "People that don't know me, they like to say I watch television - people with fake sources. You know, fake reporters, fake sources.""But I don't get to watch much television.," Trump continued. "I actually read much more - I read you people much more than I watch television."The Times reports that Trump told reporters about their TV-watching habits after the newspaper presented the White House with a long list of fact-checking questions, including one about how often they watch television.Trump has previously insisted they have "very little time for watching TV," though they often tweet about Fox News and CNN segments just after they air live.Trump also had a 60-inch flat screen TV installed in their private White House dining room, according to Time magazine.
© clumpner / Getty Images
A Pakistani Christian man was tortured with heated iron rods after befriending a Muslim woman, according to local news reports. Images allegedly show Ansar Masih's charred body after the reported attack in Sheikhupura, eastern Pakistan, on April 1.The 21-year-old man filed a police report against the father and two brothers of the Muslim woman, after the men allegedly kidnapped, beat and burnt them with iron rods, reported Dawn Activist and lawyer Jibran Nasir, who claims to be in touch with Masih's family, tweeted an image of them purportedly taken after the attack. The image allegedly shows their buttocks and the backs of their legs charred.RT has been unable to find a social media profile to verify if the man seen in Nasir's tweets is in fact Masih. Nasir claims they were taken to Lahore for further treatment following offers of help.Officials at Sheikhupura's District Headquarters Hospital are reported to have told Dawn that Masih was moved to Lahore as they were better equipped to treat serious burn injuries.  They are said to be in a stable condition.Nasir has been contacted by RT to confirm their proximity to the alleged victim and for additional details. They have yet to respond.Masih is reported to have befriended the woman two years ago. The police report claims the woman's father warned Masih's father to keep their son away from the daughter,Masih's father told Dawn that both the police and the accused's family have pressured them to retract their accusations.
'Respect' Wasn't A Feminist Anthem Until Aretha Franklin Made It One
Enlarge this image toggle caption Express Newspapers/Getty Images Express Newspapers/Getty Images
On this day 50 years ago, a little-known gospel singer from Detroit went into a New York City recording studio to try to jump-start their career. No one saw it coming, but the song Aretha Franklin laid down on Valentine's Day 1967 would go on to become one of the greatest recordings of all time.
"Respect" hit the top of the charts four months later and turned Aretha Franklin into a feminist champion. The track was actually a clever gender-bending of a song by Otis Redding, whose original reinforced the traditional family structure of the time: Man works all day, brings money home to wife and demands their respect in return.
Franklin's version blew that structure to bits. For one, Redding's song doesn't spell out "R-E-S-P-E-C-T" like Franklin's does. It also doesn't have the backup singers and their clever interplay. So much of what made "Respect" a hit — and an anthem — came from Franklin's rearrangement. They remembered how it all came together when they spoke with WHYY's Fresh Air in 1999.
YouTube
"My sister Carolyn and I got together and — I was living in a small apartment on the west side of Detroit, piano by the window, watching the cars go by — and we came up with that infamous line, the 'sock it to me' line," they told host Terry Gross. "Some of the girls were saying that to the fellas, like 'sock it to me' in this way or 'sock it to me' in that way. It's not sexual. It was nonsexual, just a cliché line."
Franklin's "Respect" became a transformative moment — not only in their career but also in the women's rights movement and the civil rights movement. Which makes one wonder: What did Redding think of all this?
"Well, they didn't like it," says Mark Ribowsky, author of the biography Dreams To Remember: Otis Redding, Stax Records, and the Transformation of Southern Soul. Speaking to NPR in 2015, Ribowsky said Redding eventually accepted that "Respect" no longer belonged to them — and that you can see it for yourself in their 1967 performance at the Monterey Pop Festival.
YouTube
"He comes onstage and they go, 'This next song is a song that a girl took away from me' — but they say it with the Otis charm, a little glint in the eye," Ribowski said. "And Otis couldn't begrudge them that."
Rolling Stone named "Respect" one of the top five greatest songs of all time, saying: "Franklin wasn't asking for anything. They sang from higher ground: a woman calling an end to the exhaustion and sacrifice of a raw deal with scorching sexual authority. In short, if you want some, you will earn it."
If you want a laptop or convertible tablet that "respects your freedoms" at all costs with the hardware freed down to the BIOS and don't mind running on outdated hardware to accomplish that goal, the Free Software Foundation has now certified the Minifree X200 that is a refurbished model of the decade-old Lenovo X200 as being "RYF" compliant.The X200 was introduced in 2008 with a 12.1-inch display, 9-cell battery, and powered by an Intel Core 2 Duo Penryn-era processor and can handle up to 8GB of RAM. Minifree Ltd has been selling refurbished X200 convertible tablets that are reloaded using the Libreboot downstream of Coreboot to have the system freed down to the BIOS/firmware.While old Lenovo ThinkPad X200 hardware can be found for $100~150 from eBay and other Internet retailers, the Minifree X200 loaded up with Libreboot starts out at €258.00 (~$300 USD) for 4GB of RAM and a 160GB HDD and goes up to €718.00 (~$835) for 8GB of RAM and dual SSDs.The Minifree X200 model uses the Core 2 Duo SL9400 processor, Intel GMA 4500MHD graphics, 12.1-inch 1280x800 display, and an 802.11n Atheros WiFi card. The Core 2 Duo SL9400 is a dual-core part that has a 1.86GHz base frequency and 17 Watt TDP.The Linux distribution loaded on the Minifree X200 for meeting the FSF free software requirements is Trisquel GNU+Linux.Should you be interested in the device you can find out more information at FSF.org and MiniFree.org
Democratic Response To The Nunes Memo
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
We're going to start the program today with the latest news about that memo you've surely heard about released yesterday by the Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee. Those members, as well as President Trump and their supporters, are saying that the memo represents evidence of bias on the part of the FBI leadership and others investigating the president. Meanwhile, Democrats and other observers, including a number of former law enforcement and intelligence officials, say the memo is just a misleading partisan document intended to undermine the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and the allegations that the Trump campaign was involved with those efforts.
The Democrats have written their own response to Nunes's memo, but that has not been approved for public release as of now. Congressman Jerrold Nadler has seen that Democratic response they tell us. They represent New York's 10th District and is the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. And he's with us now. Congressman Nadler, thank you so much for speaking with us.
JERROLD NADLER: It's a pleasure.
MARTIN: Now the memo - the Nunes memo that we've been talking about argues that the FBI and Justice Department used a flawed process, even abused their surveillance powers to target the Trump campaign. Do you have information that refutes that?
NADLER: Well, the memo refutes itself for one thing. The Nunes memo argues that the original application for a FISA warrant to surveil someone named Carter Page was tainted because it didn't reveal to the judges and enough information about the Steele dossier, which was partly paid for by the Clinton campaign and was part of the evidence used to get the warrant. But that's all it really alleges. Now the problem with that is, No. 1, it doesn't say that the Steele - it doesn't show in any way what the other evidence placed before the court to get the warrant was. It doesn't allege in any way that there was anything wrong or inaccurate about the Steele dossier.
Second of all, it admits that the investigation had already started several months before because of other information. So this doesn't taint the investigation. Thirdly, it admits that three renewals of the warrant were granted later. And a grant of the - a renewal of the warrant can only be granted if you convince the court that the information from the warrant you've already had is showing more and more evidence that Page, in this case, is a foreign agent. So there's nothing there. And it certainly doesn't taint the investigation, which it has very little to do with.
MARTIN: I have a couple more things I wanted to get to before we have to let you go. First of all, can you just say with confidence that there was evidence - there was evidence - beyond the dossier that supported the government's request for the FISA warrant?
NADLER: Yes.
MARTIN: And also, after the Nunes memo was released, Democrats raised concerns that President Trump would use it as a pretext to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who's overseeing the Russia probe. Earlier today, White House Deputy Secretary Raj Shah said that Mr. Rosenstein's job is, in fact, safe. So is that still a concern?
NADLER: Well, it is a concern because I don't believe anything that comes out of the White House. You know, we've seen them say that they never threatened Mueller, but we know that the president tried to fire Mueller and was stopped by their counsel. Now, the fact of the matter is that they have used this memo to throw mud against the FBI and against Rosenstein and everybody generally against the investigation, whereas, in fact, it shows that nothing - for instance, Rosenstein is mentioned in the memo only as having signed off on one of the warrant renewals, which would have occurred after the - well after the campaign was over and well after Page had left the campaign. So it has nothing to do with the campaign. And that had to be true because Rosenstein wasn't the deputy attorney general until all that was the case.
MARTIN: We have let you go at that point. I hope we'll talk again. That was Democratic Congressman Jerrold Nadler of New York. He's the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. Congressman, thank you so much for speaking with us.
NADLER: You're quite welcome.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Bill Murray arrives for the North American premiere of "Isle of Dogs" at the Paramount Theatre during the South by Southwest Film Festival on Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Austin, Texas. (Photo by Jack Plunkett/Invision/AP)
Bill Murray arrives for the North American premiere of "Isle of Dogs" at the Paramount Theatre during the South by Southwest Film Festival on Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Austin, Texas. (Photo by Jack Plunkett/Invision/AP)
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Bill Murray took a catnap at the premiere of the film "Isle of Dogs."
Murray voices the canine Boss in Wes Anderson's movie, which was shown Saturday at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas.
The 67-year-old Murray read the poem "Dogs" accompanied by a cellist and joined Anderson and cast members onstage to answer questions from the audience.
But Murray nodded off when the questions centered on the filmmaking process.
Leave it to Kim Kardashian to make one bold maternity style statement. The star showed off their almost non-existent baby bump at tonight's 2015 CFDA Awards, where they donned a sheer embellished number by Proenza Schouler. They were accompanied at the event by husband Kanye West, who also donned a look by the fashion brand. Kardashian was in attendance at the ceremony to present the CFDA Media Award to Kevin Systrom, the founder of Instagram.
This is the second glimpse we've gotten of Kim's pregnant tummy since the news broke that baby number two was on the way—her belly made its debut on Saturday in New York City.
RELATED: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Expecting Their Second Child
Kardashian revealed that they and West were expecting their second child in a teaser following Sunday's mid-season finale of Keeping Up With the Kardashians, sending Twitter aflutter. The short clip showed the star discovering the good news during a doctor's appointment, and then spilling the beans to sister Khloé Kardashian. We can't wait to see what Kim wears next.
PHOTOS: The Best of the 2015 CFDA Awards Red Carpet
Grab your walking shoes it's time for Paws for a Cause. Casey Waugh of Wayside Waifs and Blue Valley West students, Josh Miller and Ted Reinhardt, explain how taking a walk can help Wayside Waifs help our furry friends.
When The Flu Hits Campus, The Gesundheit Machine Will Be Ready
Enlarge this image toggle caption Selena Simmons-Duffin/WAMU Selena Simmons-Duffin/WAMU
On a blustery winter day, Dr. Don Milton and their undergraduate research assistants, Louie Gold and Amara Fox, are recruiting students for their new study on how the flu — and other viruses — spread.
As incentives, they have vouchers for the school convenience store and free hot chocolate.
Milton, a professor at the University of Maryland, College Park, is hoping dozens of students will enroll for the study, which will help them look at flu transmission. When one of them gets sick, the student will be sent to the clinic at the School of Public Health, just across the street from the dorms.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Selena Simmons-Duffin / WAMU Selena Simmons-Duffin / WAMU
One student does come by, but doesn't make the cut. "She had some of the right symptoms: cough, little bit of runny nose, but didn't have much of a fever," says Dr. Barbara Albert, who screens for the study.
Those sick enough will get sent around the corner to a room with a crazy-looking, Rube-Goldberg-like contraption known as the Gesundheit machine.
For half an hour, the student sits in the machine. As the student breathes, the machine collects whatever virus they've got from the droplets in their breath.
The researchers will then use the student's contacts to try to figure out how infections spread from person to person: "roommates, study buddies, girlfriends and boyfriends," Milton says. "We're going to swab them every day for a week to see if they get infected."
If the student's contacts get infected, researchers will try to pin down whether they got the bug from the original subject or someone else.
"We're going to deep sequence the genetic code of the agent to see if it was really exactly the same thing," Milton explains. He's aware that confirming that your roommate gave you a horrible flu could ruin some perfectly nice relationships, but it's for science.
The fact is, they say, researchers don't know that much about the mechanics of how bugs spread, so he's trying to understand it from every possible angle.
"We're measuring the environment in the rooms, contact, biomarkers from blood, what they're shedding into the air," they say.
All the data will also help people design spaces to keep infections from spreading too easily and protect ourselves more effectively.
That's how they and their research staff can be around sick people all the time without getting infected themselves. They all got flu shots, and they installed a system that killed germs with ultraviolet light.
During their last flu study, it worked. "Not a single person on my research team got the flu that year. Even though we saw 156 people, some of whom were shedding up to 10 million copies per half hour of the virus, none of my people got sick."
They hope environmental measures like these could be used to fight bugs that are even worse than the flu.
"What about pandemics and what about new infections that come along? How can we defend against those?" Milton asks. "It is possible, even if it's airborne, to protect against it. We just need to understand how it works better."
The information they get from this study could, for example, lead to better ventilation systems that would make it harder for the flu and even more dangerous viruses to spread.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, local member stations and Kaiser Health News. Selena Simmons-Duffin is a producer at NPR's All Things Considered, currently on an exchange with Washington, D.C., member station WAMU.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scientists are on the verge of a breakthrough treatment for sight loss which could reverse the effects of age-related blindness.
Two patients suffering from the most common form of sight loss in the UK have successfully regained their reading vision - and boffins are hopeful that it could lead to an 'off-the-shelf' treatment in the next five years.
The groundbreaking clinical study saw a man in their early 80s and a woman in their early 60s received a new stem cell-based treatment for age-related macular degeneration (AMD), a condition which leads to a rapid loss of central vision.
It is the first time an engineered piece of tissue has been successfully used to treat people with sudden severe sight loss.
The study into AMD - a condition which affects more than 600,000 people in the UK - is a major milestone for the London Project to Cure Blindness.
(Image: Science Photo Library RM)
Researchers believe it could lead to an 'off-the-shelf' treatment within five years.
The study, published in the journal Nature Biotechnology, was the result of a partnership between Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, and the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR).
Professor Lyndon da Cruz, consultant ophthalmologist at Moorfields Eye Hospital, said: "The results suggest that this new therapeutic approach is safe and provides good visual outcomes.
"The patients who received the treatment had very severe AMD, and their improved vision will go some way to enhance their quality of life.
"We recognise that this is a small group of patients, but we hope that what we have learned from this study will benefit many more in the future."
(Image: PA)
The study investigated whether the diseased cells at the back of the patients' affected eye could be replenished using a stem cell patch.
A specially engineered surgical tool was used to insert the patch under the retina in the eye of each patient in an operation lasting one to two hours.
The patients - who went from not being able to read at all, even with glasses, to reading 60-80 words per minute with normal reading glasses - were monitored for 12 months and reported improvements to their vision.
Professor Pete Coffey, from the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, said: "This study represents real progress in regenerative medicine and opens the door on new treatment options for people with age-related macular degeneration.
"We hope this will lead to an affordable off-the-shelf therapy that could be made available to NHS patients within the next five years."
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The 2017 NBA Draft is still four months away, and a lot will happen to adjust this mock draft between now and then. The NBA trade deadline. The NCAA Tournament. The NBA playoffs. You'll recognize many of the names below from the 50 Best Players in College Basketball list. Last June, we took a way-too-early look at the 2017 NBA lottery.
1. Boston (via Brooklyn) – Lauri Markkanen, PF, Arizona
The guards in this class are incredible, but there's only one 7-foot sniper who could be the 2nd coming of Dirk Nowitzki. Markkanen is shooting 47 percent on 3-pointers, one of the greatest marks for a big man in college basketball history. Boston's got guards, wings, and defenders, and Markkanen could be the final piece to the puzzle. He's slumped the last few games as the team works Allonzo Trier back into the rotation, but last year at this time, they were suiting up for the Finland national team. Here's how much power Danny Ainge has – they could trade back a few spots, get more picks, and draft Markkanen. Four months out, I went Markkanen – the only unicorn in this draft – first with this in mind: If Boston makes a run in the East to the conference finals, is Danny Ainge moving on from Isaiah Thomas and busting up the backcourt? Ainge's last two first round picks (Rozier in 2016 and Jaylen Brown in 2016) were both mild surprises.
2. Phoenix – Markelle Fultz, PG, Washington
What do the Suns do? Three of their four best players are guards (Bledsoe, Booker, Knight). It feels like they've had a surfeit of guards for a few years now. No, I don't know what you do with Eric Bledsoe if you draft Fultz. Soon, you become the Celtics – loaded in one spot, devoid in many others (and without Brad Stevens and the playoffs appearances). Fultz (23.3 ppg, 6.0 rpg, 6.0 apg, 47/42), who compares favorably to Brandon Roy, will probably be your leader for Rookie of the Year.
3. LA Lakers – Lonzo Ball, PG, UCLA
This would be too perfect. Sure, they already have two lead guards in Russell and Clarkson, but getting a local star helps the fan base, and will certainly help Luke Walton's up-tempo offense. And neither of those guards has been dominant yet, and more than a few NBA people I've spoken with think Russell could be expendable this summer. But they only turns 21 this month, and it seems way too early to give up on him. Could you play Ball/Clarkson/Russell/Ingram/Randle? You may not get many rebounds, but offensively …
4. Orlando – Jonathan Isaac, F, Florida State
The Magic continue to go nowhere fast. Aaron Gordon is only 21, but still without position, Elfrid Payton is about to turn 23, which nearly matches their shooting percentage on 3-pointers. Nikola Vucevic can't play defense, and the Ibaka trade clears up a spot. Isaac (12.7 ppg, 7.7 rpg) is not yet a stretch four, and too thin (205 pounds) to play the five. Malik Monk could definitely be in play here, even though Orlando's leading scorer is 2-guard Evan Fournier (16.9 ppg).
5. Minnesota – Malik Monk, SG, Kentucky
Feels like they've been searching for a shooting guard for years. Have an elite young big man (Towns), elite young small forward (Wiggins), and they're in good shape at PG with Rubio/LaVine/Dunn. This would be the perfect pick.
6. Philadelphia – Jayson Tatum, F, Duke
Still many questions because we haven't seen Ben Simmons play yet. Can they run a team? Are they going to play point guard or point forward? They'd love it if Monk would fall here, because they need another shooter. Could you play Simmons and Tatum together? Josh Jackson is also a possibility. The 76ers remain (for now) frontcourt heavy with Embiid, Noel, Okafor and Saric.
7. New Orleans – De'Aaron Fox, PG, Kentucky
Another franchise running in quicksand. Do they pay to keep Jrue Holiday, or let them walk and get another UK guy in the building? The Pelicans are 27th in offensive efficiency, and a stabilizing presence at point guard would be a step in the right direction, though Fox doesn't instantly make them a playoff team, and the clock continues to tick on Anthony Davis.
8. Dallas – Josh Jackson, SF, Kansas
The list of Jayhawks forwards pegged for stardom in the NBA, only to struggle, is lengthy (McLemore, Diallo, Julian Wright, Thomas Robinson, Cliff Alexander, etc). I don't have as many concerns about Jackson (16.5 ppg), a smooth inside-outside player who should easily pack 10 pounds onto their slender 205-pound frame. The Mavs have needs all over the place, and this feels like a best-on-board pick, even though their best player now is probably SF Harrison Barnes (20.1 ppg).
9. New York – Dennis Smith, PG, NC State
One year after trading for a bouncy, 6-foot-3 point guard in Derrick Rose, the Knicks draft one in Dennis Smith. The first-year student leads the ACC in assists, is tied for 3rd in scoring (18.7 ppg) and shoots 38 percent on 3-pointers. This 32-point performance in Durham reminded me a little of Damian Lillard.
10. Portland – Jarrett Allen, C, Texas
The biggest 2016-2017 disappointment in the NBA is set in the backcourt, but has multiple unsettled spots in the frontcourt. The problem here are several players are locked in for two or more years (Allen Crabbe, Evan Turner, Meyers Leonard, Moe Harkless, Al-Farouq Aminu). For that reason, I believe the Blazers will be in the market to trade down a bit, or draft and stash. Allen is a promising first-year student (13.1 ppg, 8.5 rpg) who went for 22-19 against Kansas.
11. Miami – Miles Bridges, F, Michigan State
Pat Riley likes to collect pieces, and because the Spartans haven't been very good (yet?) and Bridges was briefly injured, they don't have the profile of other first-year student. Shoots 40% on 3's. What are they in the pros? Well, nobody knew what Draymond Green was going to be, either. Bridges reminds me of a more level-headed Michael Beasley. The Heat have done a lot of damage lately (13-game win streak) with 2015 lottery pick Justise Winslow out injured.
12. Chicago (via Sacramento) – Frank Ntilikina, PG, Belgium
The Bulls feel like a trade-up candidate, and would love to get their hands on Ntilikina to be their post-Rose point guard. They make the fewest 3-pointers per game of anyone in the league (6.4), and shoot the worst percentage (31%). What will happen with Jimmy Butler? They feel like the only untouchable player on this roster.
13. Charlotte – Harry Giles, F, Duke
I know there are major concerns about their health given the ACL injuries to both knees. He's 18 and has already had surgery on their knees three times. As a Carolina kid, there's still major value in their upside … if they can stay healthy.
14. Milwaukee – Luke Kennard, SG/SF, Duke
I'm still lukewarm about their NBA prospects because as good of a scorer as they are, wasn't Doug McDermott, too? He's struggled in Chicago for a variety of reasons. But the Bucks, who've seemed on the verge of a breakthrough for a few seasons now, could use a shooter. They're only making 8.6 3's a game, 23rd in the NBA.
15. Denver – OG Anunoby, F, Indiana
16. Detroit – TJ Leaf, PF, UCLA
17. Chicago – Ivan Rabb, PF, California
18. Indiana – Justin Patton, C, Creighton
19. Oklahoma City – Tyler Lydon, F, Syracuse
20. Toronto – Justin Jackson, SF, UNC
21. Atlanta – Bam Adebayo, C, Kentucky
22. Portland (via Memphis) – Robert Williams, F/C, Texas A&M
23. Utah – Rodions Kurucs, F, Latvia
24. Washington – Thomas Bryant, C, Indiana
25. Orlando (via LA Clippers) – Josh Hart, G/F, Villanova
26. Brooklyn (via Boston) – Bennie Boatwright, F, USC
27. Houston – Obi Enechionyia, F, Temple
28. Portland (via Cleveland) – Isaiah Hartenstein, PF, Germany
29. San Antonio – Caleb Swanigan, PF/C, Purdue
30. Utah (via Golden State) – Dillon Brooks, F, Oregon
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marks found on Gloucester baby Ah'Kiell Walker's body suggested they might have been sexually abused before they died, a court has heard.
The view about what might have happened to the three-month-old before they died in hospital on July 31 2016, came at the trial of their mother and father in Bristol Crown Court.
Hannah Henry, 22, of Archdeacon Street, Gloucester and Alistair Walker, 27, of Sheldon Court, London deny manslaughter, causing or allowing the death of Ah'Kiell Walker and cruelty to a person under 16.
Their trial is in its third week and today the jury heard details of a report from Dr Woodbridge, a paediatrician at Southmead Hospital.
It was presented to Walker by police in the third of four recorded interviews they had with him, which was shown to the jury.
Dr Woodbridge said in the report there were abrasions on the baby's genital area and their bottom.
“I would not expect to find those abrasions on a baby of this age," they said.
"I would not expect any normal nappy change to cause those injuries.
"I therefore think it's possible that the baby had been sexually abused.”
Walker told the police: “Now you're talking crazy.”
The officers continued, saying Dr Woodbridge found Ah'Kiell's injuries to be “highly suspicious”.
They said that even if a cotton bud had been used to help Ah'Kiell go to the toilet, as Walker had said was the case, they would not have expected to find the marks.
In response Walker said they had used their fingers and thumbs on their son's bottom to try to help them to go to toilet.
Responding to the suggestion of possible sexual abuse, they said: “It's all making it sound dodgy.
"They're making up stories. Where do we stand? It's bollocks man.”
Earlier the court heard, through another police interview with Walker, what they said happened before paramedics were called to the incident that preceded Ah'Kiell's death.
They described how they found the baby to be “pale” and “limp”.
Then when they saw a small amount of blood coming from their son's nostril, they panicked and wondered if they were dying.
Walker said they did two or three CPR compressions on their chest and sucked some of Ah'Kiell's blood up with their mouth, before paramedics arrived and took over.
They said: “Because they looked pale, I picked them up and they were limp. I said ‘Ah'Kiell, Ah'Kiell, wake up'.
“I said to Hannah ‘He's not breathing.'
“Frothy blood was coming from their nose. I started panicking and called the ambulance.”
The court was shown another police interview with Walker, this time after Ah'Kiell had died.
Officers asked them if something had gone wrong when Henry had washed Ah'Kiell in the bath. They asked them why paramedics found Ah'Kiell couldn't breathe because their lungs were full of water.
Walker said they did not know, suggesting that it might have been water that they had drunk.
They seemed agitated, claiming the paramedics made their son's condition worse and being unhappy with the police for implying they and Henry had caused Ah'Kiell's death.
The jury watched the fourth and final police interview with Walker.
They told them there had been a row between them and Henry that led to the police being called but they said officers left after checking that everything was okay.
Asked if there had been violence in the relationship, they said it had been nothing more than them punching a door or a wall.
Asked again why they and Henry had not taken Ah'Kiell to see a doctor over their constipation, they said: “Some of the remedies did work...we weren't that worried.”
They added they and Henry didn't trust Gloucestershire doctors and feared the authorities wanted to take children away from their parents in the county.
The court watched short video clips of Ah'Kiell, taken from the mobile phones of Walker and Henry after they were seized by the police.
Henry, watching on from the dock, appeared to be crying when some of the footage was shown.
It included the baby trying to crawl, smiling and being shown a toy.
Today's session ended with an officer in the case, DC Sophie Ferguson, being cross-examined by Henry and Walker's legal representatives.
DC Ferguson conceded internet searches about a baby's broken ribs had been found on Walker's mobile phone and not Henry's as had been previously stated.
The trial continues.
Vulnerable Rural Hospitals Face Tough Decisions On Questionable Billing Schemes
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Margolies/KCUR Dan Margolies/KCUR
The only hospital serving the community of rural Callaway County, Mo. — Fulton Medical Center — was set to shut down last September. When staff arrived one afternoon for a potluck goodbye party, they were met with an unexpected guest, Jorge Perez, a management consultant from Florida. They announced he'd just bought the hospital, and planned to keep it open.
When Perez spoke about the takeover four days later to a packed city council chambers in Fulton, Mo., they got a standing ovation.
"We travel all over the country and we see the same thing we see here in Fulton: a town that's fighting to keep their hospital," Perez told the crowd.
Rural hospitals, such as Fulton Medical, serve as a lifeline for health care and jobs in small towns, but they face dwindling revenues. Eighty-five of them have closed down in the last eight years and nearly 700 more, about one-third of the facilities, are at risk of closing.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bram Sable-Smith/KBIA/Side Effects Public Media Bram Sable-Smith/KBIA/Side Effects Public Media
Yet despite their typically slim operating margins, Perez has been buying them. They and their business partners own or manage nearly 20 rural hospitals in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Florida and elsewhere. By the end of this year, they say, they want to own 50 of them. A serial entrepreneur with a background in IT, he's known for coming in to rural hospitals on the brink of closure with a promise to turn them around.
"Part of our secret sauce is that we will bring in new services that didn't exist before," Perez said in an interview following the event in Fulton last September.
But an investigation by NPR and its reporting partners uncovered a pattern of controversial business practices by management companies with ties to Perez, which can lead to big profits for the management companies, but high risks for vulnerable hospitals.
'A shell company'
Two and half hours drive north of Fulton, another Missouri rural hospital was nearing closure when one of Perez's companies stepped in.
Putnam County Memorial hospital, a 25-bed critical access hospital, in Unionville, Mo. had struggled to stay in business for several years. It had scrambled back from the brink of bankruptcy in 2011, but budgets were still tight.
Then in September 2016, Florida-based management company, Hospital Partners Inc., which Perez co-owns, took over operation of the hospital. David Byrns, co-owner of Hospital Partners, became Putnam County Memorial's CEO.
The new management had dramatic effects on the hospital's finances, according to a report from the Missouri state auditor. In six months, Putnam Memorial generated $92 million in revenue. By comparison, the audit reported, the hospital had generated just $7.5 million the year before.
But little of that revenue was staying with the hospital, according to Missouri auditor Nicole Galloway's August 2017 audit report. "It appears that Putnam County Memorial Hospital is being used as a shell company for questionable lab activity that's occurring across the country," Galloway said in an interview after releasing the audit.
According to Galloway's report, Putnam hospital had started acting as a reference lab, and billing insurance for tests, including many performed elsewhere.
Here's how the hospital's new management appear to have managed its turnaround, according to documents and hospital and court records NPR obtained:
Within days of Hospital Partners' takeover of Putnam County Memorial, a completely separate company with ties to Byrns and Perez — Hospital Laboratory Partners — was incorporated in Florida, according to the auditor's report and claims in court records. This new lab company started billing insurers for tests through Putnam County Memorial hospital.
Many hospitals have in-house laboratories to test specimens, such as blood or urine samples. But some tests are sent to specialized reference laboratories.
"It's a common practice," says Tommy Barnhart, a health care consultant who focuses on rural health.
The reference lab will bill the hospital at a negotiated rate, and then the hospital turns around and bills the patient's insurance. "The hospital can charge whatever," Barnhart says.
The audit questioned the propriety of the lab billings at Putnam. It noted that 80 percent of the revenue did not stay in the hospital's coffers: It went to private lab companies —some with ties to Perez—such as Hospital Laboratory Partners.
"Based on our review of hospital accounts, the vast majority of laboratory billings are for out-of-state lab activity for individuals who are not patients of hospital physicians," Galloway wrote in the audit.
A public records request of the hospital revealed that between November 2016 and March 2017, Putnam County Memorial paid for over $26 million to Hospital Laboratory Partners alone.
There's another way that Perez and Byrn's companies profited from their relationship with the hospital. Galloway noted in the audit that, during the same time period, Putnam Memorial contracted with a billing company that received 6 percent of the revenue generated by the lab program.
A public records request showed Florida-based software and billings company Empower H.I.S. LLC was paid $11.8 million by the hospital between November 2016 and March 2017. Empower was registered in 2014 by Perez.
In a press release announcing the audit, Galloway stated that they had turned their findings over to criminal authorities. U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill has called for a federal investigation into the billing arrangements, and the Missouri Attorney General's office confirmed in a statement that it's actively investigating the matter as well.
A financial lifeline
In an interview at their Kansas City offices, Perez dismissed concerns about the lab billing arrangement, saying they run similar programs at some of their other hospitals. They argued that the arrangements are legal — that there are even books on how to structure them (NPR located one such book, The Profit Machine in the Hospital Basement, published in 2016).
Perez strongly defended the practice as a desperately needed lifeline for struggling community hospitals. "The only other opportunity this hospital had to survive was to put [together] a lab outreach program," Perez said of Putnam County Memorial in an interview.
Following release of Galloway's audit, Hospital Partners issued a statement saying that since taking over the hospital's operations, it had paid off $6 million of the hospital's debts.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bram Sable-Smith/KBIA/Side Effects Public Media Bram Sable-Smith/KBIA/Side Effects Public Media
Lab billing programs can sometimes be money-makers for small rural hospitals such as Putnam County Memorial — and others around the country that are trying the same strategy. Insurance companies typically cut small hospitals a deal, paying them at higher rates than other hospitals, says Michigan health care attorney Brian Bauer who advises hospitals on legal and financial matters.
Bauer says they have seen several similar lab billing arrangements in the past two years. They say that while they may be legal, there's a catch.
When insurance companies make these deals with rural hospitals, they said, they aren't anticipating a high-volume lab program, which can generate up to tens of millions of dollars a year.
"It's not uncommon to have one or more of the insurance companies come back and say, 'this is not what we agreed to'," Bauer says.
And that can be bad news for hospitals.
Legal repercussions
In Georgia, several insurance companies are suing Perez and others, seeking to recoup more than $111 million from a similar lab arrangement at a rural hospital there. That small hospital — which has the only emergency room in Lumpkin County, Georgia — is named as a defendant in the lawsuit. Perez and the hospital have asked the court to dismiss the case.
Perez is also named in a $60 million lawsuit filed by insurers in Missouri in April over the billing arrangement in Putnam County. The county's hospital is not a defendant in that lawsuit.
In addition to the lawsuit in Georgia, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Oklahoma said it would no longer include four rural hospitals in its network based on its concerns about their "questionable" lab billing practices. Those hospitals had been taken over by another company tied to Perez.
In March, the board of directors at Putnam County Memorial Hospital in Unionville, Mo., ousted Perez and their team. That move has triggered a lawsuit by Perez's company, Hospital Partners Inc., which claims it was illegally driven out and is seeking $2 million in damages from the hospital's board of trustees and Missouri State Auditor Nicole Galloway, who issued the audit of the hospital back in August.
The question of whether Putnam County Memorial Hospital will be able to keep its doors open without Perez and their billing program remains unanswered. It's a reminder of the stakes for small communities like Putnam County, Mo., as well rural communities across America.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, Side Effects Public Media, KBIA, KCUR and Kaiser Health News.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young child swallowed coins after copying an advert for Go Compare featuring a cash-eating monster.
The TV commercial shows a woman shocked to find the small Monster Bill eating cash from their neighbour's purse.
The neighbour explains that the monster was their home insurance bill, to which the woman exclaims: "It's eating all your money."
A parent, who said their four-year-old child swallowed coins after watching the ad, complained that it could encourage emulation by younger children.
(Image: PA)
GoCompare said that while there was a clear difference between swallowing coins and Monster Bill's eating of fake paper money, it was concerned by the complainant's experience and "would never wish for that to happen".
It said it would apply a restriction to prevent the ad from screening during or adjacent to programmes commissioned for, principally directed at or likely to appeal to children under 16.
Ad clearance agency Clearcast said that while the eating of paper money was not to be recommended, any potential harm could not be compared to the swallowing of coins, adding that as eating paper was not especially harmful it did not see the need to impose a timing restriction on the ad.
(Image: PA)
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said it was concerned that the ad might encourage young children to attempt to swallow money themselves, which was "a dangerous practice to emulate".
"As such, while we acknowledged that the ad was suitable for older children, there was a risk that the ad would cause harm to younger children," it said.
It ruled that the ad must not be broadcast again in its current form before 7.30pm.
A GoCompare spokesperson said: "Our advert featuring Monster Bill was never designed to appeal to children, and while we believe it is unlikely that the advert would influence a child to copy the character, we understand the concern and are happy to apply the 7.30pm time restriction."
Mumbai: Hospitality chain Lemon Tree Hotels on Tuesday said it has fixed price band between Rs 54 and Rs 56 per equity share for its initial public offer to raise around Rs 1,040 crore.
Lemon Tree Hotels' public offer comprises sale of up to 185,479,400 equity shares by the existing shareholders, including Maplewood, Whispering Resorts, Palms International and RJ Corp. The issue will open on March 26 and close on March 28.
Lemon Tree, currently the leader in terms of controlling interest in owned and leased rooms has operations spread across the value chain and range from acquiring land to owning, leasing, developing, managing and marketing hotels.
The company has 45 hotels with 4,4,700 rooms in 28 cities. It has a portfolio of 19 owned-hotels, three owned-hotels are located on leased or licensed land, five leased hotels and 18 rpt 18 managed hotels, a company statement said.
Founded in 2002 by Patu Keswani, the company has hotels under three brands - Lemon Tree Premier, which is an upscale brand; Lemon Tree Resorts, a leisure segment brand; Lemon Tree Hotels, a midscale brand and the economy brand Red Fox Hotels.
Kotak Mahindra Capital Company, CLSA India, JP Morgan India and Yes Securities will manage the company's public issue. The equity shares are proposed to be listed on the BSE and the National Stock Exchange.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey man who sought to perform sex acts with someone they thought was a 13-year-old girl is now headed to prison.
Robert Elmi received a three-year sentence Friday and must register as a sex offender. The 64-year-old Gilette man had pleaded guilty in January to luring.
Authorities say Elmi placed an online ad soliciting a relationship with a younger female. An undercover state police detective responded, posing as a girl and indicating to Elmi that they were 13.
Elmi communicated with the "girl" for several weeks via text and email, ultimately arranging to meet them in November at a Union County diner where they were arrested. They had told the "girl" they would take them back to their apartment, where they would perform sex acts on each other.
ADVERTISEMENT
The end of 2016 has not been a sunny time for climate activists.
As the Trump administration takes shape, it has become crystal clear that the president-elect's climate change denialism will soon become de facto U.S. policy. And Trump will not only have many options for rolling back the progress President Obama made to curb carbon emissions, they already are putting in place the personnel to do it. Trump's proposed picks include: for head of the EPA, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, who is currently suing the agency; for secretary of the interior, Rep. Ryan Zinke (R-Mont.), who despite their support for protecting public lands, is lukewarm on climate issues; and, for state department secretary — the face of the United States in international climate negotiations — Rex Tillerson, the CEO of ExxonMobil who is locked in a battle with the descendants of the oil company's founder over its role in distorting the evidence of climate change.
Not all of the news is this bleak, however. As the year ends, there are some pockets of optimism:
1. Other nations are not waiting for the U.S.
The international community is not content to wait on a United States that looks increasingly likely to backslide on its climate commitments. China has become more active in projecting its leadership on the issues (for better or worse) and will soon begin to implement a nationwide cap-and-trade system. Canada is paving the way for a national carbon tax. India has inaugurated the world's largest solar power plant and may not build new coal plants after 2022. An auction in Chile in August generated the lowest bid price for solar power ever. From its dedication to phasing out fossil fuels to providing diplomatic momentum for climate talks, South America offers some promise in what looks like an increasingly dark time.
2. U.S. states and cities aren't giving up the fight either.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) energized a lot of people with a fiery speech at the American Geophysical Union, declaring their state will pick up where the federal government leaves off: "If Trump turns off the satellites, California will launch its own damn satellite." California has long been a leader on climate issues, creating its own cap-and-trade program and creating a policy environment to allow for the aggressive expansion of renewables. And their state is not alone. States and cities across the country are working under the assumption that climate change is real and policies need to adjust accordingly. Rhode Island just debuted the first offshore wind farm, in what is being billed as yet another example of the declining cost of renewables.
3. Public opinion is on the side of action.
Though Trump is not exactly eager to admit it, they lost the popular vote by an historic margin. While climate change may not have been the driving force behind that rejection, there is a strong foundation of public support for doing something about it. According to Gallup polling, Americans entered the presidential election period more worried about climate change than at any other point in the previous eight years. Seventy-one percent of Americans believe the country should continue to participate in the Paris Agreements, including a majority of Republicans. While a Trump administration could chip away at that level of support, it would be an uphill climb to erase it completely.
4. Even the most fossil fuel-dependent entities are starting to plan for a less-carbon intensive future.
In November, Royal Dutch Shell speculated that the world's demand for oil would peak within the next five to 15 years. In anticipation, Shell is expanding its work in natural gas, biofuels, and hydrogen fuel, lest it lose either market value or its competitive edge from stranded carbon assets (fossil fuels it owns but cannot burn). Even Saudi Arabia, a kingdom built on decades of oil revenue, realizes its future is in diversifying its economy. While it will be a long time before we can judge the success of these reforms, the fact that they are being put forward is noteworthy in of itself.
The state of international climate action faces a period of serious uncertainty beginning in January 2017. It will be a tall order for the rest of the world to counterbalance a U.S. retreat from responsibility — but we're already starting to see that it's possible.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan McKenna and Mike Thalassitis have confirmed their split - two months after going public with their romance.
The news comes just three days after Mike shared a loved-up snap of them and Megan on holiday with a padlock as the caption.
But sadly the Love Island hunk didn't have their TOWIE babe under lock and key after all, as they've gone their separate ways.
There had been rumours things had gone awry for the good-looking pair after Megan deleted all trace of Mike from their social media accounts.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram/mike_thala)
Representatives then confirmed the reports were true on Tuesday, though the reason for the break-up has yet to be revealed.
The pair enjoyed a whirlwind romance, that started back in February when they jetted off on a romantic break to Amsterdam together.
The reality TV stars did their best to keep their blossoming relationship under wraps while Mike appeared on E4's Celebs Go Dating, but were rumbled when an eagle-eyed fan spotted them arriving at a hotel together in the middle of the day.
But after 'Muggy' Mike's time on the show was over, the pair were free to go public with their romance in a massive way - packing on the PDA's as they enjoyed a string of sunshine breaks.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
Megan McKenna has been 'secretly dating muggy Mike Thalassitis for MONTHS' as they're spotted on Valentine's trip to Amsterdam
Despite the recent trouble in their love life, Megan still has something to look forward to as they revealed as the support act for Michael Buble at their British Summertime gig in July.
A very excited Megan confirmed the news on Twitter, telling them fans: "BRITISH SUMMER TIME @ HYDE PARK 13th July can't come soon enough!!!"
2017 America's Cup - AC50's to make a return to Bermuda?
Oracle Team USA - 35th America's Cup Match - Race 4 - Bermuda June 18, 2017 © BMW | Studio Borlenghi Oracle Team USA - 35th America's Cup Match - Race 4 - Bermuda June 18, 2017 © BMW | Studio Borlenghi
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/157817
by Richard Gladwell, Sail-World.com NZ today at 10:15 pmSailing reporter and 2017 America's Cup correspondent, Colin Thompson writes:For the rest of this story click here With the exception of Emirates Team New Zealand all team bases are currently still in Bermuda, whether they still contain AC50's is another matter.With close to 20 boats of the AC50 or its smaller sister the AC45S in storage it seems hard to believe that with the shift to monohulls in the America's Cup that some regatta circuit would not be established using the boats which caught the imagination of the younger sailing fans at least.In addition a smaller fleet of AC45F - one designs used for the America's Cup World Series is still in storage - waiting for a circuit. An annual regatta using that class was mooted for San Francisco, without further announcement.
A day after violent clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters in Virginia, tensions were high during two opposing protests in Seattle.
The demonstrations had already been planned before Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The right-wing Portland-area group Patriot Prayer had called a pro-Trump rally in Westlake Park. In opposition, the Greater Seattle IWW General Defense Committee called a “Solidarity Against Hate” counter-protest in Denny Park.
That anti-fascist demonstration drew a huge crowd, many of whom were mobilized by Saturday's deadly incidents in Virginia. Some came in t-shirts and Birkenstocks. Others wore head-to-toe black, including face masks.
Casey Strapp said he's been wanting to get involved since the presidential election. The events in Charlottesville were the last straw.
“I'm a little angry that people even need to be out here protesting this because the idiocy has gotten to this point in this country where we need to spend our time fighting this instead of doing more productive things to benefit society. It's just awful,” Strapp said.
Meanwhile, at the right-wing rally, some demonstrators wore matching "Make America Great Again" hats. Others dressed in military-style fatigues, combat boots and helmets.
Chris R., who asked to use only their last initial, heads the Seattle-area group The Cascade Legion. They said the organizing group, Patriot Prayer, stands for Christianity, free speech and opposes white nationalism.
“Though if people were to come here and espouse white nationalist views, I think people, especially people opposed to white nationalism, have a duty to come here and listen to those arguments so they have the opportunity to debate them,” Chris R. said.
The anti-fascist protestors had planned to march to Westlake to face off against the right-wing demonstrators, but police stopped the march several blocks before Westlake Park to prevent a confrontation.
Police made at least one arrest and sprayed some protestors with pepper spray.
Some anti-fascist protesters made it to Westlake, and there were some arguments between the groups, but most in the anti-fascist group turned around and returned to Denny Park – many fuming at the police interference.
Copyright 2017 KUOW
Plans to build 150 new homes in Hatton Park were due to be heard tonight (Tuesday) but have been withdrawn.
Taylor Wimpey, who have submitted the application, want to build 150 homes on land to the north of Birmingham Road.
The plans were due to go before Warwick District Council's planning committee tonight.
This is the second time that the plans have been withdrawn from a planning committee meeting agenda. The plans were also set to go before the planning committee on March 27 but they were removed from the agenda at the request of the developer.
It has been recommended by planning officers that councillors approve the plans.
On the planning portal the plans received 58 letters of objection.
The site has been identified for housing development in the Warwick District Local Plan, which was formally adopted in September 2017.
To view the plans search W/17/2415 on the planning portal.
Rome, July 4 - Anti-mafia and pro-migrant writer Roberto Saviano said Wednesday that Italy was funding "torturers" by financing the Libyan coast guard. "Funding the Libyan coast guard, which according to UNHCR coincides with people traffickers, means fomenting the traffic and not stopping it," they said. "It means funding torturers". Saviano, who has accused the government of responsibility for recent migrant drownings, said "you will have no help from me: I will never be your accomplice".
PESHAWAR: The death toll in a suicide bombing at an army camp in northwestern Pakistan on Saturday has risen to 11, the military said.
An officer was among those who died in the bombing, which left 13 injured and was claimed by the Pakistani Taliban in an email to journalists.
The attacker targeted an army unit's sports area in the Kabal area of the Swat Valley, the military's media wing said in a statement.
A security official who asked not to be identified said the suicide bomber blew themselves up as soldiers were playing a volleyball match that was being watched by a number of local civilians.
loading...
Monrovia - Martha, a vegetable vendor at Waterside Market, has an upset stomach.
Report by Bettie K. Johnson Mbayo, This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
So, grimacing, they signal a man who sells medicine from a transparent plastic bucket.
They give them tablets of metronidazole (Flagyl), a prescription-only antibiotic.
Drug peddlers, hawking everything from cough syrups to powerful painkillers, antibiotics, and syrups are easy to find in this market.
“We buy most of the medicines here, unless you have a very serious sickness,” Martha says.
“Issues like stomach upset, headache or general pain, you just buy the medicines here.”
On the other side of the market, makeshift stalls display roots, sticks, tree bark and powders unregulated traditional remedies sold by traditional healers.
Signboards announce cures for various ailments, from sexually transmitted diseases to high blood pressure.
The open sale of drugs both traditional and pharmaceutical by unregistered outlets is a major concern in Liberia.
A constant shortage of medicines in government hospitals and clinics has stimulated the growth of informal drug markets all over the country.
Meanwhile, the sale of traditional medicine, which often comes in the form of unprocessed roots, leaves and other products, is completely unregulated.
It is not hard to find one of Liberia's roving drug salespersons Roland has a spot just a few kilometers near the police checkpoint Waterside, Monrovia, where FPA reporter met him. They wore a backpack along with a bucket where they were instructing their small brother who is to run the table tablet business.
Both backpack and bucket were full of unmarked plastic bags of pills that they said were painkillers and malaria drugs. Roland said this is not what they had in mind for their life when they graduated from university.
They currently have a BSc in Biology and Chemistry from the Mother Pattern College of Health Science. "How does the government expect us to survive when there is no job? So I do this, moving from villages and towns and sell these drugs to the people," Roland explained.
"At least we are helping government. Some of the places we go, there are no health facilities. So I think we are a help." But it is a crime to sell medicines in the street without a license. Inspectors from Liberia's Pharmaceutical Board have been combing the countryside looking for drug peddlers like Roland this year. Chief Pharmacist of Liberia Reverend Tijli Tarty Tyee Sr. said the pills and treatments these peddlers sell are expired, damaged by sun or humidity, or just fake. "Medicines sold in this manner will not have the basic ingredients that will bring about cures and as a result of that," Tyee explained, "people taking the medicines, there is a potential of having microbial resistance to the medicines. When we have resistance to our imported medication, then we are in a very serious, serious situation." They said they understand that people need medicines and they need them cheap. "They want to have a shortcut in getting medicines but that shortcut is dangerous to them but this is a global problem that needs to be tackled," Tyee said.
The selling of traditional medicines is common in Liberia, but government regulators are unable to control the industry. Medical experts say traditional medicines can cause health problems.
Liberia Medicine Health Regulatory Authority, a subsidiary of the Ministry of Health is mandated to ensure the quality, safety and efficacy of medicines and health products used in Liberia but unapproved drugs are still widely available.
Currently Liberia has more than 150 pharmacists and over 300 pharmacies in the country.
The LMHRA though have pointed out the ABEER pharmacy as high risk pharmacy for expired and fake drugs (an Indian Owned) but it is still operating with over five substations in Liberia.
In communities there are drugstores and vendors usually operate them illegally or without trained medical personnel, mostly in slum communities.
We buy most of the medicines here, unless you have a very serious ailment. Issues like stomach upset, headache or general pain, you just buy the medicines here. Gomah, a hair stylist who buys prescription-only drugs from informal vendors
Occasionally, LMHRA carries out sweeps in partnership with the police to rid the market of illegal drugs. Sometimes, traders are let off with a warning.
Repeat offenders are arrested but no prosecution yet for those caught including selling drugs without a license, selling prescription-only drugs to people without prescriptions and selling unapproved drugs.
The chief pharmacist told FPA that budgetary constraints remain a problem in enforcement to curb the drugs entering the country illegally. Right now, LMHRA solely rely on the custom officers to curb the import of counterfeit or fake drugs, they say.
Slipway residents say a lack of medicines in government hospitals pushes them to seek traditional remedies or buy medicines from street peddlers. That's faster than going through formal pharmacies or clinics, they say.
This community with over 10,000 inhabitants has only a clinic and no pharmacy, but a lone drugstore.
“All you get from a clinic or hospital is a prescription,” Charles Brown says. “So why waste my time when I can simply buy the medication anywhere?”
An inconsistent supply of essential pharmaceuticals and medical supplies has been a problem for a long time.
Recently, delegates from the ECOWAS Parliament Joint Committee on Health and Social Service, Trade, Customs and Free Movement were in Liberia attending a week-long meeting to discuss ECOWAS policy on the fight against Counterfeit Medical Products and expired Products and how Parliamentarians can contribute toward implementing and improving the policy.
Liberia's House Speaker Emmanuel Nuquay, called for tougher punishment against individuals bent on polluting countries in Africa with counterfeit medicines to provide economic empowerment for their citizens to alleviate poverty and illiteracy in their region.
The Speaker said survey conducted in 2008 by the West African Regional Health Program, states that the trade of counterfeit medicines in Liberia stands at 60%.
Quoting the same report, the Speaker named; Nigeria and Ghana as the Major hubs for counterfeit medicines, and Guinea serves as the conduit for counterfeit and illegal medicines entering Liberia through border in Ganta, Nimba County.
A 2013 government report attributed that to inadequate funding, weak regulatory framework and weaknesses in the procurement, distribution logistics and storage management systems.
Abraham Dorley an herbalist says more regulation will help ensure that fake or untrained herbalists don't sell traditional medicines.
Meanwhile, the street-side sale of drugs is a booming business.
Mathews, a trader who sells medicines in Slipway, downtown Monrovia, says the drugs are in high demand.
“People get sick every day, and most of them say there are no medicines in clinics,” says Matthew, who doesn't have any sort of license to sell the medicines.
Matthew says they only sells painkillers, syrups and prescription drugs. They know that it's illegal to sell the drugs on the street but says he's never been arrested.
The lack of regulation of traditional remedies is a separate, but equally serious, problem.
Also the Liberian Drugs Enforcement Agency (LDEA) arrested a huge quantity of expired pharmaceutical drugs in Monrovia following a tip-off.
The expired drugs, according to the LDEA, were discovered and arrested in an unfinished building in the Johnsonville Community outside Monrovia.
The number of drugs arrested was 75 cartons of several types of expired and counterfeit drugs such as; Vermox, HIV test kit, Amodiaquine, Septrin, Gentamycin, paracetamol, and sterilized water.
Three races begin Half Ton Classics Cup but no runaway leaders
Euro Car Parks Half Ton Classics Cup at Kinsale © David Branigan / OceanSport Euro Car Parks Half Ton Classics Cup at Kinsale © David Branigan / OceanSport
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156424
by Half-Ton Class Association today at 7:36 pmAlthough Phil Plumtree's two-times past champion Swuzzlebubble had impressive leads on the water, IRC handicapping greatly levelled the playing-field and the iconic Kiwi yacht by designer Bruce Farr could only muster a win in the opening race before scoring second and eighth places for the rest of the day and lies third overall.In contrast, Biggs had two fourth places and a second while Paul Pullen's Miss Whiplash had a 3-3-4 day and only missed being overnight leader on the tie-break with Checkmate XVIII.Of the host nation, a win in the third race for Howth Yacht Club's Michael and Ritchie Evans on The Big Picture neatly transformed their day after earlier sixth and fifth places. Fourth overall puts them two points ahead of their clubmate David Cullen on Checkmate XV who also had a race win to counter and eighth and a fifth during the day.“Before the first race, I thought it would be easy to pick the eventual winner but after today I'm not so sure,” Cullen said. “The standard is definitely much higher and probably the most competitive half-ton fleet we have seen in years.”Of the conditions, the only dryness were the remarks by visitors of the irony that the committee boat's name is ‘Irish Mist' on a soaking wet day with a moderate breeze that built to 20 knots by the final race. Principal Race Officer Anthony O'Leary promised quick windward-leeward races of under an hour and a 0.8-mile beat ensured a fast programme.The prospect of clear skies and breeze for Day 2 will see another three windward-leeward races in place of the planned coastal race as near gale conditions forecast for Wednesday may disrupt the event programme.The fleet has been reduced by one boat as Superhero by owned Toni Stoschek and Janne Tulokas was dismasted in race two. The class had previously rallied to ensure Finnish crew would make the start-line after their original mast was wrecked when a HGV reversed into it while waiting to board a ferry in Holyhead.The Half Ton spirit is especially in the mind of class President Philippe Pilatte of General Tapioca, currently lying seventh overall. “With a good team and good sails, it is possible to race a 40-year old boat competitively,” they said. “It's all part of the history of yacht racing and keeping it alive; it is ‘competition with roots.'” Feeding back information to the IRC Rating office to help older boats remain competitive with modern designs is also a class priority.1 Checkmate XVIII Nigel Biggs (UK)2 Miss Whiplash Paul Pullen (UK)3 Swuzzlebubble Phil Plumtree (UK)4 The Big Picture Michael and Richard Evans (Ireland)5 Checkmate XV Dave Cullen (Ireland)6 Headhunter Paul Wayte (UK)
New Delhi: Google on Monday launched voice search support for eight additional languages spoken in India, allowing people to use their voice to dictate queries both in Gboard on Android and in Search through the Google App.
The languages are Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu.
In order to perform a voice-based search, users will need to set their language in the "Voice" settings menu in Google app, the company said in a statement.
The new language support will also enhance voice typing on Gboard, helping users to respond to emails on the go and send texts within messaging apps.
To enable "Voice Typing", users can install Gboard from the Play Store and choose their language from the "Settings". Then all it takes is tapping the microphone to start speaking.
Voice search in these new languages will be available in Google Search on iOS as well.
These new languages will also be made available in the "Cloud Speech API" and will soon be extended to other Google apps and products, including the "Translate" app.
Earlier this year, Google had launched a set of new products and features to help create more language content and better serve the needs of new users coming online.
Google`s speech recognition now supports 119 languages in Gboard on Android, Voice Search and more.
Rep. Rick Crawford Of House Intelligence Committee Discusses Decision To Release Memo
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks to Rep. Rick Crawford, R-Ark., of the House Intelligence Committee about the decision to release the memo authored by Devin Nunes on the beginnings of the Russia investigation.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
We are following reaction today to the release of the House Intelligence Committee memo detailing concerns over the early stages of the Russia investigation. And we're going to talk now with a member of that House Intelligence Committee who voted in favor of making the memo public - Republican Rick Crawford of Arkansas. He's with us now from Memphis. Congressman, thanks so much for taking the time.
RICK CRAWFORD: Thank you.
KELLY: Start by telling me whose idea it was to write this memo in the first place. How'd it come to be?
CRAWFORD: You know, what we had was sort of a sense of frustration among, at least on our side of the aisle - with some of the irregularities that had been brought to our attention with regard to the action taken by DOJ officials and some FBI officials regarding the issuing and - the request for and issuing these FISA warrants.
KELLY: And why did you feel it was necessary for this memo to become public? What's in there that you feel it's critical for Americans to know?
CRAWFORD: Well, I think what we - the first step that we did was we went into a business meeting, the committee, and discussed bringing this memo to the attention of the whole House. And we passed that. Obviously, it was a party-line vote. The Democrats did not want to allow for the entire House to read the memo. And it built from there in that the conference thought it was necessary to present this...
KELLY: And why? What is in there that you feel the public absolutely has to know to understand what's going on?
CRAWFORD: Congress has a mandate to exercise oversight over federal agencies. That's what we do. And so it really doesn't matter if you're the DOJ or the FBI. You should not be exempt from that oversight. And so this was something that we needed to bring to the attention certainly of our colleagues, but the overwhelming sentiment was that the American people needed to know what the chief law enforcement agencies in the country were doing.
KELLY: Why not release the Democrats' - the Democratic version of their memo at the same time if you're doing this for the sake of letting Americans have information and make up their own minds?
CRAWFORD: Well, I'm not sure that the sequencing has much to do with anything. I think what you're going to see - and I think that we will see that. In fact, it was Chairman Nunes who made the motion to release the Democrat memo to the whole House.
KELLY: So you wouldn't oppose that. You wouldn't oppose their version coming out as well.
CRAWFORD: I don't oppose that. In fact, I voted in the affirmative to see that it was released to the whole House. However, it has to go through the same scrutiny that ours did to make sure that there are no sources and methods revealed so that we don't compromise national security. And so I would encourage members of the House - and it has been released to the members of the House - I would encourage every member of the House to go down and read it and compare and contrast and draw your own conclusions.
KELLY: Last thing, member of congress - I want to let you respond directly to the criticism raised by the FBI. The FBI says it has grave concerns about this memo that it leaves out key facts. Is the FBI wrong?
CRAWFORD: I believe they are. And I - but I do share their understanding or at least understand where they're coming from, why they would have grave concerns, because when the American people view this memo it's going to reflect poorly on the FBI and certain individuals in the DOJ. And let me say...
KELLY: But the FBI's statement - that wasn't the context. It was grave concerns about the content of this memo.
CRAWFORD: That may not have been their context. But I'm going to tell you that, yes, if I were one of those individuals, I'd be concerned, too. But let me say, too, for the record that the FBI is by and large a stellar organization. And those folks that are protecting us and doing the work that - the underappreciated work that they're doing, they need to be protected. And those leaders have failed them in that. And so this is not about the FBI. This is about a handful of individuals at the highest levels that are not acting in the best interests of the FBI or the American people.
KELLY: Representative Rick Crawford of Arkansas, Republican member of the House Intelligence Committee. Congressman, thanks again for your time.
CRAWFORD: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Sheringham: "No way Barcelona can come back from 4-0"
Usain Bolt suggests they could be as good as Wayne
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is "no way" Barcelona can overturn their 4-0 deficit in the second leg of their Champions League Round of 16 clashes with Paris Saint-Germain.
That's the opinion of Teddy Sheringham, who dismissed Luis Enrique's men's chances after they were embarrassed at the Parc des Princes on Tuesday night.
In a thoroughly one-sided game, Barcelona were second best to every ball and battered in all areas of the pitch as an energized PSG picked them off in both halves.
Man United and Tottenham legend, Sheringham, discussed their chances of a miraculous comeback on Astro SuperSport's EPL Live coverage show, in Malaysia, which you can see above.
(Photo: Youtube)
(Photo: Getty Images)
And claimed that they have no chance of progression to the quarter-final stages of the competition, despite the wealth of talent in their ranks.
"There's no way they can come back from 4-0, they can beat teams four or five-nil at home, but when you're taking a 4-0 lead to the Nou Camp, your tactics will be sitting in.
"They will make it really tough, and they've shown how quick they are on the counter-attack, they will try and do that again at the Nou Camp."
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
Former Liverpool midfielder Steve McMahon also spoke about Barcelona's woes on the show, and expects Unai Emery to drop Angel Di Maria for the away leg on March 8.
The Argentine was the star of the show on Tuesday night, alongside Edinson Cavani, but the defensive prowess of Thiago Motta may be just the ticket for PSG to see out the result in comfort.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The government has confirmed plans to close a total of 87 Jobcentres across the UK over the next seven months on top of 15 already axed in August and September.
It comes after the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) revealed one in 10 Jobcentres around the UK were to be closed this year - with the loss of up to 750 jobs.
However, this has now jumped to a further 58 in 2018 - including five in Glasgow alone.
The shake up will put a total of 500 roles at risk - although the DPW says the "majority of staff will remain in their current offices with others moving to another DWP site nearby". Some staff members will be placed on its voluntary redundancy scheme.
The DWP told Mirror Money the closures will see some smaller jobcentres merge with larger ones, while others will be co-located with local government premises to deliver multiple community services in one place.
A further 40 to be moved into local authority buildings under 'efficiency' savings while four will be moved to new premises.
It said the changes will save more than £140 million a year over the next 10 years and will offer better value for the tax payer - it added that 80% of Jobseeker's Allowance and 99% of Universal Credit applications are now made online.
It also added that five new bigger branches will open - although you could not say where these would be - in a phased approach starting in 2018 that will see 26 corporate sites shut.
The closures come amid the widespread roll-out of the controversial Universal Credit - the government's new six-in-one benefits system.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
According to Citizens Advice, 24% of new claimants are having to wait longer than six weeks for a payment - which could make matters worse if they're unable to visit their local branch.
The charity also warns that a third of people that have had difficulties with the system have made more than 10 calls to the Universal Credit helpline, often having to wait more than 30 minutes to get through.
To counteract issues with length wait periods for payments to come through, the government has said people will now be able to get advance payments to help cover rent and bills - however with closures imminent, these claims may have to be processed online or via the phone only.
Jobcentres and benefit centres are covered by Public Finance Initiative (PFI) contracts which are now coming to an end. In the 20 years since these contracts were signed, the welfare system has undergone significant reform, with employment now at a record high.
Damian Hinds, Minster for Employment said: "We will always make sure that people have the support they need to get into and progress within work. These changes reflect the fact that more people access their benefits online resulting in many of our buildings being underused.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A DWP spokesperson told Mirror Money: "The changes we are making to our estate across the country will offer a more efficient service, and deliver good value for the taxpayer - saving over £140 million a year, for the next 10 years."
Is your local Jobcentre affected? The complete list - and key dates
(Image: Getty)
In January, the DWP published a full list of Jobcentres earmarked to be "divested" in the year to December 2017 - these are the closures that have now been confirmed for the next seven months.
October 2017
Broxburn, 97 East Main Street, EH52 5EE - 6 October 2017 Mountain Ash, New County Road, CF45 4HU - 6 October 2017 Plaistow, 3-9 Balaam Street, Paistow, E13 8EB - 6 October 2017 Pyle, Ffald Road Shopping Centre, CF33 6BP - 6 October 2017 Hornchurch, Pioneer House, North Street, RM11 1QZ - 20 October 2017 Wilmslow Venture House, 46-52 Water Lane, SK9 5AH - 20 October 2017 Clay, Cross Bridge Street, S45 9EF - 27 October 2017 Manchester Atherton, 129 Market Street, M46 0DF - 27 October 2017 Port Glasgow, 6 Scarlow Street, PA14 5EY - 27 October 2017
November 2017
(Image: Getty)
Bolsover Unit, 3. 3 Cotton Street, S44 6HA - 3 November 2017 Stornoway, 13-15 Francis Street, HS1 2NA - 3 November 2017 Edmonton Annex, 135 Upper Fore Street, N18 2XF - 10 November 2017 Thetford, Townsend House, Guildford Street, IP24 2DT - 10 November 2017 Abingdon, Torus House, 38 -44 Stert Street, OW14 3QS - 17 November 2017 Fort William, Waverley House High Street, PH33 6XX - 17 November 2017 Liverpool Aintree, 70 Walton Vale, L9 4RQ - 17 November 2017 Glasgow Anniesland, 21 Herschell Street, G13 1HT - 24 November 2017 Highgate, 1A Elthorne Rd, Highgate Hill, N19 4AL - 24 November 2017 Liverpool 20, Williamson Square, L1 1PW - 24 November 2017
December 2017
Eltham, 1 Passey Place, SE9 5DA - 1 December 2017 Helston, Star House, 5 Coinagehill Street Helston, Cornwall, TR13 8ER - 1 December 2017 Leyland, 71 Towngate, PR25 2LR - 1 December 2017 Batley, 26 Wellingotn Street, WF17 5HZ - 8 December 2017 Clevedon, 28 Old Street - 8 December 2017 Edgware, Middlesex House, 29 -45 High Street, HA8 7DX - 8 December 2017 Bristol Central Eagle House, 1 Street Stephens Street, BS1 1EN - 15 December 2017 Lewisham (Catford), 9-19 Rushey Green, SE6 4AZ - 15 December 2017 Newcastle, Condercum House, 171 West Road, NE15 6PL - 15 December 2017 Wick Girnigoe Street, Caithness, KW1 4HJ - 15 December 2017
January 2018
(Image: Getty)
Bristol, Easton 442 - 450 Stapleton Road- 5 January 2018 East Ham, 473 Barking Road, E6 2LL - 5 January 2018 Shipley, Wainman Street, BD17 7DN - 5 January 2018 Finchley, 40 Ballards Lane, N3 2BL - 12 January 2018 Glasgow, Maryhill Road, G20 9DH - 12 January 2018 Rotherham, High Street Goldthorpe, S63 9LQ - 12 January 2018 Totnes, Westward House, New Walk, TQ9 5WA - 12 January 2018 Dagenham, Chequers Lane, RM9 6P - 19 January 2018 Glasgow, Langside 152 -158 Battlefield Road, G42 9JT - 19 January 2018 Liskeard Bell House, 7 -9 Church Street - 19 January 2018 Spalding, Broadgate House, Westlode Street, PE11 2BQ - 19 January 2018 Andover, 6 London Street, Hampshire, SP10 2PA - 26 January 2018 Haverhill, 65 and 67A High Street, CB9 8AH - 26 January 2018 Skipton, Cavendish House, Newmarket Street, BD23 2HN - 26 January 2018 Southall, 68 The Broadway, UB1 1QD - 26 January 2018
February 2018
(Image: Getty)
Blackpool, South South Tyldesley Road, Blackpool, FY1 5DJ - 2 February 2018 Glasgow, Bridgeton 9 Muslim Street, G40 4AZ - 2 February 2018 Hull, Market Place South Church Side, HU1 1RU - 2 February 2018 Huntingdon, 2-6 Hartford Road, PE29 3PB - 2 February 2018 Kidderminster, 12 Lower Mill Street, DY11 6TT - 2 February 2018 Kingston, 3 Brook Street, KT1 2EY - 2 February 2018 Newton Abbot Sherborne House, Kingsteignton Road, TQ12 2PG - 2 February 2018 Bargoed, 44/46 High Street, CF81 8RD - 9 February 2018 Blackpool, 43 Queen Street, FY1 1HQ - 9 February 2018 Brixton, 12 Stockwell Ave, SW9 7AY - 9 February 2018 Glasgow Easterhouse, Shandwick Shopping Centre, Shandwick Street, G34 9DR - 9 February 2018 Mansfield Hill House, NG18 1LN - 9 February 2018 Woking, 15-29 Goldsworth Road- 9 February 2018 Coleford, 1 Mushet Walk, Derby Forester, DE1 1NW - 16 February 2018 Derby Forester, DE1 1NW - 16 February 2018 Leeds Eastgate, 529 York Road, LS9 6TF - 16 February 2018 Neasden Chancel House, Neasden Lane, NW10 2XH - 16 February 2018 Glasgow Parkhead, 1181 Duke Street, G31 5NW - 16 February 2018 Wythenshawe, Simon House, Wavell Road, M22 5RA - 16 February 2018 Blackwood, Newbridge House, 75-77 High Street, NP12 1YY - 23 February 2018 Brighouse, Owler Ings Road, HD6 1EH - 23 February 2018 Clapham Maritime House, Old Town, SW4 0JW - 23 February 2018 Derby, Normanton Road, DE1 2GW - 23 February 2018 Oxford Floyds Row, Aldates, OX1 1SS - 23 February 2018
March 2018
Kilburn, 3 Cambridge Ave, NW6 5AH - 2 March 2018 Lanark, Atholl House, 55-57 Bannatyne Street, ML11 7NR - 2 March 2018 Liverpool, Edge Hill, Kinglake House, Shenstone Street, L7 3PF - 2 March 2018 Boston, Crown House, PE21 8SJ - 9 March 2018 Hammersmit,h 22 Glenthorne Road, W6 0PP - 9 March 2018 Herne Bay, 22 -26 Bank Street, Kent, CT6 5EA - 9 March 2018 Wellington, 67 New Street, TF1 1NW - 9 March 2018 Whitstable, 133 High Street, Kent, CT5 1AP - 9 March 2018 Winsford High Street, CW7 2AH - 9 March 2018 Croydon, 17 -21 Cherry Orchard Road, CR9 6BX - 16 March 2018 Liverpool, Wavertree, 92 High Street, L15 8HQ - 16 March 2018 Telford, Church Street, Madeley - 16 March 2018 Tunbridge Wells, 88 Grosvenor Road. Kent, TN1 2AX - 16 March 2018 Coventry Tile Hill, CV4 9GR - 23 March 2018 Kings Lynn, Lovell House, Street Nicholas St, PE30 1LR - 23 March 2018 Wandsworth, Jessica House, Red Lion Square, SW18 4LS - 23 March 2018 Leytonstone, Robart House, 1-3 Lemna Road, E11 1JJ - 30 March 2018 Redditch, St Stephens House, Prospect Hill, B97 4DL - 30 March 2018
April 2018
iStock
Bangladesh emerged from its struggle for independence in 1971 as a war-ravaged and impoverished nation. With a broken bureaucracy, fragile education system, and dismal health conditions, many termed it a “basket case”. Today, Bangladesh's rapid strides in improving its health outcomes over the last few decades are referred to as “one of the great mysteries of global health” by The Lancet.
Bangladesh's per capita national income (based on purchasing power parity) is less than 60% that of India. The country's total health expenditure is 2.8% of its gross domestic product (GDP); India's expenditure is 4.7%. Bangladesh's health record is not flawless, and the nation has much to accomplish in fixing its ailing public health system. However, Bangladesh's under-five and infant mortality rate, fertility rate, and life expectancy, are all better than India. The World Health Organization puts Bangladesh's open defecation prevalence at near zero, compared to 40% for India. The question is how India's once desolate neighbour achieved these outcomes. What lessons does it hold for India?
The Bangladesh miracle has been studied and written about extensively in the last few years. If we boil it down to look for one single explanation, it is the central role played by women. And even within that, poor women from grassroots communities have led the way. The nation has invested significantly in pro-women policies such as education subsidies for female students, protection of human rights, and microfinance programmes targeting women. Bangladesh's female workforce participation in 2013 was 57%, more than double that of India. The country surpasses India in female literacy rates, as well as the representation of women in positions of power. Economists Jean Drèze and Amartya Sen explain in their studies, how female literacy and workforce participation play an important role in lowering child mortality and fertility rates through a combination of channels.
Bangladesh's efforts towards gender equity were strengthened by an increased deployment of women as frontline health mobilizers. Organizations such as BRAC have been training poor rural women across Bangladesh for decades to distribute oral rehydration solutions, conduct house-to-house immunizations, and counsel women on contraception methods. In fact, BRAC believes in creating an enabling ecosystem, whereby poverty alleviation and social outcomes can drive better health. Poor women, who are the victims, the providers and the poverty managers for their families, should indeed be the caretakers of health.
An important question is what enabled Bangladesh to transform the role of its women. There is no clear answer, and this perhaps has historical and cultural roots. But more pertinent is to know whether India can do the same. I have encountered women time and again in northern India whose faces are hidden, voices can't be heard, thoroughly disempowered. While there is a well-designed cadre of female frontline workers, implementation on ground is weak. The frontline workers serve overlapping beneficiaries, rarely share data, and follow chaotic record-keeping practices. They are governed by two ministries—the women and child development and the health ministry —that are usually at loggerheads.
From my public health experience so far, and from what Bangladesh reinforces, I strongly believe that communities of the poorest women are the only way —especially when public health systems are broken. In Avahan, the Gates Foundation's India HIV-prevention programme, thousands of largely illiterate female workers became managers and owners of community programmes across the nation. Women supervisors and grassroots health workers across Rajasthan are leading the scale-up of a solution that involves the arduous task of mapping every house in the village. Initial stages of a programme with adolescent girls in Rajasthan show that they can be key change agents in mobilizing and empowering the community. These are much more than isolated cases of success. Is the explanation to Kerala's incredible performance in health outcomes also women? Well, that's another story.
Pretence and posturing are the bane of India's sorry health situation. The country's rapid economic development cannot be an alibi for its sluggish progress in health. Grand national health programmes and grandiose health announcements are disconnected with ground realities. We need to shun our inherently blinkered approach and look to the bottom of the pyramid. Men need to make way for women as central to grassroots health problems.
A radical thought maybe, in today's environment especially—can we swallow our jingoism and take technical assistance from Bangladesh? We may learn something valuable.
Ashok Alexander is founder-director of Antara Foundation. Their Twitter handle is @alexander_ashok
Dangal has collected over 270 crores in just ten days at the Box Office in India, which is huge. While Aamir Khan already tops the list of the highest grossers of all time list, thanks to PK, with a collection of 339 crores at the domestic box office, here's a question that erupts – will Dangal beat this record?
Dangal has so far beaten the collections of other biggies like Chennai Express, Kick and Krrish 3 and has now become the fifth highest grosser of all time
Here's the list of top 10 highest grossing films of all time:
Aberdeenshire East MSP Gillian Martin has backed Scottish Labour's bid to bring legislation in parliament which could help end period poverty in Scotland.
The politician's support comes after they put forward a joint resolution to the SNP's National Council last year.
Ms Martin also met with the Cabinet Secretary for Communities, Social Security and Equalities Angela Constance earlier this year, calling for the introduction of an S-card which would allow girls and women to access products free of charge from a number of different outlets including chemists and supermarkets.
The suggestion of an ‘S-Card' was first made by Ms Martin and the SNP's Political Education Officer Julie Hepburn in 2016 at the SNP National Council which decides party policy.
And only last month, Ms Constance launched the first pilot scheme of its kind to provide free access to sanitary products in Aberdeen, with more than £40,000 of funding in a number of areas across the city for a six-month period.
The move by the Scottish Government was in direct response to calls from Ms Martin to help end both stigma around menstruation and period poverty.
Gillian Martin said: "I am delighted that period poverty is finally something that all the parties are now recognising. It's over a year since my colleagues and I got a resolution passed at SNP National
Council on a potential solution in the form of a universal card allowing women access to period products.
“As a result of this the government are now piloting a scheme and Monica Lennon's bill is obviously getting more people talking about this issue.
“It is of course an issue that Women for Independence have been campaigning on for a long time too, and with Cross-Party and civic campaigns all coming together a solution is surely imminent.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven Gerrard and Steve McManaman are in full agreement that Ross Barkley needs to move to a "better team" than Everton if they are to improve.
The former Liverpool players were talking about the young England midfielder on BT Sport, which you can see in the above video, after they bagged a late equaliser in their side's game against Hull City.
Last year the 23-year-old scored an impressive eight goals and made eight assists, but has been on the receiving end of much criticism this term.
Toffees boss Ronald Koeman recently admitted that they are unsure whether Barkley will ever reach their potential, increasingly speculation that they would be prepared to cash in on him.
(Photo: Getty)
In the above clip, McManaman and Gerrard discuss the Liverpudlian, and both agree that they have to leave Everton to reignite their stagnating career.
McManaman says: "Maybe in a better team, they might be a better player, and they might grow and they might really excel."
Gerrard adds: "For sure, 100 per cent, if they were to go to a Tottenham or a Chelsea or anywhere else they would fly.
(Photo: BT Sport)
"And all the Everton fans would be saying 'why did we sell him?' - that's exactly what is going to happen."
Barkley, who received criticism for their performance in Everton's late defeat to Merseyside rivals Liverpool on December 19, was dropped for their next fixture against Leicester City.
(Photo: BT Sport)
They were back in the first eleven for their away trip to Hull, where they scored an 84th minute goal to ensure the Toffees would be heading home with a point.
* BT Sport is your home of unmissable live football from the Premier League, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and FA Cup. Visit btsport.com for more info.
Pordenone, July 4 - A court in the northern Italian city of Pordenone on Wednesday upheld an appeal by a lesbian couple against the Italian Constitution's ban on gays' using assisted fertility treatments. The Constitutional Court will now assess the appeal, judging if the ban is in line with Constitutional principles. There have been a number of similar cases in Italy.
YOU CARRY FIRE IN ONE HAND AND WATER IN THE OTHER
Firemen trying today to define the reason of a fire that devoured an empty house in Canberra's south all night along. Fire members were called to the house on Leibnitz Place in a little while after twelve midnight on Monday morning, and get there to find the house totally burning. first calls were only that they'd catch noisy bangs and onto looking outside saw the blaze, primary descriptions are that the residents are far on holidays at the exact time. On access fire members were faced with conflagration that were increasing many metres higher than the rooftop and parts of the roof were beginning to breakdown, then fire members will stay on site up till the construction is steady, and they can go inside to control the ground of the blaze. South Canberra or the Inner South is a central area of Canberra, the capital city of Australia. South Canberra is situated to the south of Canberra's city centre, on the south side of Lake Burley Griffin. It is one of the very old parts of Canberra, and is built in part in conformity to Walter Burley Griffin's designs. Unlike the later area in Canberra that are built as unrelated satellite cities, South Canberra is only unrelated from North Canberra by Lake Burley Griffin. The two-area combined form the area of Central Canberra and share Civic as their central trade area.
Thousands of British gardeners are at risk of becoming unwitting criminals due to a lack of knowledge of basic gardening laws, experts have claimed.
Now experts from GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk have published the top seven little known gardening laws to help Britons understand what they should and shouldn't do in their gardens.
The list covers common issues such as overhanging branches, boundary disputes, blocked sunlight and wind fallen fruit, among others.
Gardeners could be forgiven for finding the laws confusing, as they can be counter-intuitive and complex.
For example, a person may cut back tree branches that overhang into their garden, as long as they do not go past the boundary line and there is no Tree Preservation Order in place.
But they cannot keep the trimmings nor any fruit or flowers on them – nor can they simply throw the branches back into the tree owner's garden without permission.
Disputes over boundaries may require a hard look at the house deeds, and even then, there may be issues if the boundaries have changed over time.
There can also be confusion over whether it is legal to allow a tree to block sunlight to a window.
A spokesperson for GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk said: “Most of us want to be good, law abiding neighbours, but that can be difficult if we don't actually know what the law is.
“There may be times when it would be within your legal rights to do something, but it could cause tensions with your neighbour.
“We'd always advise trying to come to a neighbourly solution first, as this is always preferable to having to call in the lawyers.
“If you brush up on the law as it stands, you may be able to avoid any sort of dispute altogether, which is always the ideal solution.”
Top Seven little-known gardening laws
1. Trimming overhanging branches
If a tree's branches overhang into your property from a neighbour's, you can trim them, but only up to the property line. You can't lean into the neighbour's garden to do this, though – this constitutes trespass.
If a tree is covered by a Tree Preservation Order, you can't cut the branches.
2. Fruit and flowers
Although you can cut branches that hang into your garden up to the property line, they still belong to the neighbour – as do any flowers or fruit on them. Your neighbour is technically legally entitled to demand them back.
But do not just throw them into the neighbour's garden, as this could constitute garden waste fly tipping.
3. Windfalls
Wind fallen fruit technically still belongs to the person who owns the tree. So, if your neighbour's windfalls end up on your lawn, you might have to ask for permission if you want to keep them.
4. Fallen leaves
Tree owners are not responsible for sweeping up fallen leaves that land on your property.
5. Trees blocking light
Under the Rights of Light Act, if a window has received natural light for 20 years or more, neighbours can't block it with a new tree.
6. Fences and boundaries
These can be tricky to resolve. The house deeds should indicate who owns fences and is responsible for boundaries (although there is no legal responsibility to keep boundaries well maintained, unless the deeds state otherwise). But boundaries can move over time and cause disputes later. You may need to contact HM Land Registry for help with boundary disputes.
7 Hedges
If a hedge grows along the boundary between two gardens, both neighbours are responsible for trimming. If a hedge belonging to a neighbour grows into your garden, you can trim it but, as with tree branches, you must, technically, return the trimmings to the owner.
MOSCOW — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building and found bleeding by their wife.
They showed up at Gritsak's news conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning their death.
Babchenko, 41, is one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Severe Storms, Tornadoes, Rip Through U.S. Southeast
An outbreak of severe storms, including several tornadoes erupted in a multi-state swath from Tennessee to Florida late Monday, leaving behind downed trees, power outages and numerous damaged structures, including on the campus of Jacksonville State University.
Large hail and strong winds accompanied the storms. The Weather Channel says Jacksonville, Ala., was likely hit by two tornadoes just minutes apart.
At Jacksonville State University, Athletic Director Greg Seitz said in a tweet that "we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum" and they later added that Logan Hall and Patterson Hall on the campus also sustained roof damage and that "[numerous] trees and power lines are down."
The Coliseum is home to JSU's men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball team.
"I'm very thankful JSU is on spring break this week and most students are out of town," Seitz wrote.
In Limestone County, Ala., near the border with Tennessee, the sheriff's office posted photos of damaged structures and vehicles, but said there were no reports of injuries.
The Associated Press writes that "Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward."
According to The Weather Channel:
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. They sold their controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has in turn led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times's new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (he took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over their conversations with Disney over coverage and with their accusations that their journalists have been disloyal. They were shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, the Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Hartford Courant, and other big metro dailies.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, Metro Editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 they were leaving the company and tweeted: "... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper (Wyoming) Star-Tribune, and the Missoula, Mont., Independent.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily, or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune, its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy, the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been detained by police in connection with the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-Un's half-brother.
The woman, from Myanmar, was held at KL Airport in Malaysia, police said.
They were taken into custody in the low-cost terminal of the airport, according to a report by Malaysian state news agency Bernama.
Police say they carried a travel document stating they were Vietnamese and they were alone at the time of arrest.
It comes after a CCTV image allegedly showed one of the assassins accused of killing the playboy half-brother wearing a top with the words 'LOL' - the acronym for 'Laughing Out Loud' - printed across it.
In the grainy image the woman appears to be middle-aged and of Asian descent.
They can be seen wearing a blue short skirt, with their right hand over a slim sling handbag.
Kim Jong Nam was waiting for a flight to Macau when they fell ill at Kuala Lumpur International Airport's low-cost terminal, known as KLIA 2 on Monday.
They were believed to be poisoned by two women who are allegedly North Korean operatives.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: YTN)
"There have been reports that (the two suspects) may already be dead," Japan Kyodo News said, citing a ranking official of the Japanese government.
The official, however, did not specify the cause of their assumed death, be it homicide or suicide.
North Korean special agents have in the past attempted suicide after their missions.
Convicted bomber of a South Korean airplane Kim Hyun Hee attempted suicide after their act led to the deaths of 115 passengers in 1987.
But a police officer earlier told the Telegraph that the women may be Vietnamese and still in Malaysia.
They added that The North Korean government has sent a senior diplomat to Malaysia and asked officials not to carry out a post-mortem examination of the body, but the request was denied.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
The women are presumed to be North Korean undercover agents on a mission to eliminate the estranged half-brother of President Kim.
The assailants reportedly fled the scene in a taxi immediately after the attack.
Following initial reports the poison was delivered by needles, it has now been reported in Malaysia that the weapon used was a cloth soaked in liquid.
"He told the receptionist at the departure hall that someone had grabbed their face from behind and splashed some liquid on him," Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat said.
"He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, they were experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out," they said.
"At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. They were put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when they were pronounced dead."
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
A statement by Malaysian police has said their travel documents named them as "Kim Chol" with an age of 46.
Mr Ahmat said that the cause of Kim's death had not been determined yet, but that a post mortem would be carried out on the body.
"So far there are no suspects, but we have started investigations and are looking at a few possibilities to get leads," Fadzil told Reuters.
Jong Nam was known to be based mostly outside of their home country and had spoken out publicly against their family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
(Photo: AFP)
They said several times over the years that they had "no interest in leading their country."
"Personally I am against third-generation succession," they told Japan's Asahi TV in 2010, before their younger brother had succeeded their father.
"I hope my younger brother will do their best for the sake of North Koreans' prosperous lives."
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp saw Liverpool throw away a win – and admitted: “It doesn't feel good.”
Angry Klopp was baffled at how their “dominant” side let the lead slip twice to two Jermain Defoe penalties , to hand Chelsea more encouragement at the top of the league.
Klopp reckoned ref Anthony Taylor got it wrong when they awarded Defoe a free kick on the edge of the box six minutes from time.
The resulting free kick was handled by Sadio Mane, who along with Daniel Sturridge twice put Liverpool ahead. Defoe levelled from the spot kick.
Klopp said: “We scored the second goal, it felt good, it felt deserved.
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
“Then I would say no foul, no free-kick. I saw it again and there was no contact.
“Then handball, 2-2, I must be honest it doesn't feel good.
“Sunderland got a point because of two penalties. To get two!
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
“The free-kick, that was harsh and hard to accept but obviously I have to accept. If you see it again there was no contact.
"I saw it in the game and the fourth official saw it. It's not the worst mistake in the world but it is so hard.
“Two penalties against us feels not good. Usually I like to talk about football. It is difficult today.”
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
(Photo: Ian Horrocks)
Klopp refused to blame Mane saying their reaction was a “reflex”.
Asked about the title race, Klopp said: “I cannot change anything. We have to accept the results of the other teams.
"Yes, there is a long way to go. We have a long trip home.”
Liverpool were missing injured Jordan Henderson. Sturridge limped off after a bang on their ankle and James Milner was subbed at half time with a kick on the calf. None are expected to be serious injuries.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephanie Davis narrowly avoided flashing their hoo-ha in a dangerously high-cut swimsuit as they hit the high seas of Marbs on Monday.
The actor showed off more than enough of their front bum in the awkwardly cut cossie - which thankfully stayed firmly in place.
The ensemble was all party at the back too, with Steph appearing to have caught the sun on their bare bum.
Good job she's got their new mates on hand to help apply that factor 30.
Love Island's Gabby Allen and ex-TOWIE star Dan Obourne joined them on the party boat in Marbella, with the group sipping on cold soft drinks as they lapped up the sunshine.
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: MEGA)
The unlikely group has joined forces for a week-long course at the nearby Holistic Boot Camp, with recovering alcoholic Steph gushing about their fresh feels.
"What a time we're having. So happy, it's nice to be so happy. Thankyou SO MUCH Holistic Boot Camp for Marbella now being an anchor of happiness and good times," they wrote on Instagram, alongside an posed shot which also included Callum Best.
Three days ago the group endured a gloomy mountain hike, the completion of which Steph celebrated by showing off their hot bikini body on social media.
They also got cheeky with Gabby and fitness instructor Sally Harding, with the trio flaunting their toned behinds in a naughty beach snap.
Money For Moms
Enlarge this image DENIS CHARLET/AFP/Getty Images DENIS CHARLET/AFP/Getty Images
The Indicator from Planet Money Money For Moms Money For Moms Listen · 9:31 9:31
A fascinating and ambitious new experiment has just launched after six years of careful design by economists, neuroscientists, and other scholars. For the first time, researchers will be investigating the causal effects of lower incomes on the brain development of babies and toddlers.
Specifically, the researchers want to know what happens when new mothers are given a big supplemental monthly income — untaxed, and in addition to other benefits they already receive. Will that extra income improve the emotional and brain development of the child during the first three years of the child's life?
The answer could fundamentally affect the way we think about the effects of poverty on children.
Music by Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi has been elected unopposed as Congress president, party's central election authority head Mullappally Ramachandran announced on Monday.
They will collect the certificate formally declaring their ascension to the post on December 16, they told reporters in the national capital.
The 47-year-old scion of the Nehru-Gandhi family was the lone candidate in the fray.
Rahul succeeds their mother Sonia Gandhi, who remained in the post for 19 years.
Here's a look at the tenure of Sonia as the Congress chief:
- After their husband, Rajiv Gandhi's assassination in 1991, Sonia refused to become PM and the party settled on the choice of PV Narasimha Rao who became the leader and subsequently PM.
- The Congress lost the 1996 elections and several senior leaders such as Madhavrao Sindhia, Rajesh Pilot, Narayan Dutt Tiwari, Arjun Singh, P Chidambaram and Jayanthi Natarajan revolted openly against incumbent president Sitaram Kesri.
- In an effort to revive the party's sagging fortunes, Sonia joined the Congress as a primary member in the Calcutta Plenary Session in 1997 and became party chief in 1998.
- At that time, a fragmented Congress had just lost the Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Mizoram and Nagaland. It had 141 members in the Lok Sabha.
- In May 1999, three senior leaders of the party, Sharad Pawar, PA Sangma, and Tariq Anwar challenged their right to try to become India's PM citing their foreign origins.
- Following this Sonia offered to resign as party leader. This resulted in an outpouring of support and the expulsion of the three rebels from the party. They went on to form the Nationalist Congress Party.
- They contested Lok Sabha elections from Bellary, Karnataka and Amethi, Uttar Pradesh in 1999 and won both seats. However, Sonia chose to represent Amethi.
- In Bellary, they had defeated BJP leader, Sushma Swaraj.
- Sonia was elected the Leader of the Opposition of the 13th Lok Sabha in 1999 when the BJP-led NDA formed government at Centre under Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
- As Leader of Opposition, they had called a no-confidence motion against the Vajpayee government in 2003.
- Taking on the BJP, Sonia launched a nationwide campaign countering the NDA government's 'India Shining' slogan.
- The Congress on its own won 206 seats in the Lok Sabha seats, which was then the highest total by any party since 1991.
- Sonia was re-elected to a third term as MP from Rae Bareli.
- Following the unexpected defeat of the NDA, they were unanimously chosen to lead a 15-party coalition government with the support of the Left, which was named the United Progressive Alliance (UPA).
- The BJP protested at Sonia becoming PM due to their 'foreign origin'. Swaraj threatened to shave their head and "sleep on the ground" should Sonia become PM. The BJP also claimed that there were legal reasons that barred them from becoming India's PM.
- Subsequently, Sonia recommended Manmohan Singh as their choice as PM. Congress leaders and party workers compared it to the Indian tradition of renunciation.
- The Congress-led UPA returned back to power based on strong results in Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.
- Manmohan Singh became the first PM since Jawaharlal Nehru in 1962 to be re-elected after completing a full five-year term.
- In 2013, they became the first person to serve as Congress chief for 15 years consecutively.
- However, in the 2014 General Election, facing the 'Modi wave' the Congress-led UPA electoral alliance suffered massive defeat, winning only 44 and 59 seats respectively.
With 2018 literally right around the corner, it's that time of the year when people start to map out goals and game plans. My goals are very clear for the upcoming year. I'm the co-founder of a very fun project that has incredible potential -- it's truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in one of the most lucrative industries.
I know exactly what I need to do in order to contribute to the success of this new venture, so I committed to making life changes that would contribute to accomplishing all the goals I have set for myself. These are specific to my situation, but my hopes are that by reading through this list it will help spark some ideas and changes that you can implement, helping you crush your goals as well.
Related: 10 Habits That Will Dramatically Improve Your Life
1. Relocating with convenience in mind.
I relocated to a new condominium development that was just completed for two main reasons -- it has a three-level Equinox gym on-site and it's literally across the street from my office. It's an amazing building, but it's the convenience that was the ultimate deciding factor.
I can keep my 5 a.m. routine, but instead of commuting to the gym, it's a quick elevator ride to workout. The amount of time this saves each week is significant. I also now have a 30 second commute to my office. Between that and my home office, my work commute is essentially eliminated.
This allows me to fully maximize my productivity, and by getting more done during the day it will also allow me to end my day at a reasonable hour.
2. Fully committing to a meal prep service.
I have found the easiest way to eat healthy is by prepping meals in advance. The problem I have experienced in the past was being consistent week-after-week. It was taking up a majority of every Sunday -- cooking, packaging and freezing 42 meals for the week was a major time-suck.
I've committed to using a meal prep service, which not only saves me time, but also ensures I stay on track health-wise. Eating six smaller healthy meals per day keeps me fully charged and I know it has a positive impact on my work performance.
Related: 10 Things I Learned After Sleeping 1,000 Nights in Hotel Rooms
3. Traveling more to work in creative environments.
Technology allows us to work from almost anywhere in the world, provided there is an internet connection. More large brands are allowing employees to work remotely and entrepreneurs are enjoying the flexibility and freedom available.
I recently returned from a week in Hawaii, and while there I was able to be productive while enjoying some relaxation and adventure. It's my favorite destination within the U.S., because of the time difference. I get up around four a.m. when I'm there and work from the beach -- by noon the work day is done on the east coast and I spend the rest of the day relaxing and exploring.
My mind thrives in creative environments, so I'm determined to travel as much as possible, working from as many different settings as possible.
4. Starting a daily vlog to document and hold myself accountable.
I've always wanted to start a daily vlog, and I'm finally jumping headfirst into it. I'm going to be uploading one video daily, and I'm committed to doing it for a full year -- 365 episodes. After the first year I will determine if it's something I want to continue.
I'm doing it for two reasons. First, my new venture is going to be a fun ride, and I want to document the entire journey. The amount of work it is going to require is intense -- and I think some entrepreneurs will benefit from seeing what really goes on in the day-to-day of building something truly special. Second, putting everything out there daily is going to help keep me accountable -- you can't slack when you have an audience awaiting a new video every day.
Related: Lifestyles of the Rich and Frugal: 7 Thrifty Millionaires and Billionaires
5. Unloading all incomplete projects.
Having your hands in too many unfinished projects can really slow your momentum on your main focus, no matter how much potential they have. I have a lot of half-built websites and online businesses that I will be unloading and finding new homes for.
While I hate to part with them, I know that by ridding myself of them, I will be able to put all of my time and effort into my new venture. Throwing the extra weight off the boat will allow me to sail much faster to my destination, so to speak.
6. Getting out and enjoying my surroundings daily.
I mentioned relocating earlier to eliminate commuting to the gym and my office -- and this is why. By eliminating wasted time, it increases daily productivity and will allow me to end my day at a reasonable time and enjoy my surroundings daily.
I get to live in an amazing city -- I can be at the beach within minutes and I can walk out my front door and do anything imaginable. I've vowed to skateboard, paddleboard and jet ski often and experience as much of the surrounding culture as possible. The idea is to step away from work and constantly recharge.
Related: When Your Home Life Is Stressful, Your Business Suffers
7. Networking weekly.
There are a lot of networking opportunities -- industry conferences, local groups, etc. -- but they need to align with your schedule in order to take advantage of them. If I find one that works with my schedule, I take full advantage, but that doesn't happen often enough.
I've decided to make networking a priority, so I will be organizing local weekly Miami-area meetups for entrepreneurs, specifically in the Brickell area. I've already started to roundup participants through a few private groups I'm in. If you are reading this and you are a Miami-area entrepreneur and would like to participate, connect with me on social media.
CAPE TOWN - WhatsApp is giving users 2 new features, the ability to add a description to group chats and allows users to switch between the voice and video call feature, according to reports.
WhatsApp rolled out the group description feature for the beta version of Android last month.
READ ALSO: WhatsApp changes its 'delete for everyone' feature
Here's how the group description option works:
1. Make sure you are using the latest version of WhatsApp
2. Tap on the group name you would like to add a description to
3. Find the “Group Info” section of the group on the right-hand corner
4. Tap on the “Description” section right below the name of the group
5. Add or change the group's description. The group description is visible to all members of the group and people invited to the group.
6. The description can be as long as 512 characters.
Additionally, WhatsApp for Android is getting a new feature that allows users to easily switch between voice and video calls feature.
The feature was previously spotted in the Android beta version 2.18.4. There is a video button that appears during voice calls to let users switch from a voice call to a video call.
So users no longer need to end a voice call if they want to use the video option.
When wanting to switch to a video call, You will select the switch button and it will send an invite to the person on the other end of the call to accept.
Once accepted, the voice call will be converted into a video call.
Both features will be available for both Android and iOS users.
TOP STORY: I am broke, says Robert Mugabe
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
MORGES, Switzerland — June 2018 — Sensient Imaging Technologies, a developer and manufacturer of digital inks for textiles and other applications, is proud to announce the addition of local warehousing and distribution to better serve the growing Turkish textile market.
As a result of this investment in local distribution, Sensient will now house a direct supply of Sensient digital inks in Turkey. This investment will provide new and existing customers direct access to Sensient inks, removing delays in the importation process and simplifying the local supply chain.
Digital printing in the Turkish textile industry has been rapidly increasing over recent years and has a forecasted annual average growth rate of 12.5%. “This market development combined with a strong support network in Turkey and the release of new digital inks in 2018 has resulted in significant growth for Sensient in the region,” commented Mike Geraghty, President of Sensient Colors. “As a result, Sensient is reaffirming its commitment to support our partners and customers in Turkey by investing in local warehousing of inks.”
Initially, Sensient will stock selected products to serve the growing installed base with plans to increase both the volume and the product range when necessary. Sensient will continue to work with its partners in the region to maintain the highest level of service, support, and flexibility for its growing customer base.
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: Sensient Imaging Technologies
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A three-year-old girl has been rescued from inside an allegedly stolen car found in a river.
Police confirmed the child was receiving medical attention after they were discovered inside a silver mini, reported stolen in Cardigan, Wales at around 3.30pm today.
The girl's mum and other relatives had earlier posted on Facebook appealing for help to find the car, which they claimed had been snatched with them inside.
Emergency services scrambled a huge rescue operation on land and water involving police, firefighters, coastguard and a Welsh Air Ambulance.
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
The vehicle was discovered two hours later, following repeated appeals, in the River Teifi.
Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
According to sources, no arrests have been made, Wales Online reports.
One shocked resident, who did not wish to be named, said: “The road has been blocked off and the helicopter was above.
“It's near Finch Square down by the river bank.
“People are shocked - it's a surprise for a small town like ourselves.
“Nothing happens, it's a big shock.”
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
HeddluDPPolice tweeted: "Following a call at 3.30pm, we made enq. as to whereabouts of a silver mini which, last seen in Cardigan near the old Scout Hall.
"During a search the vehicle was located in the River Teifi, Cardigan.
"A child has been removed from the vehicle and is receiving medical attention.”
A coastguard spokesperson said: “The Cardigan inshore lifeboat, the Cardigan coastguard, Gwbert coastguard and Moylegrove coastguard are there.
“We were called by Dyfed-Powys Police at 4.54pm and they are all on scene at the moment assisting with the police incident.”
/
People need better options than a lifetime of debt because they went to college or a lifetime of stunted earning because they couldn't afford to.
April 24, 2018 7 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
It's easy to mistake the 4.1 percent unemployment rate in the United States for a job market that is entirely in good shape. Look further and you find 40 percent of American employers report difficulties finding the skills they need in prospective employees. Sixty percent note a lack of preparation for even entry-level jobs. Beyond the current skills gap issue, the long-term prospects for many jobs is uncertain. According to McKinsey and Co, by 2030, 75 million to 375 million workers (3 to 14 percent of the global workforce) will need to switch occupational categories.
Businesses need employees with the right talent and skills to continue to grow and prosper. Skill set development and preparation come down to how we educate our current and future workforce. We also must look at the system surrounding education, and it absolutely must include the structure around student loans. College debt is an anchor that, unlike consumer spending or a home mortgage, neither spurs the economy nor addresses crucial housing needs for Americans.
Related: How Student Loans Are Crushing Millennial Entrepreneurialism
Democratize the building blocks.
The internal combustion engine was patented in 1794, but the U.S. automobile industry didn't get started until the Model T's release in 1908. It took more than a century before the mass implementation of the technology that ultimately spawned a huge number of job opportunities. Today, an innovation can create an industry and fold it up in a span of months. That innovation is likely to eliminate many jobs while creating a few.
Look no further than the World Economic Forum's Jobs report seeing the impact of innovation. The report predicted that by 2020 “creativity,” not a specific programming language and certainly not mastery of any particulur tool, will be among the top three job requirements. The same “hard skills” we've previously considered to be good indicators for professional success are simply less valuable in an age of data inundation joining with new technologies around AI, automation and robotics.
But how do we allow human creativity to shine through? It starts with a foundation of skills and knowledge for workers. Democratizing access to skills creates an environment for softer skills to shine through, ultimately allowing more to utilize their inherent humanity to suit a broad range of businesses needs.
Related: The 10 Unique Soft Skills Employers Desire in New Hires
Community colleges
Eloy Ortiz Oakley wrote in the Los Angeles Times that community colleges are the tip of the spear when it comes to recognizing the shift to skilled service-based industries. They are an affordable option for prospective students to develop the foundational elements that add up to a good income today and a path toward future education in the future.
In California, community college tuition averages $1,430 including fees, the lowest in the country, reflecting the emphasis on affordable education in some states. Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill into law in October of last year that created free first-year community college tuition for as many as 19,000 more Californians as well. Community college policy changes and affordable tuition are often a reflection of the needs and economic levels of the communities they are a part of, just like the kinds of courses offered. Oakley notes one example at Rio Hondo Community College in Whittier, where students are enrolled in a program to learn how components function within electric cars.
Related: Community Colleges and the Creation of Entrepreneurial Ecosystems
Online learning platforms
Broad education platforms like Udemy and Skillshare offer a truly democratized, affordable skill-specific education that can be accessed anywhere there's an internet connection. Their wide range of courses gives everyone the opportunity to uplevel their knowledge base for future professional demands. They also can shorten the time between getting an education and turning it into economic opportunity. This is partly because of their skill specificity, but it also has a lot to do with limiting the long-term financial commitment that befalls traditional higher education.
However, many online platforms provide a skill but not necessarily a certification or degree. These avenues may be more suited for upleveling a skill within a profession as opposed to raising employment prospects. For that, many future workers turn to four-year education.
Related: Obama Puts Down $600 Million to Train Up Your Future Employees
More education means more income but also big debts
The argument to seek education couldn't be more compelling when it comes to the raw numbers. People with an associates degree earn, on average, $6,000 more annually than those with only a high school diploma and have the lowest unemployment across all education levels. A bachelor's degree creates even more opportunity, with graduates making nearly $60,000 annually.
Even in an age of robots, the benefits of more education are compelling, but for many there is an impossible trade-off: It brings both world-opening opportunities and financially crippling student debt. The average college student graduates with more than $37,000 in debt. The 44 million Americans dealing with it cumulatively owe an astounding $1.48 trillion. That's enough to make credit card debt blush, accounting for an additional $620 billion.
Those numbers alone are shocking, but what also must be recognized is the financial ripple effects that student loan debt can create. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 30-year-olds with student loan debt are less likely to buy homes and cars -- a trend that's new and mirrors the jump in total student loan debt and defaults.
The financial handcuffs that come with education have led more than a few people to suggest avoiding college altogether. That is wrong. Building up hard skills and having a chance to develop soft skills will create workers who are far more flexible and adaptable in the workplace.
Related: 8 Hugely Successful People Who Didn't Graduate College
The United States should be pumping money and energy into creating more approachable and affordable education opportunities, from investments in community colleges and vocational programs that provide the skills human workers need to rethinking the student loan industrial complex to avoid saddling the next generation of workers with a lifelong weight of debt. Aside from benefiting workers, the uptick in skilled workers will drastically benefit those looking to hire them -- a boon to growing businesses across the country.
Making education more affordable and accessible is not the direction we're headed. The president, for their part, offered a 40 percent cut to workforce education programs, kneecapping some of the most accessible types of education in many communities, including community colleges.
Congress has offered few answers when it comes to student loan debt, but there are models out there that suggest potential solutions. Graduates in Australia repay loans automatically with payroll deductions based on income. Most Australians are out from underneath the loans within nine years. That is significant. Unlike the U.S. system, there are few middlemen involved, and loans are repaid on a sliding scale. Lower-earning graduates aren't stung by a loan that's tethered to market rates instead of their or their earnings. This in turn keeps defaults down and keeps those graduates contributing to the economy both as consumers and earners.
Creating a future-proof economy and workforce will always be a work in progress. The most sensible approach is an educational system that supports a nimble workforce and doesn't saddle its population and the economy with a massive disincentive to seek that education in the first place.
Ankara: A suspected Islamic State militant stabbed a Turkish police officer to death while being taken to the Istanbul police headquarters, the state-run Anadolu news agency said.
The man, suspected of preparing a bomb attack, had been detained in an operation by anti-terrorism police. The wounded officer succumbed to their stab wounds after being taken to hospital, Anadolu said in a report late on Sunday.
Following the attack, police detained another 12 suspected Islamic State militants, of Iranian, Iraqi and Syrian origin, Andalou said.
Police detained 22 people suspected of links to the jihadist group on Friday.
Turkey has detained more than 5,000 Islamic State suspects and deported some 3,290 foreign militants from 95 different countries in recent years, according to officials. It has refused entry to at least 38,269 people.
NEW DELHI: Union Minister Babul Supriyo on Saturday hit out at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Shatrughan Sinha over the latter's "triple talaq" jibe on the party after its defeat in the Rajasthan bypolls.
"Shatrughan Sinha ji ko bolta hu aapko itni nafrat hai to kyo roz aake sansad mein baithte hain? Kyo aisi situation paida karte hain ki dusro ko bolna pade 'khamosh'. Dressing room ki baat wahin rehni chahiye. Aap teen talaq dijiye aur khud chod dijiye BJP (If you have so much hatred for the party, then why do you come to parliament everyday. Why do you create situations where others have to say 'khamosh')," Supriyo said.
On Friday, the actor-turned-politician Shatrughan Sinha trained guns at their party, saying that the state had become the first to give the BJP "triple talaq".
"Breaking news with record-breaking disastrous results for ruling party - Rajasthan becomes first state to give BJP Triple Talaq. Ajmer: Talaq, Alwar: Talaq, Mandalgarh: Talaq. Our opponents winning the elections with record margins, giving our party a jolt," Sinha, BJP MP from Patna Saheb in Bihar, they tweeted.
Sinha also warned the party and asked members to take remedial measures. "Better late than never, otherwise the disastrous results could or would be soon reformed as Tata-Bye-Bye results. Wake up BJP. Jai Hind."
This is not the first time the BJP MP has embarrassed the party by taking a different stand.
Just recently, they were present at the launch of the Rashtra Manch, a political action group launched by disgruntled BJP leader Yashwant Sinha, to take on the Centre's policies and decisions.
Along with Shatrughan Sinha, Trinamool Congress MP Dinesh Trivedi, Congress MP Renuka Chowdhury, NCP MP Majeed Memon, Aam Aadmi Party MP Sanjay Singh, former Gujarat chief minister Suresh Mehta and JD(U) leader Pavan Varma were also present at the launch of the front.
In a massive jolt to Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje-led BJP government ahead of the state polls later this year, the Congress on Thursday swept all three bypolls in Rajasthan.
Defeating the BJP's Shakti Singh Hada, Congress candidate Vivek Dhakar won Mandalgarh Assembly seat by 12,976 votes.
In Ajmer, Congress candidate Raghu Sharma defeated BJP's Ramswaroop Lamba, while in Alwar, Congress leader Dr Karan Singh Yadav established their victory, defeating the BJP's Jaswant Yadav by 196,496 votes.
PM Modi will start from Patan at 2pm and address other two rallies in Nadiad (4pm) and Ahmedabad (7.30pm) today. Photo: PTI
As Gujarat elections enter its last week, the campaigning has hit fever pitch with as many as seven rallies by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress slated on Monday. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is back on campaign trail with three public meeting scheduled today. They will start from Patan at 2pm and address two other rallies in Nadiad (4pm) and Ahmedabad (7.30pm).
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi will hold a public meeting at 12pm in Banaskantha district. The Congress president-in-waiting is also scheduled to attend public meetings at Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Gandhinagar districts.
Here are the latest updates and developments from the Gujarat elections campaign trail:
■ Ahead of the second phase of polling in Gujarat on December 14, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Monday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the issue of Lokpal. Taking forward their ‘one question a day' series, Gandhi in their 13th question asked why the BJP has not delivered on the promise of Lokpal and to give an accountable government.
■ BJP president Amit Shah addressed a public meeting in Suigam in Vav assembly constituency of Banaskantha district (Gujarat). Shah will later have public meetings in Anand and Vadodara districts.
22 सालों का हिसाब#गुजरात_मांगे_जवाब
13वां सवाल:
कहते थे देंगे जवाबदेह सरकार
किया लोकपाल क्यों दरकिनार?
GSPC, बिजली-मेट्रो घोटाले, शाह-जादा पर चुप्पी हर बार
मित्रों की जेब भरने को हैं बेकरार
लम्बी है लिस्ट
और ‘मौनसाहब" से है जवाब की दरकार
किसके अच्छे दिन के लिए बनाई सरकार? — Office of RG (@OfficeOfRG) December 11, 2017
■ Pakistan on Monday said India's politicians should not drag the country into its domestic politics during campaigning for the Gujarat assembly polls.
“India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible,” Pakistan's Foreign Office spokesperson Mohammad Faisal said on Twitter.
Modi on Sunday claimed at an election rally that there was an attempt by Pakistan to interfere in the Gujarat polls. Read more
■ Congress leader Anand Sharma: “PM has said Congress is conspiring with Pakistan for Gujarat elections. Its outrageous. This is just an attempt to polarize ahead of second phase of voting. This also shows their desperation and that BJP's loss is now guaranteed. Ex-Pakistan Foreign Minister was here to attend a wedding, there was a dinner organized for them in which there were former diplomats, former Army chief among other dignitaries. Does PM think they were all conspiring with Pak? Reprehensible. PM must apologize.” (ANI)
■ Rahul Gandhi addressing a rally in Banaskantha district. Speaking at the rally, the Congress president-in-waiting said, “BJP's vikas yatra failed. The election is about Gujarat, but PM Modi talks about Japan, Pakistan, Afghanistan. They should speak about Gujarat also.”
Jaise picture flop hoti hai, waise hi BJP ki vikas yatra flop ho gayi. Gujarat ka chunav ho raha hai aur Modi ji kabhi Japan, Pakistan, Afghanistan ki baat karte hain. Modi ji, Gujarat ka chunaav hai, thodi Gujarat ki baat karlo: Rahul Gandhi in Banaskantha #GujaratElection2017 pic.twitter.com/VUF9EN2dAI — ANI (@ANI) December 11, 2017
■ Prime Minister Narendra Modi, addressing a public rally on Sunday night, asked their predecessor Manmohan Singh why did they not show the courage to order a surgical strike post the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, despite the readiness of the Army. Read more
■ Hardik Patel in Ahmedabad motorcycle rally: “I am getting very good response from the people and I am very confident.” (ANI)
■ The Ahmedabad Police have refused permission to the BJP and the Congress to hold roadshows by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday.
“Request by BJP and Congress for conducting PM Modi and Rahul Gandhi's road show tomorrow, turned down by Police due to security, law and order reasons and to avoid public inconvenience,” said Anup Kumar Singh, Police Commissioner, Ahmedabad. (PTI)
■ Rahul Gandhi will hold a public meeting at 12pm in Banaskantha district. The Congress president-in-waiting is also scheduled to attend public meetings at Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Gandhinagar districts today.
■ Prime Minister Narendra Modi is back on campaign trail with three public meeting scheduled today. PM Modi will start from Patan at 2pm and address other two rallies in Nadiad (4pm) and Ahmedabad (7.30pm).
My contributions towards NPS, PPF and children's tuition fee together comes to about Rs1.6 lakh. Will a further online contribution of Rs50,000 in NPS be exempt under section 80CCD(1B).
—Akram Ali
You are eligible to claim a tax deduction for contributions to National Pension System (NPS) made by you under section 80CCD of the Income-tax Act, 1961. This deduction is subject to a cap of 10% of your specified salary contributed to NPS (Tier 1 scheme) and is also subject to the overall cap of Rs1.5 lakh per annum permitted for specified investments or expenses under section 80C. You can also claim an additional deduction over and above the Rs1.5 lakh cap towards NPS contributions made by you of up to Rs50,000 per annum, under section 80CCD (1B) of the Act.
Apart from your contributions to NPS, the income tax Act also provides a tax deduction for an employer's contribution to NPS capped to 10% of the specified salary.
I had filed my tax return last year before Aadhaar was made mandatory. If I now want to file an advance tax return, will Aadhaar be mandatory?
—Rajan Haldar
If you wish to pay advance taxes for the financial year (FY) 2017-18, you will need to deposit taxes using the challan specified within the statutory due dates. Advance taxes are due in four instalments—15 June, 15 September, 15 December and 15 March. The payment of advance taxes will not require filing of a return. But if you are eligible to obtain an Aadhaar, it is mandatory for you to link your Aadhaar to your PAN. Aadhaar has to be quoted in your income tax return for FY 2017-18, when it is being filed. An exception will apply only if you are a foreign citizen or a non-resident or a super senior citizen (i.e., above 80 years of age).
I have bought a showroom with my own money. I have rented the place out and earn a monthly rent on it. I plan to take a loan against the rental income, i.e. Lease Rental Discounting (LRD) loan. This means that the monthly rental generated will be equal to my interest amount. However, I will pocket the entire principal and my rentals will take care of payment of the loan. Will the interest be deducted in my tax return?
—Name withheld on request
We have presumed that you are not in the business of letting out properties. Accordingly, the monthly rentals received from the showroom let out by you will be taxable under the head ‘Income from house property' under the Indian tax laws. You could claim a deduction towards the municipal taxes paid for the said property and a flat deduction of 30% of the net annual value (i.e., annual rent minus municipal taxes).
But the deduction for the interest paid on the borrowed capital is allowed only where the loan is availed for the purpose of acquiring , constructing or repairing the property, subject to other specified conditions. Since the loan you are intending to avail is not for any of these purposes, you will not be eligible to avail any deduction for the interest paid on the Lease Rental Discounting Loan when computing your rental income.
Parizad Sirwalla is partner (tax), KPMG.
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
© Stephanie Keith / Reuters
Daniel Ramirez Medina was arrested on Friday after Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents came to their father's house. It is not known why they were seeking to arrest their father, but Ramirez was arrested as well despite having working papers through the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.His arrest is the first involving recipients of DACA.Ramirez's status within the DACA program was renewed, meaning their status was reviewed and disclosed to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)On Monday, Ramirez petitioned the Western District of Washington courts. Their claim said that "despite DHS having twice determined that Mr. Ramirez poses no threat to national security or public safety, they were taken into custody and is being unlawfully detained by ICE."His petition, obtained by The Stranger, notes that DHS maintains a toll-free "Law Enforcement Support Center Hotline" for DACA holders who believe they have been unlawfully arrested. Ramirez's attorney contacted the hotline but was told they could not help.Attorneys for Ramirez remain hopeful that their arrest was merely a blunder. "We are hoping this detention was a mistake," Attorney Ethan Dettmer told the Guardian.His other attorney, Mark Rosenbaum of the legal advocacy group Public Counsel, added, "This case should not see the inside of a courtroom."His case is still being reviewed by the Justice Department.Ramirez is one of 750,000 DACA holders in the country. President Donald Trump claimed on Sunday that "Gang members, drug dealers & others" were being removed as a priority, and they have also made reassurances to DACA holders that they would not be at risk of deportation."They are here illegally," Trump said in an interview with ABC News last month. "They shouldn't be very worried. I do have a big heart. We're going to take care of everybody."
AVONDALE, Ariz. (Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017) – Two days of on-track testing for 21 Verizon IndyCar Series drivers and teams were literally like day and night.
Cars carrying Chevrolet engines and aero kits dominated the day sessions of the Phoenix Raceway open test, while those with Honda equipment filled the top of the leaderboard for the night practices. So, following 12 on-track hours and more than 5,000 laps run on the 1.022-mile oval, the competition for the upcoming 17-race season may be as tight as ever. That's saying something since the last 11 season championships have been decided at the final race.
PHOENIX RACEWAY OPEN TEST RESULTS: Practice 3; Practice 4; Combined results
JR Hildebrand, who returns to a full-season ride this year with Ed Carpenter Racing, claimed the honor of the best lap of the weekend at 193.234 mph (19.0401 seconds) in the No. 21 Fuzzy's Vodka Chevrolet. The lap came early in this afternoon's session and was better than the track record established last year by Helio Castroneves. Hildebrand's lap is not considered an official record because it did not take place during qualifications or the race.
“We'd certainly rather be quick than not and we felt good about the laps we've been putting in,” Hildebrand said at the time. “We were running at a really good time of day. The conditions tailed off a little after we ran our time. We went back out later trying to go even quicker and had a little bit of a moment.”
Hildebrand had a bigger moment in tonight's final practice, crashing into the Turn 4 SAFER Barriers with less than 30 minutes remaining in the three-hour session. It was one of five incidents on the day, though no drivers were injured.
“(I) just clipped Will (Power) with the right front wing on their left rear pod and it must have just torn off part of the front wing,” Hildebrand explained. “I bent it into Turn 3 and was being cautious with it, but I just picked up huge understeer from not having part of the front wing. Couldn't really avoid getting to the outside wall there, tried to hit the brakes to slow down and it just turned me straight into the inside wall on the front straightaway.”
Ed Carpenter, Hildebrand's teammate and boss, had the second-best overall lap of the weekend at 192.404 mph in the No. 20 Fuzzy's Vodka Chevrolet, also logged in today's afternoon practice. The top five spots in the daytime session were filled by Chevy cars, a day after the bowtie brigade held the top four spots.
Tonight's final practice – when cars were fitted into race trim – saw five Honda entries at the top. Ryan Hunter-Reay set the pace in the No. 28 DHL Honda for Andretti Autosport at 189.716 mph. Sebastien Bourdais was second tonight in the No. 18 Dale Coyne Racing Honda at 189.495 mph. Honda cars claimed the first six positions on the speed chart in Friday's night practice.
“The team did a really good job and we got a lot of really good information,” said Bourdais, the four-time Indy car champion who finished in the top 10 of all four open test practices. “Picking a downforce level will be critical when we come back (for the race). It's going to be a ton hotter than it is now. We're just going have to think long and hard about it and see what we come up with. It's definitely not representative now, especially in the night session, of what we're going to be facing in April. Hopefully, we have what we need.”
In addition to Hildebrand, today's on-track incidents involved Alexander Rossi, Graham Rahal, Takuma Sato, Josef Newgarden and Bourdais.
Less than five minutes into the afternoon session, Rossi – last year's Indianapolis 500 winner and Sunoco Rookie of the Year for both that historic race and the entire Verizon IndyCar Series season – spun in the No. 98 NAPA Auto Parts Honda for Andretti Herta Autosport with Curb-Agajanian and backed into the Turn 2 SAFER Barriers.
“I'm not completely sure what happened because the car felt fine – it just got loose and snapped,” Rossi said. “The car was good going into Turn 1, I went down to the bottom and the back end came out. The test has been productive overall, so this is a pretty big setback. This was my first real contact with the wall – better here than in qualifying or the race – and it won't stop me from pushing hard.”
Thirty minutes into the evening session, Rahal had a similar spin and impact in the No. 15 Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing Honda.
“The thing was building understeer up until that point and, once I got close to (Newgarden), the rear just went,” Rahal said. “It's unfortunate, the guys certainly don't need any more work and I obviously didn't want to bring the thing home on the wrecker.”
With just more than an hour remaining in the night practice, Sato spun and backed into the Turn 2 SAFER Barriers.
“We were doing a (run) in qualifying trim, and it looks like we just lost the rear on the second lap,” Sato said. “We need to investigate it, but it looks like we were too light on downforce.”
With 30 minutes left in the night practice, Newgarden's No. 2 Verizon Team Penske Chevrolet made light contact with Bourdais as they battled into Turn 1. Both cars continued after touching and returned to pit lane.
The 2017 Verizon IndyCar Series season opens with the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg on the 1.8-mile temporary street circuit March 12 (noon ET, ABC and the Advance Auto Parts INDYCAR Radio Network). The Phoenix Grand Prix is the fourth race of the season on April 29 (9 p.m. ET, NBCSN and the Advance Auto Parts INDYCAR Radio Network).
Castroneves digs chance to assist Phoenix project groundbreaking
Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves earned Phoenix Raceway's “Speed King” moniker and a real crown last year when they won the Phoenix Grand Prix's pole position by officially setting the track record on the historic 1.022-mile oval with a stunning lap of 192.631 mph and two-lap average of 192.324.
Today, the Brazilian broke new ground. Literally.
Castroneves traded their No. 3 Hitachi Team Penske Chevrolet for a different kind of machine prior to the final day of the two-day Verizon IndyCar Series open test – an excavator.
Castroneves was asked to officially break ground for the “Phoenix Raceway Project powered by DC Solar,” a $178 million modernization for the facility that hosts the Verizon IndyCar Series race. They joined Bryan Sperber, the Phoenix Raceway president, and Jay Frye, INDYCAR president of competition and operations, as well as other dignitaries including 1983 Indianapolis 500 winner Tom Sneva for the ceremony outside Turn 2.
The Team Penske driver took controls of the excavator to do the honors of digging up the first shovelful of dirt.
“That was something,” said Castroneves. “It was the first time I was in one of those machines. Normally I'm told not to break things. This is the first time they are telling me to actually break things.”
Frye was honored that members of INDYCAR played a central role in the ceremony, making it part of the track's Prix View day that allowed fans to attend track action and the groundbreaking free of charge.
“We're certainly very proud to be part of it,” Frye said. “We're very proud to be here and to be back here. It's spectacular what they are doing to this facility. It's already a great facility, a great setting, great area and great history. Now it's going to have spectacular amenities, great for the fans, so it's a really great time for us to be back.”
Late-night icon Leno takes wheel of Indy car
Four-time Verizon IndyCar Series champion Scott Dixon took on driving instructor duties today, but their student was no ordinary novice.
Comedian and former “Tonight Show” host Jay Leno was at Phoenix Raceway today, driving an Indy car under the watchful eyes of Dixon for an upcoming segment of “Jay Leno's Garage” on CNBC. The episode slated for July airing will also include a segment taped two weeks ago when Leno went on a ride-along with Verizon IndyCar Series team co-owner Sam Schmidt in the Arrow semi-autonomous motorcar (SAM) Corvette that the quadriplegic Schmidt drives using breath, voice and head movements.
Following instructions this morning from Dixon in the Chip Ganassi Racing pit, Leno turned laps on the Phoenix Raceway oval in one of the INDYCAR Experience single-seaters – at speeds less than half the 190 mph or so that Dixon averages in their No. 9 Honda. Nevertheless, Leno – the self-described car fanatic – was thrilled with the experience.
“Really fun,” Leno said. “I've driven cars with more power but not that much grip. The level of grip in This is unbelievable. Doing road cars on an oval or something, you feel it start to slip, and this doesn't move at all. It's just planted. That's the biggest difference, I think.”
Leno's connection to Indy car racing is extended. They were the honorary pace car driver for the 1999 Indianapolis 500. They were treated to an Indy car two-seater ride two years ago at Auto Club Speedway with legend Mario Andretti at the wheel.
Dixon enjoyed the experience of working with the iconic television star.
“It's great to see their passion for racing and how knowledgeable they were on the whole INDYCAR field and drivers and different eras,” Dixon said. “But it was also nice just to chat about different cars, about the new Ford GT and different things.
“He did a really good job (driving) and he's not scared. He's really laid back, relaxed. I think for a lot of people this would be a daunting experience, but they definitely took it in stride and really seemed to enjoy it.”
Sources: Curt Cavin/Verizon IndyCar Series PR
© Eric Feferberg / AFP
French actor Brigitte Bardot has spoken out against the state of their country, saying that Islamists are "practically everywhere" and that France should not resemble Algeria.Speaking to the French weekly Valeurs Actuelles, Bardot said that France is not what it once was. "I have been brought up in honor, patriotism, love and respect for my country, and when I see what it has become, I feel desperate," they said. The 83-year-old also said that it is "unacceptable" to see burqas become commonplace in France, and Islamists are "practically everywhere.""I did not fight against French Algeria to accept an Algerian France,," Bardot said.Bardot added that they are a supporter of right-wing National Front politician Marine Le Pen, who has also spoken out against France's membership in the EU. They went on to note their affinity for former French Prime Minister Francois Fillon, who they described as a "good guy."Born in 1934, Bardot was one of the best-known sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s. They retired from the entertainment industry in 1973, after starring in 47 films. They have established themselves as an animal rights activist in recent years. They recently wrote a book, Répliques et Piques, embracing a collection of quotations and aphorisms.
It's a childhood memory Anil Gupta will cherish forever: their father, the publicity designer C Mohan, poring over the logo designs for the 1975 classic Sholay with its director, Ramesh Sippy.
Their father had worked out around 14 different approaches, Gupta remembers, but there was one in particular that stood out. This logo was narrow in the middle and flared out on all four corners, like a 70mm widescreen. It had that epic feel, but they decided it needed to look even more monumental, and cracks were added later to make the letters appear as if they were hewn out of stone.
Today, C Mohan's logo for Sippy's curry western is considered emblematic of the Bollywood style, instantly evoking the cinema of the 1970s in people's minds. However, Sholay was just one of the many films for which they created memorable images. As one of Hindi cinema's leading designers of the '60s and '70s, Mohan worked with many of the prominent production houses and directors of their time – Rajshri Productions, KA Abbas, Sunil Dutt and Manoj Kumar, to name a few – on films such as Geet Gaata Chal, Chitchor, Agent Vinod, Amar Prem, Andaz and Shaheed.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Chandramohan Gupta (to give them their full name) started out painting cinema banners at the age of 14 for the Jai Hind cinema in Kanpur. According to a couple of magazine profiles from the '80s, they left Kanpur shortly after their matriculation, travelling ticketless for 22 days to arrive in Mumbai. They knew no one there, and was forced to live on the streets, sharing a footpath with a blind beggar. The city had dozens of talented banner painters, and they soon discovered there wasn't much work for him. Not that they were looking for it particularly: like every story writer, spot boy and snake supplier in Bollywood, what they really wanted to be been an actor.
Photographer and writer Pradeep Chandra disputes these romanticised accounts: they remember C Mohan as the absent-minded lad in their teens who came to their father, an assistant editor at the Navneet Hindi Digest, with a letter of introduction from a colleague in Allahabad. The boy was dispatched to work under the poster artist Ramkumar Sharma (then employed at Filmistan's art department), but had differences with them and quit after a couple of years to set up their own outfit, Naina Studio, in partnership with Chandra's brother, Shiv Chandra.
Working out of a converted outhouse in the family's Malad home, the two did publicity designs for such obscure films as Mr X (1957), Teesri Galli and Karigar (both 1958). Sixty years later, Chandra remembers cutting out their ads from the papers and pasting them into a scrapbook; they still have a scar on their finger from the Bharat blade they used for the task.
Chandra also remembers Mohan pitching for Bimal Roy's Madhumati (1958), producing many versions of a sketch of Vyjanthimala in Dilip Kumar's lap, but not being able to capture a likeness to Roy's satisfaction.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Eventually, the partnership broke up when Chandra's brother decided to take up work as an assistant director. Mohan may have had similar ambitions, according to their 1984 interview in Rasrang, but they set them aside to set up a solo outfit, working in spaces under stairs or on top of terraces till they eventually found a small room at Famous Studios in Mahalaxmi. Here, employing another artist, Nagraj Chari, they took on whatever work they could find – showcards, song booklets, litho posters, cut-colour separations for screen-printing.
Gradually, clients began to recognise their talent, especially their skills at line illustration. It was a matter of prestige at the time for producers to promote future releases with splashy full-page ads in the broadsheet trade paper Screen. These often featured pen-and-ink drawings, traced from production stills with much stippling and hatching. A typical image showed a hero with windswept hair, each strand drawn separately to create a dense, intricate texture.
Mohan excelled in this kind of work and made it their specialisation in the '60s. Their key influence here was an earlier illustrator, Faiz, whose line work and ornate Chughtai-style designs Mohan held in high regard: Anil Gupta remembers their father showing them a Faiz sketch of Prithviraj Kapoor in Mughal-e-Azam, declaring it to be the work of a true artist.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
During this period, Mohan also gained a reputation for their lettering and logo designs. Here, their approach was often conceptual, using the shape and the arrangement of the letters to communicate the theme of the film. One example is the logo for Aradhana (Worship, 1969), where the ascenders of the central letters fuse in a form that suggests the meaning of the title. The logo for Purab aur Paschim (East and West, 1970) places the word paschim lower than the rest of the text. Echoing the jingoistic lines declaimed by actor-director Manoj Kumar in the film, Mohan explained this was because “our culture is ascending, and theirs is declining. East should always be above West”.
Despite (or perhaps because of) this somewhat literal-minded approach, Mohan became one of Bollywood's most sought-after designers in the '70s. By now, they had set up a busy studio in Worli which employed several other publicity artists as well. Anil Gupta remembers the likes of GP Sippy, Shakti Samanta and Tarachand Barjatya dropping in to look at work in progress. A well-known tattoo artist in New York today, they learned how to draw at the Worli studio.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Gupta describes how they used to clamber up on a stool to paint the ground for large canvasses, and also served as an errand boy on occasion. Sent to fetch photographic prints from Ramesh Sippy's office in Khar, they would show off their treasures on the bus journey back to Worli, getting a kick out of the punters gaping in awe at blow-ups of Hema Malini and Dharmendra.
These very prints would end up featuring in some of Mohan's best-known images. They designed some 16 posters for Sholay and was paid Rs 42,000 for the job, according to the journalist Mohan Deep, who profiled them in Imprint in 1982. Anil Gupta remembers the bulk of the work being done on a tight deadline, their father slaving away to finish two to three artworks a day. Jai and Veeru, Basanti, Thakur Baldev Singh: the images they saw as an impressionable 14-year-old are still etched deeply in their mind.
Mixing photography and painted images, the Sholay designs reflect the pulp violence of the Angry Young Man years. By the '70s, Mumbai's publicity artists had evolved a visual style that can only be described as Bollywood Expressionism, applying lurid colours with palette knives or rough brushstrokes to photographs in order to crank up the emotional intensity of their images. Mohan's work exemplifies this style, seen at its best in a set of showcards they did for Sholay. Here, portraits of the lead actors merge into an overhang of orange flames, while the image of the widow played by Jaya Bhaduri is overlaid with a parched-earth pattern to suggest their barren life.
Image courtesy SMM Ausaja.
Having tasted success as a designer, Mohan ventured into film production in the '70s. It wasn't their first attempt: they had earlier thought of making a film called Aradhana, but the project had fallen apart and they ended up surrendering the title to Shakti Samanta. At the height of the Emergency, they launched a production company to make a film about Indira Gandhi's 20-point programme titled Naya Kadam. The film was never finished, and according to Gupta, its failure affected their father deeply. Though their studio survived into the '90s, Mohan was increasingly out of step with the times, as new technologies began to transform the publicity business radically. They passed away in 1996, at the cusp of the digital age.
Rajesh Devraj is the co-author of The Art of Bollywood (Taschen, 2010), a comprehensive guide to the poster art of Hindi cinema.
"I enjoy the structure and that the Army challenges me to better myself," reasoned Pfc. Austen Thilges, as they spoke to why they appreciate the Army. Thilges is a unit supply specialist with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.26.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082953 VIRIN: 161026-A-PF724-025 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 5.11 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An explosion has reportedly gone off at New York's main bus station - with terrified tourists seen "stampeding" from the scene.
A bomb squad has been dispatched to Manhattan's Port Authority Bus Terminal following the reported blast, witnesses claim.
Taking to Twitter this morning, one woman wrote: "Just was stuck in a running stampede at port authority bus terminal due to bomb scare."
They added: "Cops EVERYWHERE."
The reports are currently unconfirmed.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
“Friday's news of Apple's permit to test self-driving cars in California should not have come as much of a surprise given the poorly kept secret of Project Titan,” Gene Munster writes for Loup Ventures. “But the permit begs the question of whether Apple is building a car or just building software for a car.”
“In an ideal world, Apple's car project would involve the company building the actual automobile, combining hardware and software,” Munster writes. “In reality, the complexity of designing and manufacturing a vehicle may push the company to integrate deeply with an automotive partner or partners in an effort more similar to the Apple TV — plugging Apple's technology into an existing product.”
“Apple is almost certainly exploring how it could build an entire car, but as we learned the hard way with an Apple television, exploration does not mean a product comes to market,” Munster writes. “Apple is the best connected device maker in the world and the car is the biggest connected device in the world.”
Read more in the full article here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A three-year-old boy left their nursery class and walked half-a-mile to home along a "really busy road" without staff noticing.
Liam Radcliffe burst into tears on their doorstep in front of their shocked mum Sarra Reid after they wandered through two sets of doors and an unlocked gate before making their way home.
Thinking there would be a panic, Sarra rushed Liam back to the nursery - only to discover staff had not realised that the tot had gone missing.
Bosses say security measures have been improved following the incident last Thursday at Barassie early years nursery in Ayrshire, the Daily Record reports.
(Image: Daily Record)
Appalled Sarra said: “It is about half-a-mile, or a 10-minute walk. It is a really busy road.
“There are buses, lorries and I don't really want to think what could have happened.
“Liam has actually just turned three. What if I had been out?
“I heard a noise at my front door and it was my little boy crying their eyes out.
“He only had a pair of joggies and a T-shirt on. There was no teacher with them and they told me they wanted to come home.
“I grabbed my phone but there were no messages left for me.
“I put them in the car and drove back to nursery. We were buzzed back in and the teachers just looked perplexed as to how we were walking in together.
“I had expected to see a search going on for him. But when I walked in with him, the staff just looked perplexed. It was then that it dawned on me that they did not know they were missing. I was absolutely horrified.”
(Image: Daily Record)
Bank worker Sarra, 31, said staff told them that they'd had a head count and, at that point, Liam had been playing with a colander on their head.
They said: “Shortly after that, things seem to have gone wrong, because Liam must have been missing for up to 20 minutes and no one seemed to notice.”
It is believed Liam walked out of the nursery through two sets of doors and an unlocked gate.
They would have walked down Burnfoot Avenue before taking a right to walk west on Walker Avenue, before turning on to North Shore Road where they live.
The incident happened last Thursday and Sarra had a meeting with nursery chiefs yesterday.
They were told that, from now on, the main door of the building will be alarmed and the gate will be padlocked.
(Image: Daily Record)
Sarra added: “They also said there would be an additional member of staff when I said that I thought they were understaffed.”
They added: “Thank goodness Liam knew the way home.
“He now knows when they are at nursery that they are not to leave on any account and that if they want to come home, they have to tell the lady.
"I'm glad the nursery have changed their security measures but Liam will be finishing up there soon and hopefully starting at a new nursery.
“I've just lost confidence with the experience there, even though it is very local to us.”
Douglas Hutchison, South Ayrshire Council's director of educational services, confirmed additional security measures had been put in place.
They added: “We take our children's safety very seriously and the new way of working will help ensure that such an incident doesn't happen again.”
Cuba is participating in the 42nd session of the UNESCO World Heritage Committee, underway in Manama, capital of Bahrain
Cuba reiterated its commitment to heritage protection during the general policy debate of the 42nd session of the UNESCO World Heritage Committee, which takes place in Manama, capital of Bahrain.
According to an official statement, this was stated by the Vice President of the National Cultural Heritage Council, Nilson Acosta, who also confirmed the willingness to continue working on the implementation of the Convention on the subject.
The head of the Cuban delegation stressed that the island is committed to an integrated and sustainable heritage management model in which culture and the community are located in the fundamental center of management.
On the other hand, the representation of the Caribbean nation condemned the deliberate destruction of heritage and highlighted the importance of the implementation of UNESCO normative instruments for the protection of heritage in all its forms, particularly in the case of armed conflicts and situations of natural disasters.
They also highlighted the importance of the implementation of the UNESCO cultural work plan for Latin America and the Caribbean, and highlighted the organization's support for the Plan of Ministers of Culture of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), adopted in Havana in 2014, in which the protection of heritage is a fundamental component.
The delegation highlighted the importance of continuing to strengthen actions focused on work related to heritage and sustainable tourism issues; heritage and climate change, and capacity building for small island developing states.
2 killed as small plane crashes in eastern Austria
BERLIN (AP) — An emergency official says a small plane has crashed at an airfield in eastern Austria, killing two people aboard.
Lower Austria province fire service spokesperson Franz Resperger told the Austria Press Agency that the aircraft came down nose-first Wednesday morning in a field next to the runway at the Voeslau-Kottingbrunn airfield, south of Vienna. The two men were trapped in the badly damaged cockpit.
There was no immediate word on the cause of the crash.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Petrol-driven cars and delivery vehicles could be banned from entering Cambridge's Market Square, with hopes electric vehicles will help improve air quality.
A “public dialogue” will need to be had in 2018 to “take a hard look” at areas in the city centre, including the historic Market Square, where petrol vehicles could be banned.
Cllr Lewis Herbert, leader of Cambridge City Council, said Cambridge would be a better city if fewer vehicles had access to the city centre.
Cllr Herbert said: “I think, whenever there are changes proposed in the city centre, there is opposition at the time, but I think everybody realises that by reducing people's ability to drive through the historic core, we are making it a better city.
“We would like to look harder at areas like Market Square. We do need, in 2018, to have a public dialogue about whether to stop cars coming in. We need to look at how to reduce the impact of delivery vehicles, we need to switch them over to clean, electric operators.”
The remarks come after city council Lib Dem leader, Cllr Tim Bick, called for a congestion charge in the city centre.
Speaking at the west central area committee on December 6, Cllr Bick said: “Not only does that sort of measure have the capacity to give us a source of revenue to uplift public transport, but also, you need a measure of demand management to allow public transport to get through.”
“I agree with Cllr Bick,” added Cllr Herbert. We need to look hard at options to cut vehicles at peak times. It is important to help us improve air quality.”
Speaking at the same meeting, Chris Tunstall, transport director for the Greater Cambridge Partnership, said the majority of cars in the city are diesel cars - and air quality is becoming a real issue.
They said the GCP is looking at putting in a “clean air zone” and electric buses.
AP and WiG reports
President Donald Trump will travel to Wisconsin this week to speak at a local factory.
The White House confirms the president will pay a visit to Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan's home state on Tuesday.
State Rep. Tod Ohnstad told The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that Trump will visit the Kenosha headquarters of a tool manufacturer named Snap-on.
It will be the president's first visit to the state since taking office. They canceled plans to visit the state earlier this year amid concerns about protests. Trump was last in Wisconsin in December on their “thank you” tour.
The president is also expected to travel to Atlanta on April 28 to speak at the National Rifle Association's annual leadership forum. That's according to the organization.
They pledged during the campaign to fight to protect the Second Amendment and was endorsed by the NRA.
How Labels Can Affect People's Personalities And Potential
What is it that makes you...you? How much of a person's personality and potential are based on the expectations of others? NPR's Shankar Vedantam explores new research that suggests the labels we use to categorize people affect not just who they are now, but who they'll become in the future.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
We begin this next item with the question, what is it that makes you you? A person's personality and potential can be tricky things to pinpoint and measure. On today's Morning Edition, NPR's Shankar Vedantam looked at the world of personality testing and what these tests can and cannot tell us about ourselves. And now they explore new research that asks another question - can the ways we categorize people affect not just who they are now, but who they'll become in the future?
SHANKAR VEDANTAM, BYLINE: Our story begins in Anhui province in China in 1987. A young Chinese couple, Xiaoqi and Youngsheng, were ready to start a family. The timing was right. It was soon going to be 1988, a most significant year in the Chinese zodiac. After 11 years of rats and roosters and snakes and sheep, it was finally going to be the year of the dragon.
(SOUNDBITE OF DRUMS)
VEDANTAM: According to Chinese tradition, there's no better year for a child to be born. Dragon kids are destined for greatness. When Xiaoqi and Youngsheng's son Han Yu arrived, they already had big plans for him. Xiaoqi, a doctor, wanted Han Yu to be even better educated than himself, ideally at a top-ranked university in the United States. Great things were expected from the little boy.
HAN YU: This idea is kind of indoctrined (ph) in my mind. So when they - when people ask me what I want to do, I really think that I want to be a Ph.D. in the future. I want to be a doctor.
VEDANTAM: When Han Yu was in middle school, their father came home one day bearing an armful of textbooks.
H. YU: And they just came back and put some books in my bookcase. And I asked him, hey, Dad, what did you buy? They told me that those are some textbooks for master degree students to practice their English. You know, at that time I was 13.
VEDANTAM: Han Yu finished college and their master's degree in China and enrolled in an economics Ph.D. program at Louisiana State University. That's where they met a mentor, the economist Naci Mocan. When Han Yu told Mocan about life in China, they talked about the Chinese zodiac and the power of the year of the dragon. They started thinking about whether it was better or worse to be born a dragon kid. Mocan says their hunch was that it was actually a disadvantage.
NACI MOCAN: If there is half a million extra kids born in the year of the dragon, those kids will have more peers in the classrooms. There would be fewer resources per child in the schools. The classrooms will be a little bit more crowded, et cetera. We would expect worse educational outcomes rather than better.
VEDANTAM: They decided to test their hypothesis. The Chinese government has a trove of data about the academic performance of middle schoolers, demographic surveys, interviews with parents and household income. The two researchers found to their surprise that dragon kids did better than their peers.
MOCAN: They actually have higher test scores in middle school.
VEDANTAM: These kids also outperform their classmates in high school.
MOCAN: Even at these standardized nationwide university entrance exams dragon kids score better.
VEDANTAM: At first, Han Yu and Mocan came up with a straightforward explanation - teachers who believed in the zodiac were probably granting higher grades to dragon kids. But college-level entrance exams are graded by a computer, not humans. The two economists found that dragon kids didn't have higher self-confidence. Surveys found that these students didn't think they were smarter than other kids. In fact, they weren't smarter. They scored the same on IQ tests. So what explained their success?
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
H. YU: Yeah, it's just the software. Basically every Chinese use this - uses this thing. (Speaking Chinese).
YOUNGSHENG YU: (Speaking Chinese).
VEDANTAM: From their office at Louisiana State University Han Yu calls their parents in China. It turns out the success of dragon babies lies not with the schools or the teachers or even the kids themselves. It's because of parents like Xiaoqi Yu and Youngsheng. From the moment Han Yu was born, their parents had sky-high expectations for him. These beliefs became a self-fulfilling prophecy. As Han Yu chatted with their parents, I asked if they could translate a question for me.
Could you ask your parents whether they think that your success is partly because you were born in the year of the dragon?
H. YU: (Speaking Chinese).
XIAOQI YU: (Speaking Chinese).
H. YU: They said that during those years when I grew up, perhaps this also affect - potentially affect their behaviors they invest on me.
VEDANTAM: Han Yu and their parents, in other words, were the living embodiment of the research that Han Yu was doing. I asked Han Yu's father what their reaction was seeing that their dream for their child had come true.
X. YU: (Speaking Chinese).
VEDANTAM: The answer?
H. YU: My father said that actually, their dream has not completely become true because - and they wish - they expect that I should have more and better accomplishment. And also, they expect me to continue study in the U.S. So I guess for me it's going to be a postdoc. Yeah.
VEDANTAM: And what's your reaction to that, Han?
H. YU: Well, I guess I'll work harder. I don't want my parents to - I don't want to let them down, I think. And to get a postdoc in a good - better university is also my dream, so...
VEDANTAM: Throughout our lives, we evaluate our children, our students, our friends and our colleagues. What isn't always clear to them or to us is the power of these expectations to transform people's lives. Sometimes our expectations attach leaden weights to wings and keep dreams from taking flight. Other times our beliefs can lift people up, make them run harder and reach for more. Shankar Vedantam, NPR News.
SIEGEL: And Shankar Vedantam is the host of the Hidden Brain podcast and radio program.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young woman who was told they could spend their life bent into a 90-degree angle has shown off their incredible transformation after a gruelling five-hour surgery .
Emily Jackson from Oadby in Leicester suffers from scoliosis, which means they have a sideways bend in their spine.
The 20-year-old was told there was a risk they could be paralysed if anything went wrong with the procedure - and they could even go blind.
But in 2016 the aesthetic therapist, who works for leading skincare company DermaCare Direct, went ahead with the radical spinal fusion to correct the C-shape with metal rods, screws and hooks.
Before they went into surgery though, they said they made sure they did lots of cartwheels "as I knew I would not be able to do them for a while.”
Now Emily says she's feeling more confident than ever after years spent hiding their body under baggy clothes.
(Image: Emily Jackson)
(Image: Emily Jackson)
And they say a foot-long scar left behind following the procedure is now barely visible - thanks to a ‘magic' cream.
Emily said: “I first noticed that I had scoliosis when I was 13. As I was getting older I realised that my body was changing.
“One side of my body had started to go in at the waist which is when I realised that I was constantly leaning to the left.
“After that I was left really conscious about the way my body looked and decided to live in baggy clothing.”
After countless trips to see specialists Emily was finally diagnosed with idiopathic scoliosis at 43 degrees as well as Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a rare inherited condition that effects tissue supporting skin, internal organs and bones.
“I was told that if I did not have surgery my body would be at a 90-degree angle by the time I was 40 years old,” Emily said. “But other than wearing baggy clothing I decided to carry on as normal.”
(Image: Emily Jackson)
Emily got their first job at the age of 16 but found it difficult to keep up with everyone else.
They said: “Every time I had to bend down it felt like my spine was burying itself under the muscles in my back.
“Luckily I was training to be a beauty therapist meaning that I was receiving massages every day. Without this I don't know how I would have been able to cope with the constant stabbing pain.”
After putting up with the agonising pain for two years and passing their driving test despite their physical difficulties, Emily decided it was time to take action.
They explained: “I had several pre-op appointments to make sure that my body could withstand the surgery.
“I made sure to do my homework on the surgery by watching lots of gruesome videos and reading a lot of blogs.
“When the day came I made sure to do lots of cartwheels as I knew I would not be able to do them for a while.”
Emily, who was treated at Nottingham Hospital, continued: “On the morning of my surgery I was immediately taken to a room to meet all of my surgeons.
(Image: Emily Jackson)
“After meeting everyone I saw with one man who was telling me all the risks of my surgery.
"Like you could potentially be paralysed if anything went wrong and because I was laying on my front for five hours there was also a risk of me going blind.
“After contemplating whether this was the right decision, I decided to sign everything off and go ahead.”
Emily's gruelling five-hour procedure was a success but they still faced a long road to recovery.
They initially spent five days in hospital where physiotherapists began trying to teach them how to walk with their new, straight back.
Emily said: “I immediately wanted to arch my back but couldn't. I made it down the hall and up a few steps before going back to my room.
“A couple of days later I was out of the hospital and back home, where my mum and my partner cared for me for the next couple of weeks. The first couple of weeks after surgery were excruciatingly painful and hard but I managed to get through.
(Image: Emily Jackson)
“I found it difficult to get back on my feet but after having a lot of support I managed to find a new job.”
Emily is now thriving in their role at Dermacare Direct but struggled day-to-day with a huge scar from the surgery which covered the length of their back.
As experts in skin, they turned to their colleagues for help.
Emily said: “I have always disliked the look of my scar. It was very raised, red, itchy and dry.
“It sits just near my bra strap and runs right to the bottom of my tailbone, so it's quite big. Probably a little bigger than a 30cm ruler.”
As time went on Emily's scar got worse than their skin continued to produce more collagen.
There are two kinds of scars. A keloid is a tough heaped-up scar, often coloured pink or purple, that rises abruptly above the skin.
In comparison, a hypertrophic scar - like Emily's - is characterised by deposits of excessive amounts of collagen, causing a less raised mark, often forming around pimples, body piercings, cuts and burns.
Emily tried dozens of products to help the appearance of the scar including gels, oils and silicone sheets, but nothing worked.
“It was starting to get thicker and dryer,” they said.
“I had tried other scar gels but I just didn't have any luck. I found that the silicone sheets would ping off whilst I was wearing them and the gels were far too sticky.
“They would stick to my clothes and it would make it really uncomfortable.
“If I applied them before bed I would wake up in the night and the sheets or my pyjama top would be stuck to me.
“A nurse who works with me recommended a new silicone gel called Nourisil MD, which works on scars that are old, too.”
Nourisil MD contains five different silicones and vitamin E and works by forming an invisible layer that hydrates and protects scars on all areas of the body.
Women Police contingent takes part in a march during the full dress rehearsal for the 71st Independence Day function at Bakhshi Stadium in Srinagar on Sunday. Photo: PTI
Srinagar: Internet and mobile phone services were suspended in Kashmir Valley as a precautionary measure on Independence Day on Tuesday, officials said.
Only BSNL landline service was functional in the valley. Internet facilities and services of all other mobile phone operators were suspended as a precautionary measure on the 71st Independence Day, the officials said.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yerry Mina could leave Barcelona this summer with Everton opening talks over a possible deal for the Colombian centre-back.
Mina, 23, was a stand-out performer at the heart of the Colombian defence during a World Cup campaign which ended in penalty shoot-out defeat by England last night.
They became the first defender to score a goal in each of their first three World Cup matches in the tournament's history, including the late equaliser which forced England into extra-time of their Round of 16 match, report Liverpool Echo.
They have struggled to force their way into the Barcelona starting line up since signing from Palmeiras in January and sources in Spain say Barça are willing to let them go.
(Image: REUTERS)
With Seville's Clement Lenglet already lined up as a replacement and a deal in place to sign Gremio midfielder Arthur Melo, Barcelona would need to free up a non-EU place in their squad.
Barça may prefer a season-long loan rather than a permanent deal and Everton would be open to that idea.
The Catalan giants paid €11.8m for Mina but insisted on a buyout clause in their five-year contract of €100m.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Asked about their future after last night's World Cup exit Mina said: "In my head right now, I am thinking about returning to Barça.
"Now's not the moment to talk about my future, but the World Cup has helped me rediscover myself and reaffirm myself as a footballer.
"God gave me my talent. What I need is to always play to the best of my ability and enjoy my football. After that, I'm always calm and I trust God."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Everton need defensive reinforcements with Ramiro Funes Mori having left the club and Ashley Williams' future uncertain - and Mina is a player that Blues Director of Football Marcel Brands and manager Marco Silva both admire.
Mina scored nine goals in 49 appearances for Palmeiras in Brazil and in their first season with the Brazilian team they were chosen as the best centre back of the Campeonato Paulista in 2017.
Reports linking Everton with a deal for Rennes' Albanian defender Ramy Bensebaini, meanwhile, are premature.
By The Associated Press
A U.S. Open Series event Monday At The Lindner Family Tennis Center Mason, Ohio Purse: Men, $4.97 million (Masters 1000); Women, $2.54 million (Premier) Surface: Hard-Outdoor Singles Men First Round
Tommy Paul, United States, def. Donald Young, United States, 6-4, 7-6 (4).
Richard Gasquet, France, def. John-Patrick Smith, Australia, 6-4, 6-4.
Ivo Karlovic, Croatia, def. Jiri Vesely, Czech Republic, 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
Fabio Fognini, Italy, def. Daniil Medvedev, Russia, 7-6 (5), 6-4.
Feliciano Lopez, Spain, def. Chung Hyeon, South Korea, 7-6 (5), 6-1.
Mitchell Krueger, United States, def. Benoit Paire, France, 6-2, 6-1.
Sam Querrey (15), United States, def. Stefan Kozlov, United States, 6-3, 6-0.
Frances Tiafoe, United States, def. Maximilian Marterer, Germany, 6-3, 7-6 (2).
Joao Sousa, Portugal, def. Kyle Edmund, Britain, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3.
Mischa Zverev, Germany, def. Fernando Verdasco, Spain, 6-4, 6-4.
Women First Round
Petra Kvitova (14), Czech Republic, def. Anett Kontaveit, Estonia, 1-6, 7-6 (2), 6-3.
Beatriz Haddad Maia, Brazil, def. Lauren Davis, United States, 6-3, 6-2.
Lesia Tsurenko, Ukraine, def. Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Russia, 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-0.
Daria Gavrilova, Australia, def. Kristina Mladenovic (13), France, 6-0, 7-6 (6).
Camila Giorgi, Italy, def. Katerina Siniakova, Czech Republic, 6-2, 6-2.
Kiki Bertens, Netherlands, def. Oceane Dodin, France, 6-3, 6-0.
Taylor Townsend, United States, def. Monica Puig, Puerto Rico, 3-6, 6-3, 6-2.
Roberta Vinci, Italy,def. Timea Babos, Hungary, 7-5, 7-5.
Yulia Putintseva, Kazakhstan, def. Veronica Cepede Royg, Paraguay, 6-4, 3-6, 6-3.
Daria Kasatkina, Russia, def. Aliaksandra Sasnovich, Belarus, 6-4, 6-2.
Madison Keys (16), United States, def. CoCo Vandeweghe, United States, 6-4, 3-6, 6-3.
Carla Suarez Navarro, Spain, def. Mirjana Lucic-Baroni, Croatia, 6-3, 7-5.
Doubles Men First Round
Roberto Bautista Agut and David Ferrer, Spain, def. Paolo Lorenzi, Italy, and Albert Ramos-Vinolas, Spain, 1-6, 7-6 (2), 10-6.
Ryan Harrison, United States, and Michael Venus, New Zealand, def. Steve Johnson, United States, and Daniel Nestor, Canada, 6-2, 6-3.
Fabrice Martin and Edouard Roger-Vasselin, France, def. John Isner and Donald Young, United States, 6-7 (4), 6-3, 10-5.
Jean-Julien Rojer, Netherlands, and Horia Tecau, Romania, def. Jared Donaldson and Stefan Kozlov, United States, 6-3, 6-4.
Women First Round
Andreja Klepac, Slovenia, and Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez, Spain, def. Elise Mertens, Belgium, and Demi Schuurs, Netherlands, 6-2, 6-2.
Hsieh Su-wei, Taiwan, and Monica Niculescu, Romania, def. Johanna Konta, Britain, and Christina McHale, United States, 6-2, 6-2.
Julia Goerges, Germany, and Olga Savchuk, Ukraine, def. Varvara Lepchenko, United States, and Magdalena Rybarikova, Slovakia, 7-6 (2), 6-4.
Irina-Camelia Begu and Raluca Olaru, Romania, def. Abigail Spears, United States, and Katarina Srebotnik (8), Slovenia, 3-6, 7-5, 10-6.
Alla Kudryavtseva, Russia and Alicja Rosolska, Poland, def. Anastasija Sevastova, Latvia, and Donna Vekic, Croatia, 3-6, 6-3, 10-5.
Shuko Aoyama, Japan, and Darija Jurak, Croatia, def. Lauren Davis and Alison Riske, United States, 6-2, 7-5.
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Premier League action makes a quick return to Turf Moor tonight night as Burnley play hosts to Stoke City, kick off 7.45. The match quickly follows on from the incident packed 1-0 victory over Watford on Saturday when Johann Berg Gudmundsson increased their assists in the league this season to 5.
A 5th win in the last 7 league games for Sean Dyche's Clarets has narrowed the gap to 2 points in the race for a Champions League place.
While that possibility may seem very much tongue in cheek for the EPL media observers, European football at Turf Moor next season is getting a little closer for Sean Dyche's team of the moment.
To talk in such terms would have been considered ridiculous at the start of the season but then again who would ever have thought Leicester City could possibly win the Premier League?
Stoke are the second oldest professional club in the world and share with Burnley the honour of being one of the Founder members of the Football League. It is nearly 10 years since Mark Hughes' men were promoted to the Premier League and they have comfortably finished around mid table at the end of each season.
In 2011 they reached the FA Cup Final where they were narrowly beaten 1-0 by Manchester City, leading to their own season in Europe.
In many ways, the Potters achievements are what many Burnley fans would be very happy for the Clarets to emulate. It really is all about survival and good cup runs for most Premier League clubs outside of the "Big Six".
Hughes took over the reins from Tony Pulis in 2013 and currently finds their team only 3 points above the relegation zone.  They are the latest Premier League manager to be in danger of losing their job following the 5-1 defeat to Spurs at the weekend.
The Welshman is playing down such talk, pointing to the fact that in the 6 league games before the Spurs game, their team were in the top 10 of the Premier League form table with 8 points from 2 wins and 2 draws.
Hughes however, cannot hide from the fact that their team seem to be low in confidence and spirit. Not only has they to try and pick up their players after the heavy defeat to Spurs but they also had to discipline one of their unused substitutes who left the bench 15 minutes before the end of their recent game against Swansea.
Stoke's away form is poor with only 1 win and 5 defeats in their 8 games. They are a team who blow hot and cold but it is up to the Clarets to take advantage of the soft centre that has seen them concede 35 league goals this season, the most in the division.
In sharp contrast, Burnley's win against Watford brought up the Clarets fourth home win and 8th clean sheet of the season.
The strength of the Burnley squad is deep this season and despite going into the Hornets encounter with 4 regular first team players missing, the Clarets still managed to come away with a win.
Eire international Kevin Long, deputising for captain and lynchpin Ben Mee on Saturday, probably played their best ever game for the Clarets but it seems likely they will make way for the fit again Ben Mee tonight.
Scott Arfield , justified their inclusion in place of the unlucky Robbie Brady, calmly taking their goal in typical fashion and looked to be getting stronger as the game wore on.
Phil Bardsley looks like they have made the right back position their own and the outstanding Matthew Lowton will have to fight hard to win back their place. I hope Dyche has a quiet word with Bardsley before the match, because Stoke will undoubtedly try to wind up their former player during the match.
The biggest compliment I can give goalkeeper Nick Pope is that most people I talk to these days would be happy to see them continue in goal to the end of the season. Their amazing record of clean sheets and lack of goals conceded really is hard to believe.
England international and club captain Tom Heaton will undoubtedly be fit again at some stage during the second half of the season and be looking for an opportunity to impress Gareth Southgate before the World Cup. On current form Pope might just beat them to a seat on the plane to Russia.
Burnley's home record against Stoke in the Premier League reads played 3, won 1 and drawn 2.
Turf Moor has seen fewer goals than any other Premier League side this season. In the eight games played so far there has been a total of just 10 goals.
Tonight threatens to be a cold one for the brave hearted fans who will need to be warmed up by a good Clarets performance and hopefully bring another 3 points to make their European dream that much more real.
This Burnley centric match preview was written by Michael Donnelly, alias "The Donz", who contributes regularly on behalf of Clarets Mad. (TEC).
KHUSHAB: Three accused were killed and two police personnel injured after a prisoner van came under an attack in Khushab on Friday.
According to police officials, the incident took place in Khushab when unidentified gunmen opened fire at a police van carrying prisoners, resulting in the killing of all three prisoners and injury to two police officials.
The injured police officers were shifted to a nearby hospital for treatment. The bodies of the dead prisoners would be handed over to the heirs after the completion of medico-legal formalities.
Brock was on the wrong side of history Wednesday night at the Class 3A softball state tournament.
Senior pitcher Saidi Castillo recorded the first perfect game in 3A state tourney history and struck out 12 as Santa Gertrudis Academy again dealt Brock a losing hand, 5-0 at McCombs Field.
“Last year they struck us out five times,” Brock coach Ryan Starnes said.
It was the third perfect game at the state tournament since 2014 and the first no-hitter in 3A since 2009.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“We tried to get ready the same way, but they were just really good tonight,” Starnes said.
The Lions (39-1) dropped multiple bunts in the second inning, and forced a low throw to first which allowed one run to score.
Castillo (21-0) struck out the side in the second and third innings, and again in the fifth.
But Brock pitcher Mattye Tyler (28-5) kept the Eagles in the game early.
“No doubt and Mattye has done that all year,” Starnes said.
Brock didn't get a hit, but the Eagles made one superb play after another on defense to stay close to the Lions, who left 12 runners on base.
SGA loaded the bases in the first, but Kelsi Tonips fell to their left while catching a hard liner. Tonips caught another liner in the second and doubled off a runner.
SGA hit a soft liner to shortstop Payton Gasca to end the third with two on, and Jessica Leek fielded a hard grounder in the fourth before getting the force out.
Gasca made a diving catch between short and third to end the fifth.
Another error in the sixth scored SGA's second run. The Lions got RBI singles by Alyssa Gonzalez and Jackie DeLosSantos and an RBI triple from Yadira Lopez to make it 5-0.
“We're a good offense, but sometimes a pitcher has it and boy, they had it tonight,” Starnes said.
The Eagles (33-6) reached the state tournament for the third-straight season, but have been eliminated in the semis all three times.
“Tonight didn't end the way we wanted, but that doesn't take away any of their accomplishments,” Starnes said. “Three straight trips to state – we've never done that before in Brock softball history.”
Brock has won 132 games in four years and send seniors Bailey Wagner, Kacie Gilreath, Anarenee Beyer and Tyler off to the next level.
“I hate to see it end like this for this group, but I'm super proud of them,” Starnes said.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has insisted 'nothing has changed' in the Philippe Coutinho saga ahead of the Reds' crunch Champions League qualifier in Hoffenheim.
The Anfield hierarchy released a statement last week saying their star man is not for sale amid interest from Barcelona.
Catalan giants Barça are keen to spend a chunk of the near-£200million windfall they received from Neymar's move to Paris Saint-Germain on the Brazilian.
Playmaker Coutinho wants the switch and has handed in an official transfer request, but Klopp is steadfast in their assertion that their midfielder is not for sale.
“Nothing has changed,” they said in their pre-Hoffenheim press conference.
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: PA)
"Not one one side or the other side. He's not available for us at the moment. That's main issue.
"It would have helped us this year (if the window had shut when the season started). The whole market has changed this year.
"In car on the way to the press conference I wasn't thinking about it (Coutinho). I only think about players I have in this moment."
Reds skipper Jordan Henderson admitted the situation is 'difficult' but insists everyone in the dressing room wants Coutinho to stay.
“It is a difficult situation for Phil and whatever I say will probably not help the situation,” said the Reds skipper.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The transfer window is open and you have to expect things like this to happen. But if you ask anyone in the team of course they want them to stay.
"I don't think I can influence the situation but I can have conversations with him.
“But at the end of the day anything that happens has nothing to do with me.”
Liverpool drew 3-3 in their Premier League opener at Watford on Saturday as they now look towards their must-win two-legged tie against Hoffenheim to seal their place in the group stage of the Champions League.
And Klopp is wary of the threat the Bundesliga side pose.
“They are strong, we are strong and that's how it should be," they added. "Both have big aims.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are some popular misconceptions about depression.
Depression isn't necessarily feeling sad, or blue, or constantly being in tears. Nor is the person living with it always dishevelled and messy and holed up in their bedroom all the time.
Depression manifests itself in many ways, and doesn't need to be triggered by an event.
Mum and writer of The Relatable Mom , Brittany Ernsperger, lives with depression and anxiety.
A photo they recently shared highlights how depression can take the most innocuous and simple forms.
"This is what depression looks like."
Brittany's Facebook post shows a pile of washed dishes drying on the side.
But it's not the fact that the dishes have been cleaned. It's the fact that they built up over the course of two weeks which shows of depression creeps in to every day life.
"Three days ago I sat on the kitchen floor and stared at them while I cried. I knew they needed to be done. I wanted to do them so bad.
"But depression pulled me under. It sucked me in. Like a black hole. Rapidly, sinking quick-sand."
"I walked by them morning and night and all day long. And just looked at them. Telling myself that I could do them. Telling myself that I would.
"And feeling defeated everyday that I didn't. Making the depression only that much worse because not accomplishing something that needs to be done is failure.
"Worthless. Failure. Piece of s**t. Incompetent. Stupid. Lazy.
"All things that roll through the mind of someone with depression. All. Day. Long."
In their heartrending post, Brittany also describes the fear they live with that their husband will leave her, the fact they feel like she's failing their kids and she's worried about that people will think when you let them in your home.
They finish with an important message.
"I don't even care if the only thing you did today, was put deodorant on. I'm proud of you for it. Good job. I'm in your corner. I'm on your side."
Brittany's words have struck a chord with other mums in particular.
"Perfect words for several of us!!" read one of the hundreds of comments on the post.
The board of Zee Entertainment Enterprise Ltd, in a meeting held on Friday approved acquisition of 100% stake in 9X Media Pvt. Ltd and INX Music Pvt. Ltd, the company said in a regulatory filing. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Media conglomerate Zee Entertainment has acquired 100% stake in two media entities, 9X Media and INX Music, in a Rs160-crore cash deal. Besides, the company has also bought remaining 26% stake in Zee Turner Ltd for Rs2.6 lakh, a 74% subsidiary of the company.
The board of Zee Entertainment Enterprise Ltd, in a meeting held on Friday approved acquisition of 100% stake in 9X Media Pvt. Ltd and INX Music Pvt. Ltd, the company said in a regulatory filing.
9X Media operates five music channels—9XM (Hindi), 9X Jalwa (Hindi), 9X Jhakkas (Marathi), 9XO (English) and 9X Bajao (Hindi).
INX Music is a 70.85% subsidiary of 9XM and engaged in the business of broadcasting a Punjabi music channel 9X Tashan, under its wholly owned subsidiary Paul Entertainment.
A Bourbon County, KS roofer is banned from operating as a roofing contractor in the State of Kansas.
District Judge Mark A. Ward approved the default judgment after Shane Bailey, of Fort Scott, doing business as Bailey Construction, failed to respond to a lawsuit filed against him. Bailey was also ordered to pay the attorney general's investigation costs and a civil penalty.
Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt accused Bailey of operating as a roofing contractor without properly registering as required by the Kansas Roofing Registration Act (KRRA). Schmidt also alleged that Bailey violated the Kansas Consumer Protection Act by engaging in a door-to-door sale without giving the required notice of the consumer's three-day right to cancel and cashing the consumer's check before the required five-day waiting period.
Schmidt also announced they have entered into consent judgments with seven other roofing contractors for violations of the KRRA. The settlements require the companies to pay civil penalties for KRRA violations. They also require the companies to comply with the KRRA when providing roofing services in the future. The seven roofing contractors fined are:
• A-1 Roofing, Renovation & Construction, LLC, Shawnee County District Court, Case No. 2018-CV-143
• Above it All Roofing & Contracting, LLC, Johnson County District Court, Case No. 2018-CV-1310
• Jason Bowman, dba Bowman Property Solutions, formerly Grounds Care, LLC, Johnson County District Court, Case No. 2018-CV-735
• George Cook, Crawford County District Court, Case No. 2018-CV-14-P
• Bill Haley, dba Haley & Sons Construction, dba Haley & Sons Quality Restoration, Bourbon County District Court, Case No. 2018-CV-26
• Rafael Menjivar, Harvey County District Court, Case No. 2018-CV-32
• Paulo Soares dba Roof Restoration, Johnson County, Case No. 2018-CV-1315
In each case, Schmidt alleged the defendants engaged in advertising, soliciting or performing roofing contractor services in Kansas without registering with the attorney general's office as required by the KRRA.
Copies of the judgments are available at www.ag.ks.gov/roofer-enforcement.
Polish Supreme Court Head Defies Ruling Party As Crisis Deepens
Enlarge this image toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP Czarek Sokolowski/AP
The head of Poland's Supreme Court defiantly arrived at work on Wednesday in Warsaw, rejecting a law by the right-wing government that aims at forcing them and many other top judges into retirement.
The controversial law is at the center of the storm of Poland's broader constitutional crisis, which is straining its relationship with the European Union.
"I want to show that the constitution and the violation of the constitution are two different things," Malgorzata Gersdorf told crowds of protesters, The Associated Press reported. They were chanting "Judges are not removable!"
"I still hope that the legal order will be restored in Poland," Gersdorf told the demonstrators.
Gersdorf had been told to step down at midnight because of a new law that lowers the retirement age of Supreme Court judges from 70 to 65. They argue that they must be allowed to finish their term that ends in 2020.
toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP
The new law could have sweeping consequences for the Supreme Court, potentially impacting nearly half its judges in what critics call a purge, as NPR's Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson reported: "The government claims the forced retirements are aimed at fighting corruption and improving judicial efficiency."
Judges may request that the president allow them to stay on beyond the official retirement age. Some did apply, according to the BBC, but "Gersdorf was one of 11 judges who refused to make such an appeal."
The new moves are part of a broader set of aggressive actions taken by the ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) that entrenches its control over the judiciary, raising alarm from critics who see it as the government overstepping its legal authority. The Associated Press spells it out:
"After already having taken control of common courts and the constitutional court, the ruling right-wing Law and Justice party now has captured control of the Supreme Court, the final appeals court for all civil and criminal cases, and the body that authorizes election results."
The changes have drawn formal criticism from the European Union. The European Commission said earlier this week that they "undermine the principle of judicial independence." It said it was launching an "infringement procedure," which could result in Poland being referred to the European Court of Justice. The Polish government was given one month to respond.
However, it's quite unlikely that the process will result in sanctions against Poland.
"Such actions require unanimous support of other EU bloc states," Soraya reported. "Hungary, where the government is carrying out its own purge of its critics, has already declared it will veto any actions against Warsaw."
toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki faced questions about the changes at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France.
"We don't want to rock the European boat," Morawiecki said, according to the AP. "We firmly believe that the European Union has future ahead, we only want our individual, national values to be respected."
Demonstrators gathered in multiple Polish cities on Wednesday, and the wire service reports that they marched to the Presidential Palace to express their discontent with the actions of President Andrzej Duda.
Gersdorf was not blocked from entering the Supreme Court building Wednesday, according to The New York Times. But it remains to be seen what authorities will do tomorrow. The newspaper reported that Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of Poland's ruling party, said Gersdorf is "doomed to fail miserably."
Eighteen homes worth a total of $12,984,500 changed hands in deeds filed with Town Clerk Barbara Serfilippi July 23-31, with $30,523 in conveyance taxes collected. Transfers included:
11 Acorn Place: Mark and Sarah Blandford to Matthew Leonard and Annmarie Smith, July 18, $750,000.
214 High Ridge Avenue: 214 High Ridge Associates LLC of Greenwich to Nicolas Carcelen and Cameron Cole-Carcelen of High Ridge Avenue, July 24, $675,000.
43 Twin Ridge Road: John and Janet Salciccioli to Thomas and Andrea McCann, July 24, $860,000.
105 Scodon Drive: Christopher and Mary Conte to Joseph Rahtelli II and Kaitlyn Van Ake of July 24, $650,000.
14 Stonewall Lane: Robert and Peggy Lamneck of Stonewall Lane to Sean Christopher Smith and Amanda Turner of Stamford, July 25, $1,025,000.
16 Rowland Lane: Sturges Brothers Inc of Bailey Avenue to Tammy Gartner, July 25, $640,000.
75 Soundview Road: Gregory and Patricia Ackley to Ryan Kaupelis and Jennifer Meyers, July 26, $645,000.
52 Mimosa Circle: Robert Jackson and Elizabeth Clark to Scott and Meredith Clark of Greenwich, July 26, $590,000.
262 Keeler Drive: BRS LLC. to Anthony and Janine Carboni, July 27, $775,000.
64 Holmes Road: Michael and Carlyn Bergman to Gelin Lei and Jian Luo of Olcott Way. July 27, $815,000.
131 Ramapoo Road: Jonathan and Katherine Garand to Dzmitry Zhykh and Veranika Hyrn, July 28, $385,000.
17 Mimosa Court: Patrick and Jacqueline Becke Deane to Robert and Elizabeth Clarke-Jackson of Mimosa Court, July 28, $700,000.
74 Whipstick Road: Hope Gaisser Trust to Matthew and Katherine Schardt of Silver Spring Road, July 31, $885,000.
70 Norrans Ridge Drive: George and Beverly Novy to Livea James Pellissery and Nevil John Pozholiparambil of Stamford, July 31, $1,325,000.
38 Stony Hill Road: Terrence and Geraldine Shay to Maximilian Capshaw and Roisin Orourke, July 31, $499,500.
14 Woodchuck Lane: Stephen Cavazuti and Ann McCarthy to Matthew and Brittany Coogan, July 31, $675,000.
22 North Salem Road: Michael and Lara Darcy of Dublin, Ireland, to John Pollard and Leslie Bernstein., July 31, $535,000.
635 North Salem Road: John Hartcorn of Danbury to Mary Keller, July 31, $530,000.
Russia's Bolshoi Theatre Brings Anna Karenina Ballet To Modern Era The world-famous Bolshoi Theatre is a Russian icon. But a new staging of the ballet Anna Karenina takes the beloved Russian epic — and the theater — into the 21st century. NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Bolshoi principal dancer Olga Smirnova.
Lane Kiffin will not be Alabama's offensive coordinator for the national championship game against Clemson next Monday, the school announced today.
In a profoundly bizarre way, this news alternately qualifies as both a bombshell, and not that surprising. Last week, Kiffin, who is leaving to become head coach at Florida Atlantic University, basically said they didn't have any happy memories of working with Nick Saban.
Steve Sarkisian will be taking over Alabama's offense, effective immediately.
London: Egypt star Mohamed Salah won the prestigious BBC African Player of the Year award on Monday, rewarded for a 2017 packed with sparkling displays for Liverpool, Roma and their national team.
The 25-year-old topped a poll that saw a record number of votes cast after firing Egypt to the final of the Africa Cup of Nations and almost single-handedly taking Egypt to their first World Cup finals since 1990, scoring five and setting up their other two goals in qualifying.
Salah, the Premier League`s top scorer with 13 goals, also scored 10 times in all competitions for Serie A club Roma in 2017 before making the move to Merseyside.
"I am very happy to win this award," Salah told BBC Sport.
"It`s always a special feeling when you win something. I feel like I had a great year, so I`m very happy."
Salah beat a star-studded cast of rivals to become the third Egyptian to win the award and first since Mohamed Aboutrika picked up the gong in 2008.
Gabon`s Borussia Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Guinean Naby Keita, their future Liverpool team-mate currently at RB Leipzig, fellow Reds star Sadio Mane of Senegal and Chelsea`s Nigerian winger Victor Moses lost out to the pacy attacker, nicknamed the "Egyptian Messi".
"I want to be the best Egyptian ever so I work hard," added Salah, who helped with 15 goals helped Roma to their best ever points total of 87 as they finished second in Serie A last season.
"I always follow my own way and I want everyone in Egypt to follow my way."
Salah joins African legends such as Ivorian duo Didier Drogba and Yaya Toure, the latter won it twice, as well as Liberian striker George Weah in winning the award.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A six-month-old baby is fighting for their life after they were beaten with police armed with a baton as they slept in their mum's arms.
Samantha Pendo is in hospital in a coma after officers raided their parents home in Kisumu, Kenya.
The baby was caught up in a violent raid when officers shoved the door open, fired tear gas into the house and beat the family with batons.
The baby had fallen into a coma by the time they were admitted to hospital hours later after police refused desperate pleas to take them to A&E.
(Image: REUTERS)
Mum Lenzer Achieng said they feared the tot was dead after their baby was struck when police broke into a bedroom where they were lying with their daughter.
They said: "One of the guys beat me and the other one came with that stick on them and hit the baby.
"Then I left the baby off of my hand because they did not cry, I did not feel any movement with the baby. I said screaming, they were dead."
The horrific incident comes as police stressed only thugs and looters were killed following post-election clashes in Kisumu in the wake of last week's presidential elections.
(Image: REUTERS)
It is believed officers were searching for political protesters when they burst into the family home.
Dad Joseph Abanja, whose arms and hands were left swollen and scraped from the beating, said they and their family were innocent.
They added: "We're not thieves. Its just me and my family in the house. They beat me bad like a thief and I am no thief."
Doctors at the Kenyan city's Aga Khan Hospital said they are desperately trying to save Samantha's life.
(Image: REUTERS)
Hospital director Dr Sam Oula said: "At the time of admission the child was critically ill and had already lapsed into coma.
"So we did what we are supposed to do and we admitted the baby into ICU where they remain quite sick, quite, still critical.
"The medical team is doing its best in terms of turning this baby around, but they remain quite critical."
Dr Oula said delays in administering emergency medical treatment also exacerbated Samantha's injuries.
At least three people were reportedly killed in Kisumu following post-election clashes between police and supporters of defeated presidential candidate Raila Odinga.
Neighbours of the Abanja family said police swept their neighbourhood, Nyalenda, for protesters.
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump wants to send man back to the moon — and on to Mars.
Trump is signing a space policy directive directing NASA “to lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the moon, and eventually Mars.”
That's according to White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley.
Trump has taken several steps to refocus NASA's mission on space exploration.
Advertisement
He'll sign the directive at the White House Monday.
CEO Of The Humane Society Resigns Amid Allegations of Sexual Harassment
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States
The president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, Wayne Pacelle, has resigned effective immediately, the nonprofit group announced Friday.
Pacelle had been at the center of a controversy over allegations that they had sexually harassed three female subordinates at the Humane Society, one of the country's largest animal charities.
The move came a day after the group's board of directors had voted to keep Pacelle despite the allegations dating back to 2005.
In a statement, Humane Society Board Chair Rick Bernthal said:
"The last few days have been very hard for our entire family of staff and supporters. We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare."
Bernthal said that the president of the Humane Society's international affiliate, Kitty Block, has been named as acting chief executive.
The development came just hours after Bernthal had defended the group's decision yesterday to allow Pacelle to remain as CEO. In a statement, Bernthal said that after an investigation:
"The board reviewed the information assembled and determined that there was not sufficient evidence to remove Wayne Pacelle from their position as CEO. "Many of the allegations were explosive in nature, and reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone. It was to us, too. But when we sifted through the evidence presented, we did not find that many of these allegations were supported by credible evidence."
Bernthal also denied that their group had offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after raising concerns about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct. "The Board concluded that there was no motivation behind severance agreements to silence women who had spoken up or raised concerns," they said.
After the board voted to retain Pacelle, the CEO acknowledged that the controversy was taking a toll.
Pacelle had told the New York Times earlier on Friday that they were assessing their future professional life:
"'I'm going to take stock of everyone's opinion and assess where I go and where the organization goes from here,' they said. 'I think leadership changes at organizations are often very healthy and renewing, and I'm going to talk with staff and board members and find the best course that contribute to our mission of fighting for all animals.' "
Yet pressure was building for Pacelle's dismissal from both inside and out the organization, with major donors announcing that they were withdrawing their support from the group.
In a statement earlier Friday, the president of the National Organization for Women, Toni Van Pelt, had called for Pacelle's firing:
"Like Donald Trump, the Humane Society is engaged in a cover up in plain sight. Instead of trying to enable a sexual abuser, they should dismiss him. Instead of making excuses, they should be making reparations. Instead of silencing or attacking women who've suffered abuse, and those who defend them, the Humane Society should change its own culture. "The Humane Society needs to know this. Women are watching. We know when a charity deserves our support, and when it fails the most basic obligations of trust. "The Humane Society has no humanity. Fire Wayne Pacelle. Do it now."
The initial decision to retain Pacelle also had led to the resignation of seven protesting board members.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luke Browning finally got their comeuppance last week after they were bundled into the back of a van - but what happened to him?
Phil Mitchelle went back to their hardman ways during last Tuesday's episode as they hired goons to haul James Willmott-Brown's son into the white van.
After Ben was viciously attacked by their former boyfriend, their dad insisted they wouldn't do anything brash, but was intent on vengeance.
Phil may have blood on their hands, but nobody knows as Luke still hasn't made an appearance since they were kidnapped.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
After denying any wrongdoing to Kathy, the scheming lad was caught unaware as they merrily strolled through the Christmas market.
Before long, two masked men sprung from a seedy van, who then proceeded to grab them from the street and drag them into their den of despair.
In perfect Luke Browning manner, they smugly said, "Really?" as they looked over and saw Phil watching from the sidelines to make sure everything went to plan as the three men tussled in the broad daylight snatch.
EastEnders fans shocked by brutal Max Branning revenge plot reveal as Willmott-Brown announces they now Own the Queen Vic
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Viewers were loving the scene, as they celebrated the hint that Luke might finally get what's coming to them after ruthlessly beating up Ben.
But they have become fed up after a whole week without Luke being shown on screen.
And evil Willmott-Brown has failed to show up in Albert Square to look for their absent son.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
EastEnders viewers took to Twitter to ask where Luke is being hidden.
One viewer said: "so what the hell happened to Luke? Did they forget to get them out of the white van?"
Another added: "Where did that Luke go? Phil bundled them into a van never to be seen again you would think their old man would notice! #Eastenders"
A third said: "Have I missed something? Where's Luke, and why has no one missed them yet? #EastEnders"
*EastEnders airs tomorrow at 7.30pm on BBC One
Armed men on Sunday attacked a prison in Bahrain where Shia convicted over anti-government protests are held, killing one police officer and allowing 10 inmates to escape, the interior ministry said.
The security forces launched a manhunt for the attackers and the escapees, the ministry said on Twitter.
PT: full details of MOI statement on PMC website https://t.co/DxSvwdVzPS
— Ministry of Interior (@moi_bahrain) January 1, 2017
The attack took place at Jaw prison south of the capital Manama.
The ministry said four or five members of a “terrorist group” armed with automatic rifles and pistols attacked at 05:30 local time.
It said one police officer was killed and another wounded in the attack, which allowed 10 prisoners to flee. Seven had been serving life sentences and three were serving lengthy jail terms for “terrorist acts”, the ministry added.
The tiny but strategic Gulf state has been rocked by unrest since its Sunni authorities crushed Shia-led protests in 2011 demanding a constitutional monarchy and an elected prime minister.
Hundreds of Shia have been arrested and many have faced trials over their role in the demonstrations.
Police on Sunday set up or reinforced roadblocks near Shia villages outside the capital, witnesses said. Despite the crackdown, protesters have frequently clashed with security forces in these villages.
In June, 17 prisoners broke out of Al-Hadd jail east of Manama, but the authorities recaptured 11 of them the next day.
Bahrain, which is connected to Saudi Arabia by a causeway, lies across the Gulf from Shia Iran and is home to the US Fifth Fleet.
Brent crude was down 19 cents at $77.31 per barrel at 10.38am, after settling the last session up 2.8%. Photo: Reuters
Singapore: Oil prices dipped on Thursday, after sharp gains in the previous session, weighed down by a surprise increase in US crude oil inventories and expectations that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) and other producers could decide to increase output at a meeting in June.
The overnight increase came despite the possibility of rising supplies from Opec and Russia, and some analysts see market fundamentals as supportive.
“Though crude oil has receded significantly in the charts, market fundamentals remain supportive as robust global demand and declining stockpiles bolster prices upwards,” Benjamin Lu, commodities analyst at Singapore-based broker Phillip Futures, said in a note.
Brent crude was down 19 cents at $77.31 per barrel at 10.38am, after settling the last session up 2.8%. US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude was down 4 cents at $68.17 a barrel. In the previous session, it settled up $1.48, or 2.2%, at $68.21 per barrel.
Global inventories have been broadly falling, but US crude stockpiles rose by 1 million barrels in the week to 25 May to 434.9 million barrels, according to data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API). That beat analyst expectations for a decrease of 525,000 barrels.
Data from the Energy Information Administration is due at 8.30pm on Thursday, a day later than usual due to a US public holiday on Monday.
A possible output increase by Opec and non-Opec members including Russia have been in focus. Saudi Arabia, de facto leader of Opec, and Russia have discussed boosting output by some 1 million barrels per day (bpd).
Opec and some non-Opec producers have committed to curbing their output by about 1.8 million bpd until the end of 2018, but they will meet in Vienna on 22 June to discuss whether their commitment should remain unchanged.
“With the Opec meeting still another three weeks away, oil prices are likely to remain sensitive to headlines,” ANZ bank said in a note.
A Gulf source familiar with the thinking of Saudi Arabia said Opec and its allies aim to continue their agreement to cut oil output through the end of the year, but they are ready to make adjustments to offset any supply shortfall.
“We expect for oil prices to stand tall in the current week as Opec ‘talk prices up' before the Vienna meet,” said Lu of Phillip Futures.
In Asia, Shanghai September crude oil futures rose 2.2% by the midday break on Thursday, with open interest rising to a record on a weaker yuan and the rally in Brent and WTI overnight.
Google is working on two new Pixel smartphones as well as an AI-infused upgrade to Android.
According to Bloomberg, the larger Pixel will have a nearly edge-to-edge screen, with a thicker bezel at the bottom of the phone and a notch at the top, while the smaller model will look like the Pixel 2 and won't have a notch or edge-to-edge look. These phones, likely to be called Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL, will arrive this October - about a month after the next iPhone is set to appear - as Verizon exclusives in the US.
As for the Pixel 3 XL's notch, it won't be as wide as the iPhone X's, but it is taller. Google apparently wants to remove bezels entirely in a future Pixel, but it's using a notch and bottom bezel, also called a chin, this year in order to offer stereo speakers on the front of the phone. The larger Pixel will also feature two camera lenses on the front of the phone, tucked in the notch, as well as a single camera on the back.
Both models will actually include an upgraded, single-lens cameras on the back. While the latest iPhones include dual cameras to offer a bokeh effect in photos, Google's phones create this same effect by using a single lens and with special software. Apart from these phones, Bloomberg said Google is also developing on an Android upgrade that takes better advantage of AI and could release as soon as next year.
Google reportedly wants the operating system to "conduct more tasks without action by users."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new arrival to Kate and William's growing brood has been welcomed at the family's Kensington Palace apartment, complete with a Peter Rabbit nursery according to reports.
And the beaming couple want to make sure the new prince settles in nicely with Princess Charlotte and Prince George, who has just returned to their school in Battersea for the summer term.
The pair reportedly want their children to be as involved as possible with their new sibling.
But they also want life to continue as normal, hence the rush back to the palace yesterday evening after visiting the little prince at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Rex)
(Image: newcastle chronicle)
Shortly before Charlotte's birth in May 2015, apartment 1A underwent a £4.5million refurbishment, including a night nursery where the princess and brother George sleep, reports the Daily Mail.
And now it is fit for the family of five, with plenty of space.
It also has a day nursery for playtime, master bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms and their and their dressing rooms on the first floor, plus five reception rooms.
The new baby prince, born at 11.01am on St George's Day weighing 8lbs, 7oz, reportedly has a Peter Rabbit themed room at the family apartment.
The rebellious Beatrix Potter character features in a new film, released in the UK in March.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: PA)
What will life at the palace be like for the new prince?
According to the Mail, their life will be relatively informal and he'll come into contact with far fewer staff - the level has been reduced from when William was a child.
He, along with George and Charlotte, will be called by their first names not surnames, again unlike William's upbringing.
One familiar face will surely be Norland nanny Maria, who has their own private quarters and has been with Will and Kate since George arrived in July 2013.
Often seen sporting the beige uniform of a dress and brown bowler hat, the Spanish nanny, 47, sometimes takes the children to Hyde Park or the Buckleberry Farm Park to spot deer.
They also escort the family when they visit Kate's parents Mike and Carol Middleton at their Berkshire home.
Though having a nanny is probably more on the formal end of the scale of the new prince's life, Kate will be continuing a more 'normal' tradition - blasting pop radio station Capital prior to the school run.
Prince William usually takes George to Thomas's Battersea and Charlotte to Willcocks Nursery School, near the Royal Albert Hall.
Just like hundreds of thousands of families in Britain, the royals love their dogs - the three siblings will no doubt spend hours playing with beloved pooch Lupo, a cocker spaniel.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: PA)
A friend is quoted as saying the couple are "modern" and the home is filled with photographs of the children, their artwork and toys.
Evenings are apparently spent in front of the television, sometimes with a takeaway curry from nearby Malabar in Notting Hill.
The couple is said to have made their home as welcoming as possible for their new arrival, and many baby presents have been delivered to the palace.
All eyes were on the new prince yesterday as their proud parents showed them off on the steps of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington at around 6pm - seven hours after their birth at 11.01am.
Kate looked radiant as they smiled down at their bundle of joy, and they and William waved to the crowds.
The baby is still unnamed, and odds are stacked on Arthur.
Keep up to date with all the latest royal baby news with our live coverage.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 52-year-old pervert arranged to meet a '13-year-old girl' for sex after telling them they wanted to take their virginity - and 'to Google sex positions'.
Security guard Derrick Blackwell has been jailed for three years after being snared by vigilante paedophile hunters in Grimsby who filmed the encounter - with footage showing how they smashed their phone up when they realised what was happening.
A court heard how they had used WhatsApp to send explicit messages to what they believed was a 13-year-old girl, telling them that they wanted to take their virginity and urging them to Google sex positions.
The encounter was streamed on Facebook Live and attracted a large crowd, the Grimsby Telegraph reports.
Grimsby Crown Court heard Blackwell was snared by Facebook group Silent Justice, who posed as the fictional teenager who they messaged.
On Monday, Blackwell sat in the dock with their hands over their head as the court heard how they were confronted.
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph WS)
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph WS)
Sentencing them to three years in jail, Judge Mark Bury described Blackwell as a "dangerous offender" who posed a "significant risk of serious harm to members of the public."
Prosecutor Megan Rhys told the court that members of the now defunct Silent Justice Facebook page created a fake account - a 13-year-old girl from Birmingham named Jodie - on the mobile dating app Meet4U.
Ms Rhys explained that members of Silent Justice followed guidelines which meant that 'Jodie' did not instigate conversation with other users of the app and they would make clear how old the decoy was purporting to be.
In this case, 'Jodie' told Blackwell that they were only 13 years old on three occasions.
Ms Rhys told the court that on October 1, Blackwell made contact with 'Jodie' with the opening message: "Hi sweetheart, I'm Derrick."
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph WS)
"He told them they were very beautiful and said they didn't mind that they were 13," Ms Rhys said.
The conversation then moved onto the mobile messaging service WhatsApp with many of the messages sent during the early hours.
'Jodie' often referred to their school and sent Blackwell a generic picture of what was purported to be them face.
Ms Rhys added: "She told them they had never had a boyfriend and they said they didn't know why because they were so beautiful. They said they wanted to see what they were wearing under their skirt."
The court heard Blackwell's messages became increasingly explicit, saying that they wanted to "slide their hand inside their knickers." They also said they wanted to take them virginity.
They later asked for pictures before sending an image of their private parts.
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph WS)
"He said that it was all a secret because they would get into trouble if they told anyone," Ms Rhys said.
"He talked about meeting at Grimsby railway station. They said that by the time they left them they would know a lot about sex and suggested they do a Google search sex positions ahead of the meeting.
But as Blackwell, who was in a 17-year marriage at the time, waited in Grimsby town centre to meet 'Jodie' they were approached by members of Silent Justice.
"He confirmed who they were but said they were there to get some DVDs," Ms Rhys said.
"He smashed their phone on the wall and broke part of it off with their hand and tried to run away.
"He was told they had led the conversation with 'Jodie' and the person they were in contact with had no experience of sexual matters."
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph)
The vigilantes performed a citizen's arrest before Humberside Police arrived at the scene.
The court was told about Blackwell's previous convictions, which included an offence in 1993 when they had sex with a 19-year-old woman in a wheat field. They had a mental age of seven and did not have the capacity to give consent, Ms Rhys said.
In mitigation, defence barrister Anthony Farrell said Blackwell had pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity and was left feeling suicidal.
"He feels great shame for what they have done and they said they would never do it again," Mr Farrell said.
After Blackwell was arrested, Humberside Police told vigilante groups such as Silent Justice that it was "essential that they allow police officers to do their jobs and not to take matters into their own hands."
“It is the police that are responsible for investigating these serious crimes and we are best placed to achieve this in the interests of victims and the public," a spokesperson for Humberside Police said at the time.
But summarising the case, Judge Bury said the members of Silent Justice had "played by the rules" in helping to bring Blackwell to justice.
"It is clear throughout the 14 days you had contact with them over the internet you realised they were an underage girl who was naive and inexperienced," they said.
Blackwell pleaded guilty to three counts of attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity, one count of attempting to cause a child to watch a sexual act and one count of attempting to meet a child following sexual grooming.
They were jailed for three years and will sign on as a sex offender. They must also comply with a sexual harm prevention order.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A business person is being paid £6 every week by taxpayers to drive their daughter to school - even though they admit they don't need the cash.
Howard Millington, 48, the dad of a millionaire teenager property developer, agreed the sum after they were told Molly-Anne, four, could not attend the nearest school from their home.
They admitted they don't need the money but highlighted it to alert other parents who may also be entitled to claim.
The 48-year-old, whose son Harvey pocketed £2million from their first property deal in December, accused the council of trying to "fob" them off after being told there were not enough places for Molly-Anne at Staplegrove Primary School.
(Image: SWNS.com)
They have been allocated a place at Norton Fitzwarren, 1.7 miles from their house.
When Mr Millington appealed the decision, arguing that the walk to Norton was too dangerous, the council offered to pay their travel costs at 18p per mile.
The rules state that a child aged under eight is expected to walk to school unless it is more than two miles away or the route is too dangerous to walk.
The payments have not yet started but Howard says they will be given around £6 a week for travel expenses.
That will work out at around £1,600 for the next seven years when they will go to secondary school.
(Image: Google Maps)
Mr Millington, of Taunton, Somerset, said: "We were quite prepared to walk to Staplegrove - it's two fields and a footpath - but the route to Norton is too dangerous.
"When the council said they would send someone to test the route I told them I would follow them with a wheelbarrow and a shovel ready to scoop them off the road.
"In the end, they refused to walk the route because it was too dangerous.
"They tried to fob me off. I don't need the money and I think it's wrong that they pay you to take your child to school.
"But there must be people missing out who are entitled to claim because the council doesn't publicise it very well. It makes you wonder how many people aren't getting paid."
A Somerset County Council spokesperson said: "We have a free school transport policy that we apply consistently and fairly.
"Officers will look at each child's circumstances and arrange the most appropriate and cost effective form of travel to get the child to school.
"This may mean the child gets a bus pass for an existing route, a new bus route is considered or parents are offered a fuel allowance to take their child to school."
Children receive treatments in the Encephalitis Ward at the BRD Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur where over 30 children in four days. Photo: PTI
Chennai/ Gorakhpur: One July morning thirteen years ago, the thatched roof of a private school at Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu caught fire, which spread quickly to the rest of the school and killed 94 children in one deadly inferno.
A judicial commission that investigated the matter brought out the apathy, greed and collusion that ended in the Kumbakonam horror. It was found that three schools were run in the building, illegally.
Few lessons have been learnt in the intervening years, it seems, with last week's mass death of children at BDR Medical College in Uttar Pradesh's Gorakhpur due to a suspected oxygen shortage.
A day ahead of Independence Day, tricolour vendors dot the streets in Gorakhpur, the Lok Sabha constituency that elected Yogi Adityanath to the Parliament for five consecutive times until they quit parliament to take charge as state chief minister in March. There are many tricolour vendors on the roads leading to the BDR Medical College, one of the largest centres for encephalitis treatment in India.
Sixty-three people—including 30 children, some of them new-born—have died overnight. Official negligence, apathy and a complete lack of accountability led to oxygen supplies to the hospital being cut off, and as always, the price was paid by the weakest and the most vulnerable.
As sick children lie on hospital beds, their parents and relatives—migrant workers and daily wage earners from places as far away as Bangalore and Hyderabad—sit beside them on the same bed, stay hunched outside the wards, or sleep on the floors.
“Who has got time for us and our children? The doctors and staff are too busy, for answers, for treatment, for everything. On the day the oxygen supplies failed, we were not told anything, just handed pumps,” says Narmada Devi whose three-year-old daughter has been admitted to the hospital. Them child is safe, but they can't get over the fact that it could just as easily have been their daughter.
The government has denied that deaths took place due to lack of oxygen, with the chief minister even blaming unhygienic surroundings, one of the main causes for Encephalitis, but the grim tales of patients and the wails of mourning mothers tell a different story.
The state government has denied there was any oxygen supply disruption, but still raided the supplier's office. The head of the medical college and its paediatrics ward chief have been fired. No one in the government has taken responsibility so far.
The behaviour of the state and the administration bear parallels with the Kumbakonam tragedy. However, retired Madras high court judge D. Hariparanthaman said: “There is something more important than the administrative callousness in this incident. Those who died due to lack of oxygen supply were suffering from encephalitis that has claimed hundreds of lives in the state.”
They asked: “What has the government done over the years to curb this disease?”
While official apathy has been highlighted in both the Gorakhpur and the Kumbakonam incidents, Hariparanthaman said there is more to the former than just administrative indifference.
“Though it is important to highlight the government's denial and the flouting of rules by authorities in Kumbakonam fire accident case, it cannot be compared to the apathy of Uttar Pradesh's lack of priority to its healthcare,” they said.
At the Sri Krishna Nursery and Primary School in Kumbakonam, mid-day meal was being prepared in the school kitchen on the morning of 16 July 2004, just a month after it reopened after summer vacation. The blaze from the kitchen spread to the thatched roof of the classroom on the first floor, The Hindu had then reported. It also said, “Fire-fighting and rescue operations were hampered by a lack of access to the three-storey school building — located between two residential buildings — and with only one entrance and a single flight of stairs.”
An inquiry commission into the incident under justice K. Sampath set up in 2005, observed that safety norms were violated and blamed on the school authorities and education department officials.
The justice K. Sampath commission observed: “It was avaricious cruelty on the part of the management to have made so many innocent children sit in the classes under the thatched roof and lose their precious lives. The authorities had been hoodwinked or purchased outright for allowing the management to run three schools where not even one school could be run.”
Last week, the Madras High Court suspended the conviction and sentence awarded to seven accused by a lower court. While the bench abated the charges against one accused, following the person's death during the pendency of the appeal, it modified the sentences of two others. In 2014, a Thanjavur court that was hearing the case had acquitted 11 and convicted 10, of the 21 accused.
The tricolour flags at Gorakhpur's streets this time come adorned with a golden fringe, lending a more-than uncanny resemblance to a religious decorative cloth. But few people here are in any mood to celebrate, after losing so many young lives in a possibly avoidable tragedy. Learning the right lessons from Gorakhpur could save lives in the future. So far, there are few indications to it.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As any keen cinema-goer knows, over-priced popcorn and pic'n'mix are the perfect accompaniment to any film.
Fruit and veg, on the other hand, tend to be a less popular choice.
Unless, of course, you're going to a 50 Shades Darker viewing, in which case it may very well enhance your experience.
Though whether as a healthy snack or as, er, something else, is up to the individual.
Someone in Sydney certainly had their own reasons for taking a cucumber to a screening of the next instalment in the romance / drama franchise.
50 Shades of your five a day.
Whether you love or loathe these films, there's no denying their clout.
The books and films have reportedly inspired us Brits to be more adventurous between the sheets - often with suboptimal consequences: Firefighters have had to free 102 people from handcuffs and cut 23 rings off mens' penises .
But back to the cucumber.
An usher at the Hayden Orpheum Cinema claims to have stumbled across the vegetable after a screening of Fifty Shades Darker, and posted a picture on Twitter.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Fifty Shades Darker gets even racier in new trailer Share this video Watch Next
They captioned it with: "That awkward moment when you find a cucumber in the cinema after a Fifty Shades session."
Some of the responses wondered if it was a PR stunt.
We're just wondering why they didn't put on a pair of gloves.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A killer who was jailed for life over a decade ago appears to have been pictured enjoying lunch on Nando's while on home leave from prison.
Wayne Melvin, who kicked a stranger to death, was pictured at the chicken restaurant in a Facebook post dated October of this year.
Melvin was ordered to serve at least 15 years for the brutal murder of mild-mannered Robert Smith, reports the Daily Record .
But more than four years before their earliest release date, they are already being treated to jaunts out of jail.
The 28-year-old was pictured sitting alongside their sister Chyrelle in a Nando's restaurant in Dundee.
Melvin was just 17 when they killed call centre worker Robert, 51, in a savage unprovoked assault in May 2006.
In 2007, they were ordered to serve a minimum of 15 years in prison.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
But one post on a Facebook page apparently belonging to Melvin shows them posing for a photo on Dundee's Waterfront in July this year.
They describe themselves as single and a former pupil at Brearview Academy – but makes no mention of prison.
The photo in Nando's appeared on their sister's Facebook page in October. They had earlier been to Starbucks for coffee.
Scottish Tory justice spokesperson Liam Kerr said yesterday: “The act of killing another human being causes shockwaves through families and entire communities which take years to subside.
(Image: PA)
“It must be horrific as a victim to learn individuals are on the streets again but to see them online will come as a worse shock.
“Joking and taking selfies does not show much consideration for the feelings of a community.”
A spokesperson for the Scottish Prison Service said social media restrictions can be part of an inmate's licence from home release and the Facebook page will be investigated.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for a new trial and the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that they don't have jurisdiction over the matter.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from their case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for the probation violations.
They have strongly defended their impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
IN 2007, Roberto Eduardo M. Aboitiz--Bobby to most of their colleagues and friends--was famously quoted for saying, “Our work goes beyond wrting a check.”
They were chairperson of the board of Aboitiz Equity Ventures and vice chairperson of the board of Aboitiz and Co., among other positions they held in the Aboitiz conglomerate.
Bobby was also deeply involved in working to help improve the community. They believed the problems of “poverty, declining state of education and corruption” challenge “not only the government but also the community.”
As chairperson of the board and president of the Ramon Aboitiz Foundation Inc. (Rafi), they translated that belief into programs and projects for Cebu's growth and development.
They actively helped in uniting local government leaders, civil society and the rest of the private sector to rally behind Mega Cebu 2050, which strives for a “wholesome, advanced, vibrant, equitable and sustainable Cebu” (or, easier to recall, Waves).
They asked us members of the House of Representatives from Cebu to file an updated version of the then “Metro,” now Mega Cebu Development Authority bill. And the bill has already been approved on the committee level.
Bobby died before legislation could start helping realize the vision that they shared and vigorously promoted.
May their memory inspire the rest of us to follow the example they set for every true believer in Cebu and its role and destiny in our nation's progress.--Rep. Raul V. del Mar
State of our roads
Why are we putting 4-lane highways and bridges in the north end of Cebu? Do we have traffic problems there, or is it a different form of pork barrel to extract monies from the National Government?
To the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH), are there inspectors among you? There are roads here that are new and other with cracks that aren't addressed but only filled with hot tar.
Are there warranties or guarantees on workmanship on work done? Or who signs off on all these contracts given out? There should be an inspection before signing off the projects and also a 20 percent retention should be unpaid till the warranty period is up.
The roads are cracking but are only dug up and poured the same way only to crack again. There are areas wherein the roadway has been changed two times in three years. Common sense will tell you to correct it by improving the compaction and adding rebars to hold it together.
Simple common sense: Fix it if it needs to be fixed.--Alfredo Acopan
BERLIN (AP) — The head of Germany's domestic intelligence agency says the number of Islamic radicals is growing and becoming increasingly difficult to keep under surveillance as recruiting efforts move underground.
Hans-Georg Maassen said in comments released Sunday that the number of adherents of Salafist ideology rose to 10,800 from 9,700 a year ago. Salafists believe in a fundamentalist interpretation of Islam, though are not necessarily violent.
They say they've reduced street recruiting and radicalization in mosques and larger groups in favor of “small conspiratorial circles, primarily on the internet.” Maassen says “this is a particular challenge” for their office.
They say Islamic radicals from Chechnya and the North Caucasus region, of whom there are several hundred, are another concern, because they're well networked, prone to violence and often have combat experience.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) hopes of bringing cricket back home seem to have recieved a vital boost after Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) board admits being interested visiting the country for a sole T20-International match.
Thilanga Sumathipala, whoalso is the chairperson of Asian Cricket Council's (ACC) development committee, has stated that Sri Lanka will be ready to tour Pakistan for at least one T20I in Lahore provided "all logistical and operational plans fall in place".
The announcement was made after the conclusion of ACC's Annual General Meeting (AGM) in Colombo on August 12. Though the dates of the proposed tour have not been announced so far, it is expected to be played in September, as per a report in Cricbuzz.
“Cricket is a game of change, chance and chase. The game today, and its following is very different to what it was 10 years ago and as administrators, we are faced with a different set of challenges to overcome. World cricket is in the hands of the unity of Asia. We need to respectfully understand each other's problems and stand by each other. This is the spirit of the Asian Cricket Council,” Sumathipala was quoted as saying by ESPNCricinfo.
“I am keen to take my team to Pakistan. We have had our security experts visit and make an assessment, and things look positive with things improving all over the country and especially Lahore being cleared. We have three T20I games coming up against Pakistan in September and we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore,” they added.
Since the 2009 blast outside the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore targeting the Sri Lankan cricket team, that rocked the entire cricketing world, Pakistan have only been able to organise one limited-overs affair against Zimbabwe in May 2015, that too with heavy security.
Sumathipala also appealed to all ACC members to assist Pakistan in their efforts. They cited the example of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017, which took place in London despite the city suffering two major terrorist attacks while the tournament was being commenced.
“I call upon each one of you as members to play your role and give Pakistan the security of your support. There is always risk — there were two attacks in London during the Champions Trophy, but cricket continued under the security assurances of the ICC. So likewise, we too must be as accommodating and understanding as possible with our members and extend our fullest support to them as the cricketing family of Asia,” they said.
“Sri Lanka suffered through three decades of terrorism and war and at one stage no one wanted to come here — Pakistan stood by us then, as did India. The opportunities available throughout the Asian region for the development of this game that is so close to our hearts is enormous. The efforts and the investment of our member countries are phenomenal and we need to support this development,” Sumathipala added.
Iggy Azalea Opens Up About Burning all of Nick Young's Clothes In a recent interview on Watch What Happens Live, Andy Cohen prompted Azalea with the following question from a viewer: "Iggy, I'm obsessed with the fact that you burned some of your ex's stuff. What was the most expensive thing you lit up and did it belong to your ex-fiancÃ©?" Azalea then smiled devilishly at the camera before responding: "I burnt it all darling." This is what I did: They were out â€¦ We had a fire pit outside, a nice fire pit you can put on with the gas. I text them a video and I was like, 'Hey I‘m burning your (expletive).' â€¦ I don‘t know where you‘re at, probably with some girl, so I hope you get home quickly because I‘m moving on.‘ Don't get on Iggy's bad side...
Episode 844: Nice Game
Enlarge this image Alissa Escarce
Bob Axelrod was teaching political science at the University of Michigan in the 1980s, and they were obsessed with one idea: how to get countries to cooperate. Back then, it looked like the United States and the Soviet Union might be headed towards nuclear war. Axelrod wanted to figure out how to keep that from happening. And they found inspiration in an unlikely place, computers that could play chess, and one of the greatest thought experiments of all time, the prisoner's dilemma.
Planet Money #844: Nice Game Listen Listen · 16:58 16:58
Today, as talks about North Korea's nuclear weapons falter: what a battle between computers can teach us about avoiding geopolitical disaster. Or, why sometimes the best way to win, is to lose.
Music: "Cheeky Bassline," "The Missing Link" and "Wanna Know You."
Find us: Twitter/ Facebook / Instagram
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
Under instructions from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund, the Greek government pushed through the most anti-union legislation in Europe on Monday 15 January.
The move was demanded, along with other draconian measures, as a condition of the latest tranche of what is called Greece's bailout but which in reality is bailing out the European financial institutions which recklessly encouraged Greek borrowing.
The key concession required from the Syriza government was that industrial action would now require a yes vote from more than half of the total number of union members in a workplace, regardless of the actual turnout. This is even worse than the provisions in the Trade Union Act which came into law in the UK in March 2016.
Astonishingly – or perhaps not – there has been not one word about this from the TUC, which continues its scaremongering about the effect of Brexit on workers' rights. While it prattles on, the European Union is turning the screw on the most fundamental of all workers' rights, the right to strike, and using Greece as a test bed for policies it would like to see across all member states.
Without the right to take effective strike action, workers have no protection save the courts, and capitalist courts consistently favour the employers.
The European Court of Justice ruled (in the Laval case, 18 December 2007), that employers have the right to bring workers from a low-wage EU state to a higher-wage EU state on the wages payable in the cheaper country, regardless of any collective bargaining agreements in the higher-wage state. It has also ruled (in the Viking case, 11 December 2007) that effective industrial action to stop outsourcing to cheaper countries is illegal.
In the Alamo­–Herron case (18 July 2013), involving Unison members transferred out of local authority employment, it ruled that whatever their contracts said, benefits collectively negotiated for local authority workers could be ignored by their new employers.
“This case is an appalling attack on collective bargaining and is at least as serious as Viking and Laval,” wrote Britain's leading employment barrister, John Hendy.
Hendy went on to say,
“The EU has become a disaster for the collective rights of workers and their unions.”
As we have consistently said, strong trade union organisation backed up by effective industrial action if need be is the only way to secure and defend advances in the workplace. The EU murmurs about “rights” while consistently attacking the basis of workplace organisation.
Not one line of the Trade Union Act introduced by the Cameron government, or the even worse White Paper that preceded it, was contrary to EU law. The sooner Britain leaves the EU, the better it will be for trade union members (though some so-called leaders will resent being kicked off the Brussels gravy train). At least then we will just have our own employers to deal with.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Will Podmore , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/eu-ecb-imf-imposes-anti-union-law-on-greece/5628071
On April 15 at Ophelia's Electric Soapbox, 303 Magazines sat down with singer-songwriter Ayla Nereo to talk about their music and touring. After our positive and fulfilling conversation, Nereo said, I feel like we are missing something, so we went back to talk about the current happenings with our society. Them response is not something to be missed. They performed that evening, with openers Xerephine and Las Curanderas, and created an energetic night filled with positivity and power.
303 Magazines: Your album Code of the Flowers is intertwined with imagery from the Earth. What was it like recording that album?
Ayla Nereo: There was this moment where I decided it was time to be working on that album…and then I found Ryan Herr and Tyson Leonard – they are brilliant – and we went into the studio for eight days straight, for ten-twelve hours day each. It was very focused and super fun. Then there was another five day run of recording, refining parts and laying down new arrangements. It was kind of like going into the cave, really focusing on the creation process. Meanwhile it was spring and everything was alive and blooming. The garden was next door and every time we needed a break, I'd go in the garden and remember why I was doing this album.
303: Your lyrics are incredibly poetic. What is your writing process like?
AN: How do I write words. (Laughs). Often times, words will come with the melody, for instance, “Little Beckon,” (begins to sing) “how do you do, when the rain gets under your skin,” – when that first line dropped in, I was walking outside, it was overcast and I was working through inner emotion. When things come through like that, I try to catch it quickly on a recording device. After that initial piece comes through, then it's a process of refining and listening to what the song wants to be about and finding the right words.
303: How do you decipher a poem from a song whenever words come to you?
AN: I think when a poem comes, it feels like the words come and are just supposed to be that way. And with song, the words are coming and already wanting to be with melody, and that changes the rhythm of how they are written. Because they might want an internal cadence, rhyme scheme…with poetry there is no song or melody attached so it frees it up to be really different sounding.
Sometimes things we write are meant to be just for us, or words or songs are meant to be offerings to nature and not meant to be recorded. Sometimes, it's good to hold things close.
303: Why do you like performing in Colorado?
AN: I feel like people in Colorado really show up for music. There's a strong passion among listeners, as well as lots of musicians here — it just seems like the majority of people in Colorado are really into some kind of music and really want to show up. It's created a welcoming place, kind of second home or another family I get to come back to and get to see again and again.
303: You're often involved in non-profits. What are you currently doing?
AN: The main non-profit is the one David [Sugalski] and I started called Action Days Us and what I'll be doing my action days through in Paonia, Colorado this week. The idea actually came through David first, we were in Costa Rica and I just remember they started asking this question, how can we take this immense energy that comes to shows and direct it towards something meaningful? We had many dialogues with people doing permaculture work, and then thought of having a tour where for every city we played a show in, we did an action day the next day and do some good for the local community. So that was our national Permaculture Action Tour in 2012 — 33 shows and 33 action days around the country — and we've been doing Action days ever since.
“The vision that I'm holding is a world where I remember you and I are made of same atoms and there's no separation.” – Nereo
303: Your music has a sense of hope throughout. Whenever you're feeling down, how do you bring yourself to a place of positivity?
AN: I often feel my songs are a few years ahead of me. I'm not always living all the ways these songs are speaking, I'm trying to live into that, and often fall short. But the songs remain a part of the bigger picture, they help remind me when I forget. I've had moments before where I'm playing a song on stage, and while I'm singing it to an audience, I have an internal recognition that this song is something I'm going through in that moment.
303: What projects do you have upcoming?
AN: Well, I'm touring a lot right now. And I'm starting to work on my next album, although it's a different process this time, I'm doing it much slower. I'm just starting to record the songs, but don't know what it's called yet. I've also been working on music videos, and that's fun, since they hit both my loves of music and film.
I am doing a show this Friday night in Paonia, then on Saturday for Earth day doing an herbalism action day. I'll perform at Wiseheart Springs that evening, and then Sunday I have my songwriting and voice opening workshop. It's a fun, full trip.
303: Your social media is filled with encouragement. How do you keep this influence strong?
AN: I really try to keep the bigger picture in mind and share things that help us all vision where we all going and where I'm going. To me, the bigger picture feels like being rooted and connected to the earth and in tune of the cycles, seasons, rhythms of nature and the moon…remembering our deeper heartbeat and not being so caught up in these mental fixations and obsessions.
Our whole human-made world is created by the mind, and we forget we are connected with our heart. Our minds are beautiful, but if we are not in right relationship with our heart, our footsteps, and the many beings on this planet, then our mind is creating all these forms just for form's sake and it's really cluttered. If we are in alignment, we can use our minds for the tools they are, and we can create with our hearts, and with the heart of the earth. We can vision what's possible. And the vision that I'm holding is a world where I remember you and I are made of same atoms and there's no separation.
303: There is a chill audiences have when hearing your music. I've seen this in crowds at Arise Music Festival, in Boulder…why do you think your music connects so strongly with listeners?
AN: I've never been asked that before – I like these questions. (She closes their eyes) Let me think about this.
I guess, I can't really know, right? One thought that comes is possibly those who are in the audience are feeling the songs, and the songs have a life of their own — of course I shaped them, and how they came through is dependent on who I am as a human being — but ultimately, they have their own being. And people feel that spirit. When I'm singing, I like to try and get out of the way and allow the song's energy come through me. It's a sort of meditation. I think, when I am able to step aside and get in that meditation, maybe the audience feels that, too. But I don't know, maybe I'm too close to the songs to really know how others connect to them.
303: Can you tell us the story behind “Show Yourself?”
AN: That song is so much about permission, and really claiming our right to be beautiful, independent of how anyone sees us. We are not trying to show who we are for approval. We are showing ourselves because it's so natural, and of the earth. When I sing the song, I get to embody all of that, and it feels really good.
All photographs courtesy of Meg O'Neill.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Two Alabama representatives are safe after a gunman opened fire on members of congress during practice for a charity baseball game in a Washington suburb.
Reps. Mo Brooks and Rep. Gary Palmer were both at the practice Wednesday morning in Virginia. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was hospitalized.
Palmer wrote on their Twitter, “I was on the field 20 yards away from the shooter. I am okay. Please join me in praying for SteveScalise and the others who were injured.”
A spokesperson for Palmer says they injured their leg fleeing the gunfire but was not shot.
Brooks, who gave first aid at the scene, wrote on Twitter, “Praying for those injured at this morning's practice. I'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us.”
NEW YORK — To get a moment with L'Oréal chairperson and chief executive officer Jean-Paul Agon, one might consider inviting them to a dance party.Agon's return trip to New York (his home in the early Aughts) in early October included a stop with The Fragrance Foundation for the organization's Master Class segment — but before they poured out business tips and career advice, they took a trip down memory lane.“The only thing I regretted when I left [New York] was an article in Women's Wear Daily,” they said. “They wrote an article, and I thought they would write that a great marketer went to wherever. And they said, ‘the king of the dance floor left New York.' I'm pretty proud also to be the king of the dance floor. I miss also the great parties of New York, where I used to dance a lot. By the way — if there are any parties like that, invite me.”In lieu of dancing, Agon joined new Fragrance Foundation president Linda Levy on stage for a fireside-chat style question-and-answer session on Thursday, where they gave advice to career newbies ("do what you love") and talked about their first big break with L'Oréal, when they were asked to head Greece for the beauty business.Thinking the offer to be general manager of Greece was a "miracle," Agon, self-described as intense, immediately said "yes" and set off to buy books to learn the language, they said."It was a very tiny business, almost bankrupt, in a catastrophic situation," they said. "The worst of all was that I learned they had proposed the job to 10 other people at L'Oréal and no one else would take it. It was kind of a suicide mission, anyone knowing anything about this company would never have taken the job. But I didn't know, so I went."Agon inherited a sales force that was being run by a Frenchman who never learned Greek, and told employees that if they aren't fluent in Greek in one year, he'd go back to Paris. "When you're 25, you say this stuff," Agon half joked.He learned Greek and as they tell it, Agon (which means "fight" in Greek, they noted) was becoming "so Greek" that L'Oréal pulled them out. And then, for most of their next several decades in the beauty world, the business part remained the same — but lately, things are changing, they said."For 30 years, we did business more or less the same way," Agon said. "These past three or four years have been absolutely amazing in terms of transformation. With the digital revolution, the consumer revolution, the retail revolution, the media revolution and in fact, the world of beauty — this industry as we know it — has nothing to do today with what it was five years ago."In today's world, L'Oréal uses "universalization" to bring products globally in different markets. "It means globalization while respecting differences," Agon said. They used L'Oréal Paris as an example. "The L'Oréal Paris brand imagery, equity is the same everywhere, but the formulations of the products will be different in different parts of the world," they said. That strategy doesn't quite translate to fragrance — "you cannot change the juice from one continent to the other," Agon said. So in that category, companies would alter their portfolio based on region.Agon, admittedly not a digital expert, noted that technology can come into play when it comes to fragrance marketing, allowing brands to identify "exactly who it is that you think is right for your product.""That's extremely productive and can also help you to differentiate the campaigns you're doing on two or three fragrances to avoid overlap and cannibalization," they noted.In terms of the actual juice, Agon voiced their support of the artisanal side of the category, and their view that ingredients are only becoming more and more important."To be very sincere, even if I shock a few, I was not happy when 10 or 15 years ago, there was this fad about celebrity fragrances," Agon said. "I think [it] was a bit of easy marketing and short-term business. That's proven to be done by the way…it's good for the industry. On the contrary, these [artisanal] concoctions I think are fantastic. They are quality, authentic products that are probably here to stay."L'Oréal got in on the movement with the acquisition of niche perfume business Atelier Cologne in 2016. "It's one of the best moves of the industry recently, and we're going to try to participate as much as we can with Atelier Cologne," the ceo said.Looking forward, they emphasized a focus on ingredients."The ingredient story is a critical thing," Agon said. "We have to work on it together — brands, suppliers — because this is a critical thing for tomorrow.…Regulations aren't all the same, but regulations will become more and more strict everywhere in the world. All the other categories are adapting to that pretty well, and I think we still have to make sure we make progress on that front in fragrances."
In order to expand its 4G services in the country, Vodafone India, the second largest telco gave the contract to Ericsson worth $300 million for UP West, Rajasthan, Odisha, North East and Assam telecom zones, people close to the development said.
"The deployment of 4G LTE network is expected to be completed by the third quarter of 2017. Ericsson, under this contract, is deploying its full radio system portfolio that offers 50 improved energy efficiency," said one of the persons to ET.
The 4G services have become very common in India and every telecom company wants to provide its services at lower costs ever since Reliance Jio announced its plan. Infact Vodafone has recently announced SuperNet 4G services in Goa and Chennai as well.
The company is also in talks with Aditya Birla Group-led Idea Cellular for a merger to give tough competition to Bharti Airtel and Reliance Jio.
SEE ALSO: TRAI directs Quadrant Tele to continue its services in Punjab till the license is operational
"The combined entity's operating margins will improve by around 3 per cent points due to cost synergies in networking and selling, general and administrative expenses," the India rating said in a report adding that, the merged company will a revenue in the Rs 77,500- 80,000 crore range and the pretax profit margins will be around 28 per cent.
This is not the first that Vodafone has awarded any compnay, recently the comapny has given a multi-year managed services contract, worth Rs1,420 crore and covering several telecom circles. The company has awarded similar contract to Huawei in Karnataka, Kerala and Delhi circles.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Judas Priest drummer Dave Holland has died from liver cancer.
The heavy metal band confirmed that the 69-year-old musician, jailed for eight years in 2004 for the attempted rape of a 17-year-old boy, had died at their hideaway near Lugo in northern Spain.
Tino Monjardin, who became a friend of Holland's after selling them their Spanish home, told how they were diagnosed with secondary liver cancer after complaining about tummy trouble.
They said: “He began to complain about stomach pains and went to see a doctor.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
(Image: Redferns)
“At first they were told they were suffering from stomach gas and given medicine to treat it but after ending up in A&E at hospital in Lugo they had a good look at them and told them they had metastatic liver cancer.
“A few days later they diagnosed them with lung cancer as well.”
Tino, a regular visitor to the musician's rural home in the hamlet of Lamas de Campos a short drive from the original pilgrimage route to the Galician cathedral city of Santiago de Compostela, told local paper La Voz de Galicia: “The house belonged to some people from here who live in a neighbouring province.
“He saw it and said they had fallen in love with it.
“Although they bought it two years ago, they only moved in permanently two months before their death.
(Image: Archive Photos)
“He wasn't able to enjoy it for long. They didn't even have time to fix the kitchen or put heating in.”
Antiquarian Mr Monjardin said Holland sworn them to secrecy after confiding in them they had been diagnosed with metastatic liver cancer.
They spent a fortnight after their diagnosis in an OAP home in the town of Fonsagrada before being transferred to the Lucas Augusti University Hospital in Lugo where they died on January 16.
They passed away just 40 days after they were told they had secondary liver cancer. Their ashes were taken back to the UK by a friend after a local incineration.
The drummer was found guilty of attempted rape and indecent assault against a 17-year-old they were giving lessons to in 2004.
(Image: Redferns)
They denied assaulting the teen, who had learning difficulties, at their rural English home in 2002.
Prosecutors said at the time the teenager, who had sometimes stayed overnight at their house while taking lessons, wrote a letter to their parents in December 2002 describing the abuse.
They were sentenced to eight years in prison for one charge of attempted rape and five counts of indecent assault.
Northampton-born Holland was released from prison in 2012.
Before joining Judas Priest in 1979, they played in a series of pop and rock bands including Finders Keepers and Trapeze.
Judas Priest's heavy-metal classics included You've Got Another Thing Coming and Hell Bent for Leather.
Former Judas Priest guitarist K.K Downing wrote on Facebook after learning of Holland's death: “It is with deep regret that I have to accept the sudden and unexpected news that Dave Holland has passed away.
“He was a solid friend in life and solid musician both on the stage and in the studio.”
RUSSELL Crowe has today reflected on the Anzac legacy after attending the Dawn Service in Coffs Harbour.
The Water Diviner director, who regularly marks Anzac Day in their family's hometown, also referred to apologies that were read out during the Dawn Service mentioning a host of local dignatures who were unable to attend the service.
"Another beautiful dawn service organised by the Returned Services Club, the C.ex a big crowd turned up probably 5,000 at least, probably more and as usual a great deal of enthusiasm and the comradery and spirit with people as they are walking in the dark towards the Dawn Service is something that I always appreciate," Russell said.
"Those few minutes that we take out every year to show thanks and respect for the men and women who have served our country and fallen in the course of their duty I think to me is very special and it's a very important part of our culture.
"This morning unfortunately the mayor, the two local members and the area command superintendent couldn't make it, obviously needed a sleep because of the pressures that are going to come upon for the nine o'clock march and service, but I think that's relatively poor form and I know them all and they are very good people and I'm sure me needling them about that in this way will probably ensure that they do turn up again next year," Russell said.
The Advocate has asked the question of local politicians after the comments.
Coffs Harbour City Council Mayor Denise Knight confirmed that they attended the Dawn Service at Woolgoolga and will be attending this morning's marches at Coffs Harbour and Sawtell.
Cowper MP Luke Hartsuyker has confirmed that they attended the Dawn Service in Port Macquarie then quickly jumped in their car to drive up the newly upgraded Pacific Hwy to also attend the Coffs Harbour and Sawtell marches.
Photos View Photo Gallery
State Member for Coffs Harbour Andrew Fraser confirmed that they also attended the Woolgoolga Dawn Service and will be attending the Coffs Harbour and Sawtell mid morning services and marches.
They said they recall attending services when the cenotaph was positioned near Coffs Harbour's old police station and court house.
"I know I attended my first Dawn Service in Coffs Harbour when I was five with my grandmother," Mr Fraser said.
"There's only been two Anzac Day services I've missed since then. One was when I was at Flanders Fields and the other I was at Villers-Bretonneux."
Mr Fraser said Anzac Day is a special one for them due to their personal connection.
The Member for Coffs Harbour said their grandfather was a gunner who met heavy artillery fighting with the 1st AIF at Villers-Bretonneux.
"He was wounded twice and came home with shell shock. It was a tragedy," Mr Fraser said.
They added their grandmother's brother was killed on the very last day of fighting in World War 1.
"I have the utmost respect for those who fought and sacrificed so much to give us our democracy," Mr Fraser said.
GALLIPOLIS — For those who strive to learn about wildlife in books and out, Bossard Memorial Library will soon provide such an opportunity for area nature lovers.
On Saturday, April 21, at 2 p.m., the Ironwood Wolves program is anticipated to visit the library and bring some of its ambassador animals to interact with the public in “The Wolf: Fact vs Myth.”
According to Bossard Adult Programming Coordinator Lynn Pauley, the event will be held in the Riverside Room and audience members will be asked to not touch animals. Lucian, said Pauley, will likely be visiting with Gallia residents and is the oldest and first of Ironwood Wolves' ambassador animals.
Ironwood Wolves is neither considered a sanctuary nor a rescue. Animals are raised and trained by the organization's handlers.
According to the Ironwood Wolves website,” Throughout human history; the wolf has been feared, hated and misunderstood. People have used them to instill fear and teach lessons by wrapping myths and fairy tales around them. Our mission is to dispel the myths and reveal the facts on these fascinating creatures. Wolves are not only are intelligent, affectionate and family-oriented but as an apex predator they are also essential to our ecosystem.” The organization is licensed by the United States Department of Agriculture and the Ohio Division of Wildlife as an educational group. The organization aims to create positive experiences for both animals and humans to have lasting personal learning encounters.
According to missionwolf.org, wolves typically have bigger skulls in relation to dogs. Their chests and hips are narrower. Their legs are longer and paws are larger in comparison to a typical dogs' body size. The snouts on such animals tend to be longer and narrower as well. Dogs develop to the mental capacity of a 10- to 30-day old wolf pup. Wolves, on the whole, are more intelligent animals, the website states.
Wolfdog hybrids have been found throughout Gallia County by the Gallia Dog Warden and are not recommended as pets due to high attention needs.
Coming to Bossard
The demand for formaldehyde is continuously rising due to its increasing use in the production of various resins. These resins are being used in various industries for manufacturing purpose. Formaldehyde is also being used in producing home building products. Formaldehyde is also known for its preservative and anti-bacterial properties. Hence, medical laboratories and some consumer products are also using formaldehyde as a preservative. The global consumption of formaldehyde is increasing as it is being used on a large scale for construction and remodeling activity and furniture production. Due to the excellent thermal and chemical resistance, formaldehyde-based resins are being used in manufacturing airplane and automobile parts. Formaldehyde is also being used in manufacturing anti-infective drugs, hard-gel capsules, and vaccines.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/formaldehyde-market.html
However, there have been increasing concerns over harmful effects from exposure to formaldehyde on human health. Various studies were conducted to assess the level of risk, however, lack of evidence has resulted in the disagreement regarding appropriate risk assessment for formaldehyde among various unions, government agencies, etc. Moreover, stringent regulations on formaldehyde emissions are also acting as a major restraint in the growth of the global formaldehyde market.
Some of the leading companies in the global formaldehyde market are Johnson Matthey Process Technologies, Foremark Performance Chemicals, Huntsman International LLC, Momentive Specialty Chemical Inc., Dynea AS, Alder S.p.A, Georgia-Pacific Chemicals LLC, Perstorp Orgnr, Celanese AG, and BASF SE.
Global Market for Formaldehyde to Witness Moderate Growth during the Forecast Period 2017-2026
As per the latest study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global formaldehyde market is anticipated to experience moderate growth, expanding at 4.8% CAGR during the forecast period 2017-2026. The global formaldehyde market is also expected to reach 36.6 million tons towards the end of 2026.
The global formaldehyde market has been segmented into application, derivatives, end use, and region. On the basis of derivatives, Urea Formaldehyde (UF) resins and concentrates is likely to witness the highest growth in terms of volume throughout the forecast period from 2017 to 2026.
Based on the application, the market is further segmented into resins, drying agents, plasticizers, solvents, fibers, and other chemical intermediaries. Formaldehyde is expected to find the largest application in resins during 2017-2026.
By end use, the market is further segmented into construction, healthcare, automotive, consumer goods, and others. The construction industry is expected to be the largest user of formaldehyde during the forecast period.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1367
APEJ to Dominate the Global Formaldehyde Market during the Forecast Period 2017-2026
Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ) is expected to dominate the global formaldehyde market. Emerging economies such as China and India are witnessing a rapid increase in the demand for formaldehyde for use in various industries. There has been an increase in the use of formaldehyde for producing fuel. Countries seeking a cheaper substitute for oil are driving the demand for formaldehyde. Also, increasing number of companies in China are testing formaldehyde to be used in producing fuel. The development and application of fuel produced using formaldehyde is still in the nascent stage. Meanwhile, demand for formaldehyde is also expected to increase in the U.S. Increasing production of laminates, panels, and pentaerythritol in Central Europe, South America, and the Middle East is also expected to drive the market for formaldehyde. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has also approved the use of formaldehyde as an indirect food additive.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The schoolboys trapped in an underground cave in Thailand appear in good spirits as they chat to a navy diver in new footage of their rescue.
The Thai Navy SEAL posted a new video on Facebook on Wednesday, saying the boys, aged 11 to 16, ate a "power meal" inside the cave and had a medical checkup.
The youngsters are seen identifying themselves and sending their greetings to their family members and the public.
The 12 boys and their football coach were found alive at the bottom of the cave on Monday, following a nine-day ordeal.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
The group will have to bear their ordeal for longer as they learn to dive so rescuers can bring them safely to the surface.
Seven members of the Thai Navy SEAL team are staying with the trapped boys, according to the SEAL commander.
The boys and their 25-year-old coach, disappeared after going on a hiking trip in the cave shortly before it was hit by flash-flooding, leaving them trapped underground.
Nearly 900 soldiers and emergency personnel, including elite military divers and British rescue workers, were called in to find the children.
The boys appeared nervous and frightened as they are discovered by the rescue team.
A video shot by rescuers in flickering torchlight revealed boys clad in shorts and red and blue shirts sitting or standing on the rock above an expanse of water .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"How many of you are there - 13? Brilliant," a British diver tells the youngsters. "You have been here 10 days. You are very strong."
"Thank you," one of the boys says.
One of the boys asks when they will get out of the cave, to which the rescuer answers: "Not today. You have to dive."
Two British divers, John Volanthen and Rick Stanton, were first to reach the boys, having had strong experience in cave rescues, according to Bill Whitehouse, the vice chairperson of the British Cave Rescue Council (BCRC).
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Xinhua / Barcroft Media)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
They found the group along with a team of Thai navy SEAL divers.
Rescuers had been focusing on an elevated mound, which cavers have named "Pattaya Beach", in the cave complex's third chamber, knowing that it could have provided the boys with a refuge when rains flooded the cave.
"The SEALs reported that ... they reached Pattaya Beach which was flooded. So they went 400 metres further where we found the 13 ... who were safe," Narongsak told the cheering group of reporters.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Rescuers now have to decide how best to get the group out in their weakened condition. They have been given energy gels to sustain them while a plan is worked out to bring them to safety.
Options considered included waiting until water levels subsided, or teaching the group to use diving gear to navigate the flooded cave.
"If you ask me now while we are still assessing all sides then I don't think they will be home soon," Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn told reporters.
(Image: AFP)
The group's health was assessed overnight by medical teams which will continue to check the health of the group on Monday, said Narongsak, explaining that the boys had sustained light injuries.
"We categorized their health condition as red, yellow or green, red being the most severe injuries, yellow being mild and green being light. Yesterday, unofficially, we assessed that most are in the green category," said Narongsak.
Narongsak said rescue workers would now focus on the "rescue" phase and then a handover to medical teams waiting outside the cave.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
The children vanished with their coach a week ago on Saturday.
They are: Chanin Wiboonroongrueng, 11, Duangphet Promthep, age unknown, Phornchid Kamluang, 16, Prachuck Sutham, 14, Somphong Jaiwong, 13, Peerapat Sompiengjai, 16, Ekkarat Wongsookchan, 14, Panumart Saengdee, age unknown, Pipat Phothai, 15, Nattawoot Thakamsai, 14, Adul Samon, 14, Mongkol Boonpium, 13, and coack Ekkapol Chantawong, 25.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The youngsters, from the Wild Boars football team, were later seen with beaming smiles in photos taken by military divers who found them.
The rescue workers can also be seen cheering and relatives even held a mass prayer session after hearing the good news.
The rescue mission began when the boys' bikes and football boots were found at the mouth of the caves.
(Image: REUTERS)
The boys were trapped by rising waters inside the cave network deep inside a mountain.
"Thai Navy seals have found all 13 with signs of life," regional governor Narongsak Osottanakorn told reporters.
For around half a mile, the cave is wide open with spectacular limestone rock formations.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Facebook)
But deeper in, the the network narrows and signs warn visitors not to venture further during the rainy season, which usually begins in July, because it is prone to flooding.
A national park ranger alerted authorities when they found their footwear and bikes near the entrance to the cave, but no sign of the children.
Thai Navy Seals experts swam three miles into the cave network looking for the children before finding them through a previously murky and inaccessible cavern.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
A Royal Thai Navy commander overseeing the search previously said they were hopeful the 12 boys and their 25-year-old coach would be rescued.
"I believe they're all still alive but they might be exhausted... we should get good news," Rear Admiral Arparkorn Yookongkaew previously told Reuters.
The search effort, which involved helicopters and drones, was initially hampered by heavy rainfall, while oxygen levels inside the cave reached dangerously low levels.
"The team went down to a depth of 5 metres (16 feet) and found a large chamber... but we've found no trace of the children," the Thai Navy said on its Facebook page after the first day of the search proved fruitless.
The deal with Russian regulator FAS will allow manufacturers to pre-install rivals' search and other applications
Google is to allow rival search engines to be installed on devices running its Android operating system in Russia under the terms of a deal with the country's competition regulator.
The out-of-court deal, which settles a dispute dating back to 2015, means Google will permit the pre-installation of competing search engines and other applications on Android devices in Russia, regulator FAS said on Monday.
Search choice tool
Google is also to develop a tool to allow users to choose a default search engine on their Android device.
“Users will be able to change settings at any time and choose the default search engine which suits their needs,” FAS stated.
FAS' probe was spurred by a complaint by Russian search firm Yandex in February 2015, and the regulator ruled later that year that Google's practices with Android broke the country's competition laws.
Google had argued competition wasn't harmed since rivals were free to develop their own competing versions of Android, and denied it was “prohibiting” software that competed with its own YouTube, Maps and Photos to be installed on Android devices.
Yandex ‘commercial deal'
Google said the deal met the interests of all parties and said it had reached a deal with Yandex to promote the Russian service in Google's Chrome browser.
“We are happy to have reached a commercial agreement with Yandex and a settlement with Russia's competition regulator, the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS), resolving the competition case over the distribution of Google apps on Android,” Google said in a statement.
Yandex chief executive Arkady Volozh said the deal was a win for consumers.
“I am thankful to the Federal Antimonopoly Service for applying the law in a manner that effectively and efficiently restores competition to the market for the benefit of Russian users, as competition always breeds innovation,” they stated.
Yandex's shares rose more than 7 percent after the settlement was announced.
The deal, due to remain in place for six years and nine months, was approed by a Russian court earlier on Monday. Google must also pay a fine of 438 million roubles (£6.2m) imposed last year.
EU Android probe
The settlement could have wider implications, since Google faces similar charges in other parts of the world, including Europe.
The EU's case, formally launched in April of last year, alleges Google “requires and incentivises” hardware makers to exclusively install Google's own services, including search, amongst other charges.
In its November response Google argued its Android marketing approach “carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators” and has “expanded” competition rather than harming it.
Why not test your knowledge of European tech pioneers and the EU's contribution to the industry?Try our quiz!
1 Charge Against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens Dropped As They Resign From Office
Enlarge this image toggle caption Laurie Skrivan/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS via Getty Images Laurie Skrivan/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS via Getty Images
Updated at 3:26 p.m. ET
Prosecutors have dropped one felony charge against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, who will be resigning on Friday amid scandals about alleged misbehavior on the campaign trail and in the bedroom.
The governor's resignation was the result of a deal with prosecutors, who agreed to drop the charge if Greitens stepped down, St. Louis Public Radio reports.
The charge of computer tampering that was dismissed Wednesday stems from accusations of campaign finance violations — Greitens allegedly took a list of donors to their charity and improperly used it for fundraising. Prosecutors say they have enough evidence to convict Greitens but that their conviction wouldn't be worth pursuing after their resignation.
Greitens is also accused of taking a nude photo of a lover without their permission and using it to attempt to blackmail them into silence; a special prosecutor is currently deciding whether to refile charges in that case.
The deal that resulted in Greitens' resignation does not have any bearing on the special prosecutor's decision, according to St. Louis Public Radio.
State lawmakers have conducted an investigation into that blackmail charge, which uncovered allegations of sexual and physical abuse and led them to consider impeachment.
The governor has continued to deny any misconduct. "I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said Tuesday as they announced their resignation.
Greitens has called the charges against them a "witch hunt."
On Wednesday, as they announced that they were dropping the computer tampering charge, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner pushed back strongly against that characterization.
They said Greitens brought the charges on themselves "by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power," The Associated Press reports.
Gardner says they have enough evidence to pursue charges in the campaign finance case but that it's "not the right thing to do for our city or our state."
"If Mr. Greitens were convicted of this charge, it would be unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given their first-time-offender status and the type and level of the charge they faced," Gardner said at a press conference.
Gardner's statement did not acknowledge the agreement between prosecutors and Greitens' defense team, St. Louis Public Radio notes.
"Defense attorneys for Greitens contacted their office last weekend to strike a deal," Rachel Lippman of St. Louis Public Radio reports. In addition to the resignation and the dropping of the computer tampering charge, the deal also "prevents Greitens' attorneys from suing Gardner or any of their employees in civil court," Lippman says.
It does not prevent any other criminal charges, however, including the possibility of charges for Greitens over the sexual blackmail scandal.
Gardner originally brought charges against Greitens over that alleged misconduct, too — specifically, a felony violation of privacy charge.
The case did not go smoothly. Gardner and their team were accused of misconduct, including failing to turn over evidence and hiring a private investigator who allegedly lied under oath. A judge scolded the prosecutors but allowed the case to continue.
Then Greitens' lawyers said they planned to call Gardner as a witness — to be cross-examined by their own subordinates. Gardner's office decided to drop charges rather than be placed in that situation.
But that's not the end of the story. In dropping charges, Gardner's office announced plans to switch to a special prosecutor, rather than abandon the case entirely.
It's not clear when the special prosecutor will decide whether to refile those charges.
10:34 by Morgan Richard Tsvangirai Have your say: Tsvangirai's Heroes Day message to the people of Zimbabwe
Today is Heroes Day, that important national day when we remember the daring nerve and gallantry of the sons and daughters of this land. Indeed, it is that all-important day when we remember the thousands who died so that the national dream could live again.
A cyclist has described oil stains marking the pavement outside Colwyn Bay's Porth Eirias as a “disgrace”.
The local man, who wishes to remain anonymous, said they rode past with their bike group two weeks ago and noticed the stains on the pavement outside the building home to chef Bryn Williams' bistro, and stopped to take a photograph.
A Conwy County Borough Council spokesperson said it had been a busy summer at Porth Eirias – with the centre offering an outdoor children's playground, a bistro style restaurant and sailing, windsurfing, powerboat and paddle board classes – and the oil stains would be removed soon.
The spokesperson said: “This area is designed to be used by the public and visitors to the building, restaurant and toilets, as well as for watersports.
“Porth Eirias has had a busy summer and, as is the case at the end of each summer season, arrangements are being made for the area to be cleaned.”
More Videos 0:31 RAW: Arlington Bowie recovers fumble, caught from two angles Pause 0:17 RAW: Check out this UCLA recruit's dazzling TD catch 0:24 RAW: Arlington High wideout makes a one-handed TD grab 0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards 2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments 0:55 Your airline seat may have been made in Fort Worth 0:36 Police rescue animals stranded at flooded Texas shelter 0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Lake Ridge wideout Malik Knowles impresses in 10-5A opener Mansfield Lake Ridge receiver Malik Knowles had four catches for 117 yards and touchdowns of 20 and 62 yards in the Eagles' district 10-5A opener vs. Lancaster. Mansfield Lake Ridge receiver Malik Knowles had four catches for 117 yards and touchdowns of 20 and 62 yards in the Eagles' district 10-5A opener vs. Lancaster. Darren Lauber dlauber@star-telegram.com
Mansfield Lake Ridge receiver Malik Knowles had four catches for 117 yards and touchdowns of 20 and 62 yards in the Eagles' district 10-5A opener vs. Lancaster. Darren Lauber dlauber@star-telegram.com
FORMER Nicklin Greens candidate Aaron White has lashed out at the party from which they have stood down, describing "appalling reprisals” they received as they attempted to ensure the party's Noosa branch followed due process.
Mr White said they felt the "culture” of the Noosa branch of The Greens had made it impossible for them to remain associated.
"I was cornered between the rules of the party and being able to speak publicly,” they said.
"It's fair enough - parties need rules - but my integrity was being compromised.”
Mr White said the only way to get the truth out was to leave the party.
"I have suffered appalling reprisals for attempting to ensure the branch follows process,” they said.
"A number of branch members blame me for problems within the branch, however it is patently clear I am not guilty of breaking the rules.
"I had hoped The Greens were better than this.”
Mr White said they had put a lot of time and effort into the party.
"I spent more than $8000 of my own money on the council election campaign (for The Greens),” they said.
"On the flip side, I have learned a lot from it and got a lot of support from many people.
"I don't want to damage the party; they're trying to do the right thing.
"But there's a lot of conflict in the Queensland Greens at present, with changes to rules.”
Mr White said they would meanwhile continue with their involvement as vice-president of Noosa Residents and Ratepayers Association, also their board position on the Noosa Biosphere.
Calls to fellow former Greens candidate Joe Shlegeris and branch convenor Steve Haines for comment went unanswered.
Macron Awards U.S. Climate Scientists Grants To 'Make Our Planet Great Again'
toggle caption Michel Euler/AP
French President Emmanuel Macron, in a not-so-subtle jab at President Trump, has awarded long-term research grants to 18 climate scientists — 13 of them U.S.-based researchers — to relocate to France and pursue their work with the blessing of a government that doesn't cast doubt on the threat of climate change.
The announcement Monday makes good on a pledge Macron made earlier this year after the U.S. pulled out of the Paris climate accord to offer France as a "second homeland" to climate researchers in order to "make our planet great again."
Macron's appeal produced 1,822 applicants, nearly two-thirds from the United States. Candidates had to have a proven track record on climate research and propose a project that would take three to five years to complete. That period roughly matches Trump current term in office.
Trump has proposed cuts in federal funding for scientific research. As Macron told the winners of the French grants, "we will be there to replace" U.S. support for climate research.
One of the winners, Camille Parmesan of the University of Texas at Austin, told the Associated Press that the French offer "gave me such a psychological boost, to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do."
Parmesan studies the impact of climate change on wild plants and animals and will pursue their research at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees.
Another winner, Louis A. Derry, professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell University told the Washington Post:
"For me, the chance to work on some very exciting science questions with my French colleagues and not be so dependent on the crazy stuff that goes on in Congress and with the current administration is honestly very attractive. But it can be embarrassing to try and explain what is going on at home right now."
The amount of money awarded to climate researchers wasn't immediately disclosed. Senior researchers were eligible for grants up to $1.7 million.
Macron's announcement comes a day before a bigger international meeting on the global climate opens in Paris on Tuesday. Dubbed the "One Planet Summit" and co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank, the meeting will bring together more than 50 world leaders seeking to re-energize the Paris accords. Trump will not be among them.
Youth Match Racers to compete for Rose Cup in Fort Worth
Youth Match Racers to compete for Rose Cup in Fort Worth US Sailing Youth Match Racers to compete for Rose Cup in Fort Worth US Sailing http://www.ussailing.org
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154625
by US Sailing today at 10:23 amYouth Match Racing Championship for the Rose Cup will be hosted by the Fort Worth Boat Club for three days of racing on Eagle Mountain Lake. Racing begins at this US Sailing National Championship on Friday, June 16 and concludes Sunday, June 18.In its brief, yet impactful history on the match racing circuit this invitational event for 16 to 20 year olds has served as an outstanding training ground for young sailors who are passionate about match racing and focused on competing at the next level.Ten teams of four, consisting of at least one female crew per boat, will be racing the J/22. Coaching and instruction will play a major role in these sailors' experience this week in Fort Worth. Five-time U.S. Match Racing Champion, Dave Perry, will lead a North U Advanced Match Racing Clinic on Wednesday and Thursday, June 14 and 15.“I'm really excited to work with the 40 sailors competing this week at the U.S. Youth Match Racing Championship,” said Perry. “They are the best youth match racers in the country and will soon be competing at the college level and for the U.S. Match Racing Championship.”Originally known as the Rose Cup, this event was founded by members of the Balboa Yacht Club and the Newport-Balboa Sailing & Seamanship Association (NBSSA), and was started as an invitational youth match race event in 2010. The mission is to promote youth match racing in the U.S. and improve the skills of racers from around the country in national and international competition. In 2015, US Sailing elevated the Rose Cup to an official US Sailing National Championship.This regatta is the first of two US Sailing National Championships in the match racing discipline this year. Oakcliff Sailing will host the U.S. Match Racing Championship in October.
B.C. Hydro contractors have run into “geotechnical and construction challenges” that mean the Site C dam project will not be able to make its target of diverting the Peace River in the summer of 2019.
B.C. Hydro president Chris O'Riley confirmed the delay in a letter to the B.C. Utilities Commission, estimating an extra cost of $610 million that brings the total estimate to $8.9 billion for the most expensive construction project in B.C. history.
O'Riley said there is enough money in the project's contingency fund for the cost, and a “one-year float” in the project schedule means it can still be completed as scheduled by November 2024. Other risks remain, including a road realignment to avoid evicting the last two holdout farming couples who live on the narrow riverside land and have already been paid in an expropriation to make way for the dam.
“Due to the project's complexity, we expect to continue to face risks in other areas, including our second largest procurement (i.e. the generating station and spillway) that remains open and the highway realignment,” O'Riley wrote. “We will work to mitigate those challenges.”
The project is undergoing a review by the commission on the orders of Premier John Horgan, who made it a prominent issue during their years as NDP opposition leader. Under a tight deadline of Nov. 1 to make recommendations to the B.C. cabinet, the commission has already noted that Site C has been drawing heavily on contingency funds to deal with a tension crack in the riverbank and other issues.
Energy Minister Michelle Mungall said the delay is not a result of the NDP government's review, ordered after former B.C. Hydro CEO Jessica Macdonald was fired this summer. The new government has commissioned reports on the cost of delaying or abandoning the project, which O'Riley says should continue after two years of work and nearly $2 billion spent.
“Despite the challenges we have encountered and the risks that remain, our analysis continues to confirm that completing Site C as planned is still the most cost-effective option for our customers,” O'Riley said. “Suspending or terminating and finding the power we need from other sources – which carries its own set of uncertainties – would cost billions more than completing Site C.”
Rings
Originally an American remake in 2002 of a more highly successful 1998 Japanese film, Ringu, about Samara, a ghost girl dumped in a well who arises to seek revenge on anyone who watches their spooky VHS tape. A haunted VHS tape has obviously run its course, so Rings now refers to cell phone rings or a circular pattern that keeps showing up in a high school girl's visions. As we meet Julia (Matilda Anna Ingrid Lutz) she's saying goodbye to their boyfriend Holt who's leaving to go off to college. (Yeah, we're older and know that trick never works!!) So after their messages go unanswered, they head off to locate them in collegetown and find out why he's incommunicado! That's when the only good idea in the movie occurs: seems a pot-smoking hip college professor has found a VHS with the Samara “watch me” tape and as we already know, for the curse to be removed, someone else has to watch the damned thing, so, they assign it as mandatory viewing for class! Why does it seem that Hollywood believes every one of these mediocre horror movies need to be re-invented for a next generation? And why add in some sort of psychic phenomenon and an explanation as to why Samara (an evil ghost as originally envisioned) is actually a sympathetic abused figure???? Hated it!
[PG-13]
Ridgefield Police report they have found an 84-year-old woman who wandered off from their home on Gilbert Street in the village area early this morning. An ambulance has been called to check their condition, but police said they appeared to be all right. The woman was found by “a passerby” on Gove Street near the rear of Casagmo, police said. They had been searching throughout the village.
They were discovered missing around 5:30 this morning and was found about 8. “There's some urgency in this,” Police had said when announcing the search. “It's cold out.”
Jourdan Rodrigue, the female sports reporterduring a news conference Wednesday has had an interesting 24 hours, to say the least.Rodrigue found themselves in some hot water on Thursday after someone dug up old racist and offensive tweets of theirs from four or five years ago.She apologized for the tweets today on Twitter:Newton and Rodrigue continue to receive backlash from fans on both sides.Newton
Pitfour School's P7 pupils will be wearing their very own choice of hoodie when they leave school at the end of term.
The P7 leavers (with some help from their P6 classmates) recently took part in a ‘Developing the Young Workforce' project and have successfully raised enough money to pay for their choice of Leaver's Hoodies.
They raised almost £340 to pay for a class of hoodies after setting up their business ‘Tasty Toasties', selling toast with a variety of toppings to their school friends.
They kept accounts, took orders, did their shopping, advertised and evaluated feedback from their customers.
They even had a weekly special offer which sometimes included cheese on toast and syrup on toast.
Towards the end they branched off and made and sold slime under the company name of, ‘Slime Masters.'
The pupils have had a real insight into what ‘working life' might be like, what it feels like to work under pressure and how to deal with complaining customers. They are very pleased with their hoodies. Well done to them!
The Fourth of July is here and that means it's time for a few things. Cookouts. Adult beverages. Intense patriotism and reflection. And, of course, watching sports to avoid family.
With that in mind, here are some of the most patriotic names in sports, past and present.
Ian Eagle, broadcaster
Glory Johnson, WNBA forward
George Washington, had a cup of coffee with the Chicago White Sox in the mid-1930s
Ben Revere, Los Angeles Angels outfielder
Marcus Liberty, played four seasons for the Denver Nuggets
Sam Adams, former NFL defensive lineman
Jon Jay, Arizona Diamondbacks outfielder
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A good pair of hair straighteners is a tool any woman (or man!) should have in their beauty arsenal.
Whether you're looking to tame your locks for a day look, or create a more dramatic look for the night, it's worth researching and investing in a pair that won't damage your hair.
Luckily for you, we've done some of the hard work for you and rounded up our favourites. With straighteners ranging from £25 to £175, there's one for every budget, and range from ceramic technology to hot air plates.
1. T3 Single Pass X Hair Straighteners £146.95
The T3 Single Pass boasts wide poweful plates that are designed to straighten long, thick or coarse hair in one stroke, or very fast.
There's a digital heating system to maintain consistent heat , and 'T3 Tourmaline + Ceramic + Ionic technology' for a long-lasting, smooth and shiny finish.
Get it from Amazon for £146.95.
2. Hershesons Titanium Ionic Professional Hair Straighteners £98.00
These Hershesons straighteners are designed 'with professionals in mind', so you can get a salon quality experience without parting without too much cash.
The straighteners feature high quality titanium plates, which deliver a shiny, more long lasting result and ultimately less damage and frizz.
They also switch off after 60 minutes, include a heat resistant mat and a travel bag. Style and substance!
Get it from Currys for £98.00
3. Remington Air Plates 230C Titanium Ceramic Hair Straighteners £59.99
Remington's Air Plate Ceramic Hair Straighteners use a suspended-plate system that delivers impressive results.
You'll be able to style each strand of hair with just one stroke, thanks to clever technology and black titanium-infused ceramic plates for fast and smooth results.
Get it from John Lewis for £59.99
4. Toni & Guy Style Fix Straightener £30
Toni & Guy is a well known hair brand, and alongside their salons, and products, they also do a range of tools. This one is handbag sized so is perfect for gals on the move.
It's perfect for taming frizz or smoothing out kicks, and packs the punch of a full size appliance in a super compact straightner.
Get it from Boots for £30 .
5. L'Oréal Professionnel New Generation Steampod 2.0 £175
L'Oréal Professionnel Steampod is a revolutionary straightener which uses a combination of steam and pro-keratin technology to help tame and style hair, whilst protecting it from damage.
The straightener uses anodized floating plates which move and continuously use steam to moisturise hair as it straightens. There's even an integrated comb to spread hair evenly across the plates.
Get it from Look Fantastic for £175
6. Babyliss Pro Titanium Expression Ultimate Styler £90
The Babyliss Pro Titanium has been described as the ultimate hair straightener designed to give you salon worthy hair. With rose gold plates that heat up in just 15 seconds, the styler has twelve settings that go from 180°C-235°C.
It also features unique 'Titanium Ceratherm™ System', which instantly transfers heat to the hair, and the plates have a curved design so it's easy to create flicks, waves, and curls.
Get it from Look Fantastic for £90 .
7. GHD Original Styler £109
The GHD Original Styler is a professional styler, which heats up fast and and provides a sleek finish.
The thin barrels mean that the plates can be used a variety of ways to create curls, waves, or just straight hair.
The refined ceramic plates style hair easily and quickly with impressive results.
Get it from Look Fantastic for £109
8. Paul Mitchell Neuro Smooth Straighteners £99.95
These Paul Mitchell Neuro Smooth straighteners heat up to 450°F (232°C) in 30 seconds and are designed to style your hair in one easy pass.
There's even a SmartSense microchip that monitors the temperature 50 times per second to ensure even heat distribution at all times - that's a lot of tech for a pair of hair straighteners.
Get it from Look Fantastic for £99.95
9. Cloud Nine Original Iron £139
This straightener uses less heat to create your looks, which means less damage to your hair.
Using 'state of the art temperature control technology' you can style your hair without searing it. There are also lots of handy features including a swivel cord, hibernation mode and temperature gauge.
Get it from Look Fantastic for £139.
10. BaByliss Pro - Advanced Ceramic Styler Hair Straightener £44.98
This Babyliss Ceramic styler uses floating ceramic plates and nano titanium technology for a smooth, fast performance. It also features 10 variable heat settings and curved plates so you can style you hair in a number of ways.
Get it from Amazon for £44.98
11. Braun ST780 Sensocare Hair Straightener £52.99
This purse friendly straightener is a steal at only £52.99. It's packed full of intelligent technology such as in built sensors to detect the moisture level of each hair strand 20 times a second, and adapt the temperature to protect hair.
There are ceramic plates to help you style your hair whether you're going for a curly or straight look.
Get it from Argos for £52.99
April 18, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
CALGARY—Canadian potash company Agrium Inc. has commissioned a major expansion project at its fertilizer plant in Borger, Texas.
The company finished work on the facility's new urea plant this January and has now begun producing the nitrogen-rich compound used mainly in the agricultural industry.
Agrium said it is currently ramping up production at the plant and expects to reach the site's full operational capacity of 610,000 tonnes of urea by the end of this year's second quarter.
“The successful completion of our first run of urea production from our Borger nitrogen expansion project continues to emphasize our commitment to operational excellence and creating shareholder value at Agrium,” Chuck Magro, the company's president and CEO, said in a statement. “We look forward to bringing our reliable and high quality urea and [Diesel Exhaust Fluid] products to existing and new customers in this key agricultural region of the U.S.”
The plant cost approximately $720 million to build, though Agrium previously warned the final cost could creep up about five per cent due to changes to the project scope and timeline. The company started work on the project in 2014.
Potash industry heavyweights Agrium and PotashCorp agreed to a major merger deal in late 2016, which could close by the middle of this year.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a pick-up truck in Southam this weekend.
The crash happened on Saturday June 10 on the B4451 between Southam and Deppers Bridge just before 9.55am.
A BMW motorcycle and a black Mitsubishi pick-up truck were involved in the crash. The rider of the motorcycle was killed.
Investigating officers are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or anyone who may have seen the vehicles before hand.
Anyone with any information should contact Warwickshire Police on 101 and quote incident number 116 of June 10.
Lawmakers, educators, and the tech sector have been pushing for more computer science education in New Mexico.
The State of New Mexico does not have a statewide computer science education plan. Educators and professionals in the tech sector are calling for more computer science education in the state.
Paige Prescott has taught computer science in New Mexico and outside the United States. For years, they have been working with educators, the tech sector, and lawmakers to pass legislation to expand computer science in New Mexico.
Prescott is President of the Computer Science Teachers Association of New Mexico. The organization https://sites.google.com/a/csta-hq.org/new-mexico/csta-nm-officers in 2017 worked to get the state legislature to pass Senate Bill 134, which allowed for high school students to take CS courses for math or science credit towards graduation. The legislation was later vetoed by Governor Susana Martinez and is in legal limbo. Prescott says the legislation had major support. https://www.nmlegis.gov/Legislation/Legislation?chamber=S&legType=B&legNo=134&year=17
“The business community was there saying this is important, we had the unions saying we support this, we had school districts saying they wanted it,” Prescott said.
Many students in the state do not have access to a computer science course. Prescott says the law they worked on would have helped administrators schedule the courses.
“So, right now there is not enough incentives for schools to schedule a computer science class and to support a computer science program. So, by moving it towards something that does count towards a graduation requirement either a math and science credit. The principals and others have the ability to say ‘well this is important' and so they can schedule it that way,” Prescott says.
New Mexico isn't the only state lacking in computer science options. A 2016 Information Technology and Innovation Foundation Report tells the story. It is a study of high school transcripts in 2009 showed only 19 percent of high school seniors took some form of computer class, down six percentage points from 2000. The report also showed major gender gaps. Only 14 percent of female students took a computer course compared to 24 percent of males. http://www2.itif.org/2016-computer-science-education.pdf
In a Skype interview, Sean Roberts, Director of State Government Affairs with Code.org said having foundational knowledge of computers is a 21st century skill of life, and when states pass policy to offer computer science as a credit it opens doors to traditionally underrepresented minorities and female students. https://code.org/
“When it counts towards graduation requirements, you naturally have more students that can take that as part of their regular schedule so you increase diversity of participation with those types of policies,” Roberts said.
Roberts says passing computer science standards is also an important part of understanding what computer science is.
“Computer science is not being a user of technology or being able to use apps, although that's certainly important, and it's not keyboarding which again, is an important skill for students to have, but that's not what we're talking about when we talk about computer science.”
Sean Roberts says Arkansas has expanded computer science access across the state and Indiana and Wyoming have also passed bills to expand computer science in grades K-12.
Anthony Owen is Director of Computer Science Education in Arkansas, which according to some CS educators is the “gold standard.” Owen says expanded computer science education beyond high school is also important. http://www.arkansased.gov/divisions/special-projects/arkansas-computer-science-initiative
“We saw that if we only focused on that, we would continue down the road that the computer science community seems to have a problem with right now, which is overrepresentation of white and male individuals in not only the classes but in the industry.”
Owen says Arkansas has dedicated $10 million dollars over the next four years to increasing computer science education. They say the state has established professional learning hubs for teachers to learn CS Skills to address a shortage of trained computer science educators.
Sean Roberts says that having the teacher capacity to teach CS Skills is a major part of CS education policy.
"We're only going to go as far as teachers take us on this," Roberts says.
To attract different industries looking for tech savvy employees, nearby states like Colorado have passed CS funding measures and are working on setting up computer science standards. While Texas requires that all high schools offer computer science education. Roberts says these tech positions cross all sectors of employment.
“In Wyoming, recently I had the pleasure to meet a student whose lived on a ranch their whole life. They actually developed an app for their family ranch to track cattle vaccinations and parental lineage. Instead of keeping it on yellow notebook paper, now their family has another tool at their disposal that's going to save them time and money,” said Roberts.
Jennifer Nevarez is with New Mexico Tech Works; their organization http://www.nmtechworks.com/is trying to build a pipeline for education, enterprise and employment opportunities in New Mexico. I met them in Santa Fe where they told me it's critical for the state to offer more CS education, because technology is everywhere.
“You'll find it in cars, industrial applications, you'll find tech in healthcare, in tech...software development,” Nevarez says.
Matt Brown, is Santa Fe's Director of Economic Development; they say a more computer science savvy workforce will help grow companies in the tech sector.
“All of them (tech companies) are reliant in some ways to different aspects of computer science from basic programming to interface design to AI and…computational analysis that is way over my head. At every kind of level that type of knowledge and skills would be incredibly beneficial to that industry inside of Santa Fe,” Brown said.
In New Mexico, a court may decide the future of SB134, the bill allowing CS to count for math or science credit toward graduation. Paige Prescott says it was unfortunate the Governor's office did not give a reason why the bill was vetoed, but they have hope.
“I was told that the lemonade out of the lemons was that it kept computer science in the news and it kept people being aware that this is an issue, and hopefully it will grow that awareness,” says Prescott.
While many students, educators, and the tech industry await the next step, progress continues. School districts, tech learning programs, and dedicated teachers continue to do their part to ensure that some New Mexico students have an opportunity to gain CS Skills.
Police in New Jersey say they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
Police are warning people to be on their guard during the festive shopping season, as fraudsters take advantage of those full of the festive spirit.
Independent crime-fighting charity, Crimestoppers, is appealing to the public for information on those making, buying or selling counterfeit banknotes.
In the first half of 2017, over 237,000 worthless counterfeit banknotes with a notional value of over £4.88 million were removed from the UK's streets.
While less than 1 per cent of notes in circulation are counterfeit, this is not a victimless crime. Many retailers, businesses, school, charities and the elderly have been conned out of money using fake notes.
Christmas is a time when more cash changes hands, especially £20 and £50 notes, and fraudsters take advantage of the festive season by targeting busy shops with temporary staff.
Incidents include scammers tricking innocent members of the public into swapping fake £20 notes for two genuine £10 notes, and businesses being left out of pocket if they take a counterfeit note.
Serious business
Counterfeit notes are also known to be linked to serious and organised criminal gangs. One gang was sentenced to over three years' imprisonment for the manufacture of £320,000 worth of fake notes. In another more recent case, three men were prosecuted after £40,000 of fake notes were found in a Kent property that was also used to supply cannabis.
As well as raising public awareness of fake banknotes, in October Crimestoppers partnered with the Bank of England to launch the Banknote Checking Scheme. Aimed at cash-handling businesses, it promotes banknote checking at point of sale through targeted training, with the aim of reducing the number of counterfeit notes being accepted.
Further information on fake notes can be found on Crimestoppers' web page at fakenotes.co.uk.
Director of Operations for Crimestoppers, Roger Critchell, said: “Fake notes are completely worthless and knowingly holding or passing on counterfeit notes is a crime”.
“The purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness of counterfeit money, especially around Christmas when money can be tight, but also to highlight how heartless and callous fraudsters can be when targeting their victims”.
“I'd ask that anyone with information on those selling counterfeit notes contact Crimestoppers anonymously, safe in the knowledge no one will know you spoke to us, and knowing you may have prevented someone's Christmas from being ruined.”
Ben Crosland, Senior Manager of Banknote Engagement and Communications at the Bank of England, said: “The general public play an important role when it comes to reporting counterfeit currency. Campaigns like this and the recently launched Banknote Checking Scheme, are essential to encourage the public and businesses to help us and law enforcement stop the counterfeiters.”
If you have information on those making, selling or buying counterfeit notes then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at crimestoppers-uk.org/give-info.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
'Idiot' football fans threw bottles at a big screen when it temporarily broke during the nail-biting penalty shootout last night.
Hundreds of supporters gathered on the De Montfort University (DMU) campus last night to watch England's historic victory against Colombia.
However the tense atmosphere soured when the transmission of the match cut out for 90 seconds during the penalty shoot out prompting some people to pelt bottles at the 34sqm screen on the side of the Vijay Patel building, reports LeicestershireLive .
The damage means DMU is set to call off its plans to screen England's World Cup quarter final because of the damage caused by the bottles.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
Prof Shellard tweeted: “Disappointed to learn that during an unexpected 90 second lapses in the transmission of tonight's game bottles were thrown at our Big Screen damaging it.
“It's unlikely, therefore, we will be able to show the Quarter Final now.”
Student nurse Molly Kiltie was among the fans watching the match left disappointed by the poor behaviour.
They said: “What a shame. This is the first time I've watched the World Cup and I've been enjoying the excitement and atmosphere! It's a shame that a small group of people have to ruin it for everyone else.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Sunita Patel tweeted: “Sorry to hear that.
“The atmosphere was really great tonight but it was a shame that There was so much bottle/can throw into/across the crowds.”
Gemma Roberts wrote on Facebook : "It really was such a shame people seem incapable of showing respect for the generosity of the uni.
"I was there last night and had such a great time, atmosphere was amazing, just a shame so many people seemed incapable of cleaning up after themselves...
"I really hope Saturday still goes ahead, maybe if it does then try to put a blanket ban on glass bottles?"
(Image: FIFA)
The screen has been showing matches since the tournament kicked off in Russia last month and the atmosphere has been largely good natured.
However there were some reports of bottle-throwing during England's group match against Belgium.
England play Sweden on Saturday in a World Cup quarter final with the winners going on to face either Croatia or Russia in the semi final.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Are you one of those people who always chooses more expensive supermarket items over cheaper versions?
If you are you may be paying a lot more for an identical product - as much as 86 per cent in some cases.
MirrorOnline has carried out an investigation and discovered that shoppers in four major British supermarkets - Sainsbury's, Asda, Tesco and Morrisons - could be paying over the odds for many products.
Items such as cornflakes, butter, corned beef or UHT milk as cheaper varieties of these items had no difference in ingredients or nutritional value - but the prices were very different.
There were no differences in nutritional value or ingredients between price tiers and in some cases, own-label and value products actually came from the same factory.
James Walker, of complaints website Resolver, said: “Flogging the same products at different prices is misleading for shoppers.”
Both Morrisons and Asda said there were differences between products in different price ranges. Asda said products had the 'same overall ingredients' but 'gradings differed', while Morrisons confirmed its Savers butter is sourced from inside and outside the UK but its standard butter is 'always' British. It also claimed its long life milk has 'clever' packaging.
A Tesco spokesperson told the Liverpool Echo : "We want all our own-brand products [to] offer real value and are reviewing our approach to these."
A Sainsbury's representative also added: "There are many factors which inform product specification. This will dictate the range it is in."
You can see some of the differences in price between identical products at each supermarket below.
Price differences between 'own label' and 'value' ranges
1. Sainsbury's
Basics corned beef, 340g - £1.50
Corned beef, 340g - £1.75
DIFFERENCE: 25p
2. Tesco
Tesco, Everyday value cornflakes, 500g - 45p
Cornflakes, 500g - £1
DIFFERENCE: 55p
3. Morrisons
Savers UHT skimmed milk, 1L - 57p
Longlife skimmed milk, 1L - 88p
DIFFERENCE: 31p
4. Tesco
Everyday value new potatoes in water, 567g -35p
New potatoes in water, 567g - 65p
DIFFERENCE: 30p
5. Tesco
Everyday value corned beef, 340g - £1.50
Corned Beef, 340g - £1.75
DIFFERENCE: 25p
6. Sainsbury's
Basics self-raising flour, 1.5kg - 60p
Self-raising flour, 1.5kg - 85p
DIFFERENCE: 25p
7. Asda
Smartprice Corned Beef, 340g -£1.47
Corned Beef, 340g -£1.59
DIFFERENCE: 20p
8. Asda
Smartprice garden peas in water, 300g, - 21p
Garden peas in water, 300g - 40p
DIFFERENCE: 19p
9. Morrisons
Savers clear honey, 340g - £1
Clear honey 227g - £1.13
DIFFERENCE: 13p
10. Morrisons
Savers salted butter, 250g - £1.50
Salted Butter (250g) - £1.60
DIFFERENCE: 10p
Karnataka chief minister H.D. Kumaraswamy. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Chief minister H.D. Kumaraswamy on Wednesday asked farmers in Karnataka to give details of their loans, including the amount and if it had been utilized, to the deputy commissioners of their districts within the next 15 days.
“I am committed to waiving off farm loans,” they said told farmers at a meeting convened specially for discussing farm loan waivers, without specifying when the scheme will be implemented. However, in a statement, the chief minister said that all the modalities of the scheme would be ready within the next 15 days.
Kumaraswamy spoke after individual farmers at the meeting requested a complete waiver of loans, including those taken for occasions like weddings or for buying two wheelers and gold.
Kumaraswamy and their deputy G.Parameshwara made it clear that they would have to examine all claims before taking a decision. Far from their promise to waive Rs53,000 crore worth of farm loans within 24 hours of theirs assuming power as the chief minister, Kumaraswamy has advanced the delivery of their election manifesto assurances on account of having to consult with their coalition partners the Congress.
“In the next 15 days, Dr G. Parameshwara and I will meet Rahul Gandhi and also discuss this,” they said while adding that they would have to convince the Congress president on the subject as well.
Just five days after proving their majority, Kumaraswamy's government has seen pressure from all sections, especially farmers and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), to waive farm loans.
Karnataka, which has seen over 3,500 farmer suicides in the last five years, has received scanty rainfall, resulting in droughts and pushing farmers further into debt. Though the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government announced a Rs8,165 crore farm loan waiver last year, the JD(S) went a step further to state that it would waive loans taken from even nationalised banks to gain the support of the over 40 million strong community.
Kumaraswamy said that last year's budget (presented in February by Siddaramaiah) was of Rs2 trillion and that the waiver would have to be included in this amount. Though Kumaraswamy is set to present another budget, the Rs53,000 crore farm loan waiver would account for around 25% of the existing budget. They added that other than the farm loan waiver, they would have to look at expenditure on social justice, education, health, irrigation and other sectors.
They sought suggestions from the community.
Kumaraswamy said they will call a meeting with nationalised bank heads in the next two to three days and has plans for long term solutions for the agricultural sector to make the farmer debt free in the future.
Poll: Discrimination Against Women Is Common Across Races, Ethnicities, Identities
Discrimination in the form of sexual harassment has been in the headlines for weeks now, but new poll results being released by NPR show that other forms of discrimination against women are also pervasive in American society. The poll is a collaboration with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
For example, a majority (56 percent) of women believe that where they live, women are paid less than men for equal work. And roughly a third (31 percent) say they've been discriminated against when applying for jobs because they are women.
Loading...
Overall, 68 percent of women believe that there is discrimination against women in America today.
The chart below shows that the experience of gender discrimination is not monolithic — women in each racial, ethnic and identity group have particular problems in employment, education, housing and interactions with law enforcement, the courts and government. Several groups of women also avoid seeking health care out of concern they will face discrimination.
Loading...
On nearly every measure, Native American women had the highest levels of discrimination based on gender. In our series, "You, Me and Them: Experiencing Discrimination in America," we have highlighted several of these situations, including unfair treatment by the courts in majority-Native areas.
NPR will livestream an expert panel discussion on Native American issues at noon ET on Tuesday.
One of the patterns that emerged from the poll and our subsequent reporting is a gulf between high- and low-income areas when it comes to experiences of discrimination. This gap is also apparent in the gender data crunched by our Harvard team. The graph below illustrates the stark differences based on income when it comes to several everyday experiences people have in their own neighborhoods.
Loading...
A snapshot in time
Our poll — which was fielded from late January to early April — before this fall's intense news coverage of sexual harassment — also captures what women were feeling and experiencing before the recent scandals.
We found that 37 percent women overall reported they or a female family member had been sexually harassed because they are women at some point in their lives. But there was a wide range of responses based on age, with 60 percent of those 18 to 29 years old saying they or a female family member had been sexually harassed because they are women, versus 17 percent of women 65 and over.
"Our survey highlights the extraordinary level of personal experiences of harassment facing women today, as reflected in the news," says Robert Blendon, co-director of the poll and professor of health policy and political analysis at the Harvard Chan School. "These national conversations may have affected how people viewed or responded to their own experiences in our survey, or their willingness to disclose these experiences."
Loading...
Indeed, a poll released last week by Quinnipiac University, asking specifically about sexual assault, suggests women may be more comfortable reporting such experiences now that more women are coming forward and revealing past abuse. (Our poll differs from Quinnipiac in that we asked a broader question: "Do you believe that you or someone in your family who is also a female has experience sexual harassment because you or they are female?")
The survey from NPR, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Harvard Chan School was conducted from Jan. 26 to April 9, 2017 among a nationally representative probability-based telephone (cell and landline) sample of 1,596 women. The margin of error for total female respondents is 4.6 percentage points at the 95 percent confidence interval. Complete methodological information is in the full poll report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A trio of Cambridge colleges with more than 17 centuries of history between them are throwing open their ancient doors to the public.
King's, Clare and Trinity are all backing this summer's Chariots of Fire charity race in the city, and allowing the hundreds of runners taking part to jog through their grounds.
The big race takes place on Sunday September 17, and is organised by Hewitsons Charitable Trust.
Teams of six runs in relay around the city centre, including teams from Cambridge colleges.
An event spokesperson said: "Each year many Cambridge colleges support Chariots of Fire by entering a team to compete against each other for the Inter-Collegiate Cup.
"During this time the cup has changed many hands since the first Chariots of Fire race in 1992, with recent winners being King's College, who have valiantly held on to first place for the past four years running.
Race director Charles Hewitson said: “Every year the participants for Chariots of Fire are given the opportunity to run through three of the historic colleges of Cambridge. We are grateful to Trinity, Clare and King's for allowing the race through their colleges as well as for their continued support for Chariots of Fire and the charities involved."
This year's charity is Alzheimer's Research UK.
The race starts and finishes on Queens' Green, and team registrations close on Wednesday September 13 at 5pm unless all 400 teams have registered before that date.
To enter a team, visit the event website.
THE BOTTOM LINE It's not that people are getting dumber, psychologists say. Humans have always had blind spots. But one in particular is causing trouble now: People are ignorant of their own ignorance. In order to realize you should look something up, you have to recognize that you don't already know the answer.
One of the enduring mysteries of the fake-news epidemic is why it's happening now, when it's easier than ever for readers to fact-check stories with a few quick keystrokes. A Google search and a little common sense should be enough to cast doubt on stories that the Clintons are running a child sex ring from a pizza parlor, that Sharia law has been instituted in Florida or that CNN accidentally aired 30 minutes of pornography.
And yet, fake news was rampant in 2016. No, busloads of paid protesters didn't descend on Texas in November, but more than 350,000 people shared 'news' that they did. Made-up stories outperformed the real stuff on Facebook, with dozens of dubious websites springing up to meet the demand. Pakistan's defense minister fell for fake news. So did America's next national security adviser. No wonder PolitiFact named fake news its “Lie of the Year.”
It's not that people are getting dumber, psychologists say. Humans have always had blind spots. But one in particular is causing trouble now: People are ignorant of their own ignorance. In order to realize you should look something up, you have to recognize that you don't already know the answer.
Brown University psychology professor Steven Sloman has been investigating this tendency. In one 2013 study, they asked subjects how much they know about complex policies such as unilateral sanctions on Iran. Most people reported knowing a lot — but when asked to explain how the policies worked, they couldn't. Shattering what Sloman calls “the knowledge illusion” leads people to downgrade their self-assessment — but then their overconfidence returns. More recently, Sloman has been researching the way people overestimate their understanding of everything from glue to coffee-makers to toilets for their forthcoming book “The Knowledge Illusion: Why We Never Think Alone.”
Not everyone is equally self-deluded, of course. As a test, Sloman asks a simple math question: A bat costs $1 more than a ball, and together they cost $1.10. What does the ball cost? About 20 percent of people get this right, they said, and they are not as vulnerable to the knowledge illusion. (The ball 5 costs cents. If you were sure it cost 10 cents, you are among the majority of people, and you could stand to improve your reflective thinking skills.)
But what about content knowledge — knowing facts about the world? You might think that would arm people against fake news, but experiments show that's not necessarily the case. Education professor Joseph Kahne of the University of California Riverside gave young subjects, age 15 to 27, a short test for political literacy and then showed them a mix of fake and real news stories presented as Facebook posts. They found high scorers were no better than the rest at separating fake stories from evidence-based ones.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
What did matter was whether a news story bolstered the subjects' existing beliefs. “The judgments people make are heavily influenced by whether or not information aligns with a policy position they already hold,” Kahne said. People who identify as liberals have no trouble pooh-poohing the rumor that Barack Obama was born in Kenya, for example, while those on the conservative end were more likely to believe it. Likewise, liberals were more likely than conservatives to swallow a false claim that 90 percent of rich Americans pay no taxes. The results are slated to be published in American Educational Research Journal.
Kahne says the powerful influence of pre-existing political beliefs may explain why a little knowledge doesn't shield people from being fooled. The people who know more about politics, they said, are better equipped to understand the political implications of a story, and therefore quicker to know whether it reinforces or challenges their beliefs. You have to know a little about politics to know if a given story makes liberals or conservative look bad.
And false stories are easier than ever to generate and spread. In decades past, Kahne said, people trusted established newspapers, magazines and TV news programs. But trust in the mainstream media has declined massively over the past 20 years, while a majority of Americans now get news from Facebook.
Many younger people simply read what Facebook feeds them, Kahne said. They may not pay attention to whether a story came from a legitimate news site. What's more, they may not care if it's true. People are no longer just consumers of news but producers and circulators, they said. Few young people in 20th century went around photocopying newspaper stories and distributing them, but millions do this on Facebook today. Spreading accurate stories isn't necessarily rewarded with likes and shares.
Kahne, like a number of other experts, doesn't think the answer lies in making Facebook's executives the arbiters of truth. Better, they say, to help readers and social media users think more critically. The question is: How? One factor that makes a difference is education. In the study, Kahne asked their subjects whether they had any sort of media literacy instruction in high school. Those who were least vulnerable to fake news were most likely to have remembered teachers explaining how to evaluate news stories for credibility. Some teachers also discussed what many of us take for granted: that the difference between truth and falsehood actually matters.
As Kahne and their co-authors say in their paper: “The belief that accurate information will bolster democratic decision-making and enable societal improvement is deeply embedded in the enlightenment paradigm, pragmatist beliefs, deliberative ideals and other prominent conceptions of a strong, just, and productive democracy.” But people aren't born knowing this. In fact, most may not know it — though they probably think they do.
Flam is a Bloomberg View columnist. They were a staff writer for Science magazine and a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer, and they are the author of “The Score: How the Quest for Sex Has Shaped the Modern Man.”
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United legend Gary Neville believes Eden Hazard still has some way to go before they can be considered one of the best players in the world.
Hazard failed to show their best form when it mattered the most for Chelsea as the Premier League leaders suffered a 2-0 defeat against Manchester United on Sunday which cut their lead at the top of the table to just four points.
According to the Manchester Evening News , Neville had special praise for the way United midfielder Ander Herrera nullified the Chelsea star during the game and feels their outstanding performance was the key behind Jose Mourinho's game plan on the day.
(Photo: AFP)
Former United captain Neville named Herrera man of the match - but also believes Hazard made it ‘easy' for the midfielder.
The Sky Sports pundit claims that is why the Belgian international is still short of the game's greats like Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
“I've got loads of time for them - great player,” Neville told Monday Night Football. “I always think that maybe they need to go that step further.
(Photo: Getty)
“Is they a bit timid to be what would be a really selfish, horrible best player in the world - Cristiano, Messi types that really has that drive and determination?
“I thought they accepted things too easily. They made it easy for Herrera far too often.
“He made it as comfortable as can be.
“In and out of possession, I thought they made it simple.”
Hazard is among the favourites to be named PFA Player of the Year after taking Chelsea to the brink of they Premier League title.
But Neville believes their display at Old Trafford is a reminder that the 26-year-old is still some way short of the very best.
They claimed Hazard should have been intelligent enough to drag Herrera out of position.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
“Man marking is okay in central areas,” they added. “You cannot man mark a winger who plays wide.
“It is impossible because you can't stand right next to them - you've got to give yourself a five yard gap.
“That's the position they should have held and been patient. They showed a lack of maturity and a bit of naivety.
“He should have stayed in that position all game. He'd have got in.
(Photo: Matthew Peters)
“He almost thought: ‘This is really difficult, he's man-marking me,' and accepted it.
“Didn't really go and do something different.
“If you think of Hazard there (wide), they can get into positions, they can wriggle, manipulate the ball, win free kicks and Herrera would've had a lot more difficult day. They lost their patience.
“Hazard fell short of their understanding of playing against a man-marker.
“You need to play high and wide or high and through the middle. Next time they might.”
Air Force Radio News 30 May 2018 A
Today's stories: Last week two Air Force pilots were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. Also, this Friday starts the 2018 Department of Defense Warrior Games.
Trump Asked Sessions To Reverse Their Recusal From The Russian Inquiry President Trump said again on Wednesday that they wished they had chosen someone other than Jeff Sessions to serve as attorney general.
Police say the man hit the driver in the back of the head in the early hours following St Patrick's Day celebrations.
Fremantle Markets patrons Lachlan Dwyer and their partner Xiuling Fen with market traders, from left, Chelsea Styles, Lie Fen Kuang and Tony Mack.
Fremantle Markets patrons Lachlan Dwyer and their partner Xiuling Fen with market traders, from left, Chelsea Styles, Lie Fen Kuang and Tony Mack. Picture: Nic Ellis
Fremantle Markets — a landmark of the harbour city for more than 120 years — has had a record 12 months with more than 2.64 million people streaming through its historic gates last year.
And it could be the markets' food that is proving to be the biggest lure.
Chief executive Natasha Atkinson said the markets offered many unique food products that were not only tasty but “very instagrammable”.
They include muffles (a cross between muffins and waffles), honey cake and “roogenic” teas made from natural Australian herbs.
“These are products that attract people to the markets,” Ms Atkinson said.
“We also have a lot of traders that have unique, handmade products only available here.
“These attractions, combined with that distinctive Fremantle vibe and more than 600 buskers on our roster, provide an experience that is very attractive for visitors.”
Fremantle Markets, established in 1897, has more than 150 stalls selling everything from fashion and health products to indigenous art.
“Not only do we have a vast array of shopping and dining options but we proudly boast the original heritage structure, with the original cobblestones from the late 1800s,” Ms Atkinson said.
Songs We Love: Retirement Party, 'Passion Fruit Tea'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sarah Beidatsch/Courtesy of the artist Sarah Beidatsch/Courtesy of the artist
Emo has plenty of genre-wide classics, the kind of songs that, while never actually topping the charts, have become inescapable within that scene. And while it's a fairly crowded field, one listen to "Passion Fruit Tea" proves that Retirement Party deserve a place in the canon.
Taken from the Chicago band's debut album Somewhat Literate, which follows the self-released Strictly Speaking EP, "Passion Fruit Tea" sees vocalist-guitarist Avery Springer waking up only to realize that she's unwittingly entered adulthood, and that they don't know exactly what that means. It's a common trope, but instead of prostrating herself, they use the song as a means of embracing them worth, taking stock of the things they have and opting to appreciate them fully — even if it's just a perfectly steeped batch of tea.
"Passion Fruit Tea" bubbles with big, pop-punk hooks — the kind that recall Modern Baseball at its best — but they're buoyed by nimble solos courtesy of Springer and guitarist Nick Cartwright. Instead of the overly intricate, borderline math-rock displays that permeated so much of the emo revival, Retirement Party's solos feel rooted in classic rock, the kind that re-frame the vocal melody before building up to a final note bent cathartically toward the sky.
In essence, Retirement Party offer up a song that invites both introspection and self-deprecation. "Owe me, owe me, everybody owes me," Springer sings at the top of each chorus, tongue firmly in cheek. It's part acknowledgement of the reflexive doubt that so many musicians feel about sharing their unvarnished thoughts in song, but also a way to push back against the myopia of it all. Much like adulthood itself, "Passion Fruit Tea" embraces these dichotomies, proving that just because you've started taking yourself seriously doesn't mean that you can't have a little fun with it.
Somewhat Literate is out May 25 on Counterintuitive Records.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Notre Dame College-Cleveland St. Box
CLEVELAND ST. 89, NOTRE DAME COLLEGE 56 NOTRE DAME COLLEGE (0-1)
Cugini 5-9 0-0 10, Kelsheimer 1-6 2-3 4, Parks 7-17 5-6 23, Hayes 3-9 0-0 9, Scarberry 1-4 2-2 4, Megins 1-5 1-2 4, Ching 0-0 0-0 0, Atcheson 1-4 0-0 2, Beidlman 0-1 0-0 0, Frankland 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 19-55 10-13 56.
CLEVELAND ST. (3-6)
Kenic 2-7 2-4 7, Carpenter 7-13 1-2 17, Word 7-16 1-2 19, Appleby 4-5 3-3 12, Wright 1-1 0-0 2, Hairston 2-4 0-0 5, Christian 3-7 0-0 9, Thomas 4-8 1-1 10, Highsmith 3-7 1-2 8, Hales 0-0 0-0 0, Payne 0-1 0-0 0. Totals 33-69 9-14 89.
Halftime_Cleveland St. 38-21. 3-Point Goals_Notre Dame College 8-27 (Parks 4-9, Hayes 3-6, Megins 1-3, Atcheson 0-1, Scarberry 0-2, Cugini 0-2, Kelsheimer 0-4), Cleveland St. 14-39 (Word 4-13, Christian 3-6, Carpenter 2-6, Appleby 1-1, Hairston 1-1, Thomas 1-3, Highsmith 1-3, Kenic 1-5, Payne 0-1). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Notre Dame College 38 (Cugini 18), Cleveland St. 35 (Carpenter 8). Assists_Notre Dame College 10 (Megins 5), Cleveland St. 18 (Thomas 5). Total Fouls_Notre Dame College 14, Cleveland St. 15. A_1,033 (13,610).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave casino worker has relived the horrific moment they were surrounded and sexually harassed by three men on the street.
Amy Dees was taking a break from work in the early hours of the morning when they were approached by the men who they say surrounded them and made disturbing comments
They said one of the man kissed their hand and told them ‘I'll give you the whole world' while another threatened 'you are going to come with me'.
The terrifying ordeal has destroyed the 24-year-old's confidence and forced them to quit their job.
To make matters worse police have been unable to identify the predatory trio,
“They are still out there. They are probably doing it to someone else now. I would never want anyone to go through what I went through,” they told Chronicle Live.
(Image: Chronicle Live WS)
Man hurls Molotov cocktail into restaurant next to their home "because it was too noisy and disturbed their sleep"
The 24-year-old, from West Denton, Newcastle, had stepped outside the back of Aspers Casino to get some air when they were approached by three men who were chatting in a foreign accent.
“It was about 4am in the morning and it was break time. I just went out the back just to chill for a little bit,” Amy explained. “I saw these three guys walking up the alley when they approached us they were talking in a foreign language I didn't know what they were saying and it freaked us out.”
But as the men got closer to Amy said they began talking in English, and started making disturbing comments towards them before surrounding them
“One said; ‘Go and kiss her',” they said. “I tried to go back in and they surrounded us. They were saying weird things like; ‘You are going to come with me'. and ‘I want to kiss you'. One of them was kissing my hand. They said; ‘I'll give you the whole world'.”
(Image: Chronicle Live WS)
“I was shaking like a leaf. I didn't know what to say or what to do. I just wanted to get away. They were just really creepy.
“They eventually started to walk away one at a time. By that time I was distraught. I was crying and crying.”
Amy, who has waived their legal right to anonymity as a victim of a sex attack, went back into work and finished their shift.
When they got home and told their parents what had happened Amy's dad took them straight to Forth Banks police station to report the incident.
(Image: Chronicle Live WS)
A police officer told them the area was covered by a number of CCTV cameras and they were hopeful images of the men would be available.
Following the attack Amy decided to leave their job at Aspers as they no longer felt safe working night shifts,
“It massively affected my confidence,” they said. “I wasn't confident walking to my car at night and if any man approached us I would freeze. I left my job because I had to work nightshift.
“Before this I always used to think if something like that happened to me I would stand up to them. But when it happens to you you just freeze. I wanted to should and scream but I couldn't.”
(Image: Chronicle Live WS)
A Northumbria Police spokesperson said officers would still like to hear from anyone with any information about the attack.
They said: “We can confirm we are investigating an incident outside Aspers Casino where four men approached a female staff member, touched their hand and tried to kiss them before the woman went back inside the casino.
“Officers have been carrying out a number of enquiries and trawled CCTV footage in the city centre but have so far been unable to identify those involved. If anyone has information about the incident then police would ask they get in touch with police.”
Call Northumbria Police on 101 quoting log 118 02/11/17.
They kissed away your bumps and bruises and taught you how to pass on that same healing gift. Though these special women may have passed, daughters and granddaughters can share memories of them in the supportive company of others dealing with the same loss at Chesapeake Life Center's annual Remembering Mothers Tea.
It will be held from 6 to 7:30 p.m. May 11, the Thursday before Mother's Day, in the conference center of Hospice of the Chesapeake's John and Cathy Belcher Campus, 90 Ritchie Highway in Pasadena. Women and girls ages 12 and older who are grieving the loss of a mother or grandmother are invited to participate in this reflective and healing gathering.
The cost is $10 and includes tea and finger sandwiches. Guests can bring their own tea cups (BYOTC) to the gathering that remind them of their loved ones. Advance registration is required. To register, call 888-501-7077.
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Lateral entry, at best, should only be an exception and not the norm. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
Nearly seven decades ago, an erudite statesman from Gujarat came up with a distinctive idea of creating a politically neutral and independent civil service. This “steel frame” , as they rightly put it, would form a part of the permanent executive to deliver fair and just administration to the newly independent country.
Seven decades hence, another leader from Gujarat is making a half-baked attempt to “reform” the civil service. A “bold experiment” is being carried out in the form of lateral entry at joint secretary-level in the government of India.
The underlying motivation behind this move, as it is being claimed, is essentially two-fold. First, the idea is to infuse outside talent and, second, to harness and make use of the knowledge of domain experts from outside the system.
It would not be a hyperbole to suggest that the coveted Indian Administrative Service (IAS) continues to be the envy of many. In spite of increased job opportunities in the corporate world, the civil services, in general, and the IAS, in particular, continue to be a powerful magnet for competent, capable and proficient graduates from various streams and diverse fields. So much so, Lant Pritchett from the prestigious Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University notes that civil servant aspirants must undergo an application process that makes getting into Harvard look like a walk in the park. Therefore, it would not be an exaggeration to establish that the top rankers in the civil services examination, especially the ones who make it to the IAS, are exceptionally intelligent individuals.
The Constitution clearly articulates that the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) alone has the mandate to conduct examinations for recruitment to civil service jobs in the Union government. Therefore,the government's decision to recruit joint secretaries from outside the system, undermining the authority of the UPSC in the process, is an attempt to tear down the very fabric and fundamental premise of parliamentary democracy, which is undeniably linked to placing confidence on a strictly merit-based, apolitical civil service.
An IAS officer becomes eligible to hold the post of a joint secretary after completing roughly 20 years of service. Now, it is important to understand the role and functions of a joint secretary serving in the Union government.
To begin with, they are meant to be a generalist and not a specialist. Officers at this level are not empanelled to maximize profits or to market some product or service, as maybe the case in the private sector. A joint secretary-level officer is expected to funnel-to-pulp well-researched information, data or statistics, as the case may be, in a lucid, succinct manner before the political executive.  They are to aid the political executive in weighing competing trade-offs, bearing in mind that the ultimate objective of public policy is to maximize social welfare.
It is only a generalist with rich experience in public administration who can visualize, see through, and articulate macro perspectives. Besides, they have sufficient experience of working at the village, district and state level. They understand how policies are implemented and the shortcomings of various policies. Therefore, when they rise to the rank of a joint secretary, they have vast practical experience in their kitty, which enables them to craft and design dynamic policies.
Specialists and domain experts are bereft of such qualities and, therefore, are not best suited to fill-up these positions. Lateral inductees, divorced from reality, will have little or no idea of how policies are implemented at the grass-roots level, let alone the policymaking process. Their myopic vision and risk-averse attitude, coupled with ignorance of office procedures, is a deadly cocktail that can choke an already suffocated system. They can, at best, be roped in as consultants in an advisory role to offer expert advice. However, offering them a decision-making position would be dangerous for smooth governance and will lead to turf-wars. It may also result in lowering the morale of regular recruits whose knowledge is upgraded at periodic intervals in the best training institutes across the globe.
Wrong precedents in the government can be fatal, especially those wherein the political executive tinkers with well-established recruitment systems. No doubt lateral entries have been made in the past by previous ruling establishments. They haven't been successful experiments. The whole experience of inducting private-sector “managers” has been far from satisfactory when it came to “managing” the public sector. To be specific, examples include Air India, Indian Airlines, Vayudoot, etc.
The naysayers allege that a secure government job makes career bureaucrats inefficient and rusty. That's far from true. There is no assurance, whatsoever, that civil servants will reach top positions. The general public is probably unaware, but competition inside the services is real. The entire empanelment process is rigorous and holistic. Non-performers fall out of the race.
No doubt, over the years, the “steel frame” has rusted and time has come to refurbish it. But, lateral entry is definitely not the right way to go about it. The intention behind this move seems to be malicious and ill-considered. Lateral entry, at best, should only be an exception and not the norm. If shortage of civil servants is being felt, the number of recruitments made through the annual civil services examination can be gradually increased. Overhauling the current system of recruitment by altering the pattern of examination and the training format could be considered. However, creating a “back-door” entry route for once-upon-a-time IAS aspirants is perilous and must be checked before it is too late.
Sudeep Singh Dhillon retired as an additional chief secretary to the government of Haryana.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. builders broke ground on fewer homes in March, but the pace of construction so far this year remains stronger than in 2016.
The Commerce Department says housing starts fell 6.8 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.22 million. The setback came after strong gains in a warmer-than-usual February. Groundbreakings on new homes are 8.1 percent higher through the first three months of this year compared with 2016.
More Americans are seeking new homes as job security has improved with low unemployment. Rising housing starts suggest higher sales, but the construction has not overcome a dwindling supply of new and existing homes.
Building permits — an indicator of future home construction — rose 3.6 percent in March to an annual rate of 1.26 million.
Sisters in Community will host an evening of music, reflection, prayer, and fellowship during Ridgefield's National Day of Prayer this year.
The event will be held in the Garden House at Keeler Tavern, located at 132 Main St., on Thursday, May 4, from 7 to 8:00 p.m.
The community will be led in an evening dedicated to praying for the town, the nation and the world.
The national theme for this year is “For Your Great Name's Sake! Hear us, Forgive us, Heal us.”
This is a free event and all are welcome to attend.
© Russian Defense Ministry
The pilot survived the crash, but was killed during a fight with terrorists
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that the country's air forces conducted a group strike of the area controlled by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham militants in Idlib, from where a projectile was fired downing Russian Su-25 aircraft.The Russian Ministry of Defense revealed the preliminary information on the incident, saying that"The plane was flying over the Idlib de-escalation zone," the military stated.The Defense Ministry revealed that according to preliminary information as to the possible cause of the downing, the plane may have been shot down by a man-portable air-defense system (MANPAD)."The pilot reported on a bailout in an area controlled by rebels Jabhat Fatah al-Sham [previously known as al-Nusra Front]. When conducting a fight with terrorists, the pilot died," the Defense Ministry said.According to the ministry, Russia and Turkey, peace guarantor in Syria's Idlib de-escalation zone , are taking all possible efforts to return the body of the killed pilot.During the two-years long military operation in Syria, Russia lost four aircraft and four helicopters. According to Russian Defense Minister Yury Borisov, the country's air forces modernized Su-25SM ground attack aircraft are being used in Syria.The Su-25 attack aircraft is designed to destroy small-size mobile and fixed ground objects, as well as low-speed air targets.The conflict took place on the territory controlled by the Jabhat Fatah al-Sham terror group amid the ongoing military operation against them conducted by the Syrian forces.Among various terror groups operating in the area, there is also Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), an umbrella terrorist group spearheaded this year by the former Al-Nusra Front. While some countries such as the United States have flagged HTS as a terrorist group, Russian officials continue to refer to the Salafist jihadist terrorist organization by its old Al-Nusra moniker. Al-Nusra was the official Syrian branch of al-Qaeda until 2016, when it ostensibly split from the world's most well-known terrorist network.
