MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's trust ratings declined slightly in an opinion poll in the first three months this year, crimped by what political analysts call their deadly war on drugs that killed poor slum dwellers.
Seventy-six percent of 1,200 Filipinos surveyed by pollster Pulse Asia said they trusted the firebrand leader, for a drop of seven points from Dec. 2016. Their first quarter performance rating of 78 percent also slipped, from 83 percent earlier.
The capital, Manila, and the biggest island of Luzon showed the largest drop in the president's trust and performance ratings, as well as among poor respondents, said Ana Maria Tabunda, the firm's research director.
Poll respondents who were better off give the president a marked improvement in both performance and trust ratings, they added.
Duterte scored highest in their southern home region of Mindanao, however, Tabunda added.
"The highest ratings in the case of both their performance and trustworthiness are granted to President Duterte by those in Mindanao," they said in a statement.
The survey, released on Wednesday, did not ask respondents to give a reason for their ratings. It was conducted in face-to-face interviews held from March 15 to 20, about a week after police resumed a bloody anti-narcotics crackdown in slum communities.
The survey was largely influenced by social, political and economic developments during the first quarter, particularly the drug war killings, said Earl Parreno, an analyst at the Institute of Political and Electoral Reform.
"People in poorer communities, where most of these killings are happening, are obviously not happy with the president's drug war because they worry that somebody close to them would be the next victim of extrajudicial killings," they told Reuters.
"In the same way, the good grades for the president's trust and performance ratings were from the upper social classes, which is really a vote for approval of the drug war because they feel more secure from crime and drugs."
Next quarter's ratings are likely to be mainly influenced by political events, such as an expected cabinet reshuffle and economic issues, such as jobs and consumer prices, among other factors.
More than 8,000 people have been killed since Duterte took power on June 30 last year, with police taking responsibility for a third of those deaths, citing self-defence during anti-narcotics operations.
The government rejects rights groups' allegations that police are involved in thousands of mysterious deaths.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
CAIRO, March 30 Egypt expects inflation to start easing by the end of the year, Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy said on Thursday.
"We expect the inflation rate to ease starting in November or December," they told a conference in Cairo. Inflation hit a 30-year high in February, including an over 40 percent increase year-on-year to prices of food and beverages. (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Lin Noueihed)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
In two separate referendums, a few years apart, the people of the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept same-sex marriage and now abortion.
It is obvious that the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland can no longer influence or control what people do or think and the days of Holy Catholic Ireland are over.
It is now time for Presbyterian Ulster to accept reality and allow same-sex marriage and abortion to take place in Northern Ireland.
The Province can no longer remain an outpost of Oliver Cromwell's English Commonwealth of the 1650s.
If the Province does not accept reality then Presbyterianism in Ulster like the Irish Catholic Church and the Church of England faces terminal decline.
The young people of Northern Ireland, or the ‘Young Millennarian' like the ‘Young Millennarian' in the Republic of Ireland will bring about change in the Province, the ‘Old Guard' in the Democratic Unionist Party and the Free Presbyterian Church need to take heed or the young will desert unionism and Presbyterianism like rats deserting a sinking ship.
Yours in Christ,
James Annett, London
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
The term aviation connector applies to any electrical connector possessing multipin interconnects with contact housings and contact interface geometries. The circular connectors are preferred due to their ease of engagement and disengagement, their ability to conveniently house different types of contacts, their wide range of allowable contact voltages and currents, their ease of environmental sealing, and rugged mechanical performance. The growth of global aviation connectors market is influenced by various factors such as rise in the number of aircraft deliveries, shift towards electric architecture & technology, and existing backlogs of aircraft deliveries. The diverse applications of connectors in an aircraft is expected to render huge opportunities to the manufacturers in the upcoming years. The market players are adopting contract based strategies to hold their market position.
Aviation Connectors Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on type, shape, platform, end user, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the aviation connectors market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aviation connectors industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-connectors-market/request-sample
Aviation Connectors Market Segmentation
By Type
PCB
• Fiber Optic
• High Power
• High Speed
• RF Connectors
• Others
By Shape
Circular
• Rectangular
By Platform
• Fixed wing
• Rotary wing
By End User
Military
• Commercial
• Business Jets
• Others
By Application
Avionics
• Landing Gear
• Cabin Equipment
• Engine Control Systems
• Others
Aviation Connectors Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the aviation connectors market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on aviation connectors market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-connectors-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
A cancer cell (white) being attacked by two cytotoxic T cells (red), part of a natural immune response triggered by immunotherapy. REUTERS/NIH
Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year.
The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market.
The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1
"For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child."
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, and President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers.
"Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January.
But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses.
For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients.
Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1.
Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting.
Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment.
Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs.
Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications."
The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs.
"UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER"
Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research.
"Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies."
Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage.
According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said.
But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations.
Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS.
Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies.
"Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer."
Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation.
Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes.
In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit.
Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market.
"All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors."
(Editing by Edward Tobin)
U.S. solar company First Solar Inc (FSLR.O) on Wednesday said it was looking to sell its stake in a publicly traded company it formed with rival SunPower Corp (SPWR.O) less than two years ago, at the height of investor euphoria over so-called "yieldcos."
Separately, SunPower said it was exploring strategic alternatives for the venture, 8point3 Energy Partners (CAFD.O). Shares of the company slid 12 percent in extended trade on Wednesday.
Yieldcos are publicly traded entities that house solar and wind projects with long-term contracts with utilities. The vehicles collect the stable cash flows from utility contracts and pay them out as dividends.
In its statement, First Solar said the move would allow it to allocate more capital to the production of its next-generation Series 6 panels, which Chief Executive Mark Widmar said "has the potential to be a transformational product."
A global glut of panels has pushed prices down substantially over the last year, cutting profit margins for manufacturers like SunPower and First Solar and sometimes driving prices on power plant contracts down to uneconomic levels. First Solar, which is based in Tempe, Arizona, announced late last year that it would bring forward production of Series 6 by a year in a bid to improve profitability.
Yieldcos became popular among investors earlier this decade because they were viewed as a less volatile means of investing in renewable energy. But the bankruptcy of solar industry bellwether SunEdison, which formed two yieldcos before imploding last year, soured investor interest on the business model.
8point3, which houses project developed by both SunPower and First Solar, went public at $21 a share in June of 2015. Its stock closed at $13.21 Wednesday on the Nasdaq, and dropped to $11.65 in after-hours trade.
In its statement, SunPower said it would consider a potential replacement partner for First Solar, among other options. The partnership "still offers significant, long-term strategic value," the San Jose-based company said.
SunPower is majority owned by France's Total SA (TOTF.PA).
(Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Bill Rigby)
Bill Would Add Sexual Orientation And Gender Identity To Non-discrimination Law
On Wednesday, a bill that would make it unlawful to discriminate against anyone based on their gender identity or expression or sexual orientation will have a hearing at the Montana Legislature. Montana law already protects against discrimination based on sex, race, and creed.
Democratic Representative Kelly McCarthy of Billings is carrying House Bill 417.
"All we're saying is that you don't get to single out people and deny them the rights that the rest of us have because you don't like something about them," says McCarthy.
Last session, a similar bill did not make it out of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Republican Senator Cary Smith of Billings didn't support the bill in 2015.
"I'm just not interested in adding additional classes of people that identify (them)selves as different as the rest of the population, and think they need a discrimination protection against that," says Smith.
The hearing for House Bill 417 is Wednesday morning in the House Judiciary Committee.
Cole Grant is a reporter with the UM Legislative News Service, a partnership of the University of Montana School of Journalism, the Montana Broadcasters Association and the Greater Montana Foundation.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Brazil's President Michel Temer reacts during a ceremony to mark the signing of a decree on new regulations for beef inspection, at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Brazil's President Michel Temer looks on during a ceremony to mark the signing of a decree on new regulations for beef inspection, at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Brazil's President Michel Temer reacts during a ceremony to mark the signing of a decree on new regulations for beef inspection, at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
BRASILIA A growing majority of Brazilians disapprove of President Michel Temer's scandal-plagued government, and faith is flagging in their ability to steer the country out of its worst recession ever, according to a poll published on Friday.
The survey by pollster Ibope, conducted between March 16 and 19, said the number of people who consider Temer's government "bad" or "terrible" rose to 55 percent from 46 percent in the previous survey carried out in December.
The proportion of those who rate Temer's government as "great" or "good" slipped to 10 percent from 13 percent, putting its popularity at the same level as leftist former president Dilma Rousseff in March last year, before they were impeached.
Six of Temer's cabinet ministers, including their two closest aides, have been named in plea bargain testimony for allegedly receiving under-the-table payments, casting uncertainty over their ability to pass reforms needed to restore fiscal discipline and pull Brazil from its worst recession on record.
The number of Brazilians that approve of how Temer is governing Brazil slid to 20 percent from 26 percent in December, while those that disapprove has risen to 73 percent from 64 percent in December, the poll said.
Distrust of the president has grown steadily since they took over from Rousseff, vowing to restore growth and business confidence to Latin America's largest country.
Almost eight in every 10 Brazilians (79 percent) now say they do not trust Temer, up from 72 percent three months ago, the survey showed.
The poll commissioned by the National Confederation of Industry lobby CNI surveyed 2,000 people and has a margin of error of two percentage points.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Alistair Bell)
WASHINGTON May 2 The U.S. Senate voted on Tuesday to confirm attorney Jay Clayton to head the Securities and Exchange Commission, the agency tasked with policing and writing rules for Wall Street.
In a 61-37 vote, the Senate approved the nomination, with some moderate Democrats joining their Republican colleagues in supporting their confirmation. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch, editing by G Crosse)
May 3 Stuart Olson Inc.:
* Stuart Olson reports first quarter 2017 results and declares quarterly dividend
* Qtrly loss per share $0.01
* Qtrly contract revenue $220.1 million versus $245.5 million
* Says as at March 31, 2017, Stuart Olson's backlog was $1.9 billion
* Expects 2017 consolidated revenue to be "meaningfully" higher than in 2016
* Says adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to decline slightly for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
LONDON, April 6 BP has trimmed Chief Executive Bob Dudley's annual remuneration package by almost $8 million to $11.6 million, it said in its annual report on Thursday, after shareholders last year voted against their pay deal.
The 40 percent cut comes after the company made a number of changes to its renumeration policy, including a 25 percent reduction in bonuses for reaching certain targets, BP said.
Last year, some 59 percent of shareholders opposed Dudley's $19.4 million pay and benefits package which rose 20 percent despite the company reporting steep losses.
Executives' remuneration has come under growing scrutiny in Britain after a string of corporate scandals, such as the collapse of store chain BHS, have fuelled mistrust of well-paid company bosses. (Reporting by Karolin Schaps and Ron Bousso; editing by Jason Neely)
The final injury report is out for the Philadelphia Eagles and they will play without a pair of defensive starters. Defensive tackle Fletcher Cox and cornerback Ronald Darby have been ruled out of the game. Cox has a strained calf that caused them to miss a game already this season, while Darby has an ankle injury.
Cox is one of the most disruptive interior defenders in the NFL. Their absence will be a loss. However, it will be an opportunity for Beau Allen to step in, as they did a week ago against the Los Angeles Chargers.
In place of Darby, as was the case against Los Angeles, Rasul Douglas should get the start.
Running back Wendall Smallwood is listed as questionable, but they did not practice all week. Smallwood is Philly's pass-catching running back.
Defensive tackle Destiny Vaeao was limited all three days of practice and is questionable to play.
Safeties Jaylen Watkins and Corey Graham are listed as questionable, although both were full participants in practice all week, so they are likely to suit up.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
WASHINGTON – It's taken nearly 30 years, but Dorena Bertussi may finally get Congress to overhaul its sexual harassment policies.
Bertussi, 65, was the first congressional staffer to win a sexual harassment case against a member of Congress back in 1989.
The process before the House Ethics Committee was a “joke” back then, Bertussi said, and the winning settlement amounted to a half-hearted apology from their former boss, Rep. Jim Bates (D-Calif.)
But now, in the midst of a cultural shake-up in Congress, Hollywood and the media, lawmakers are making a legitimate attempt at rewriting sexual harassment rules that for too long protected the predator with taxpayer-funded settlements while marginalizing the victim.
As a former legislative assistant who came to Washington to write laws, Bertussi now is working with Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.) on legislation to overhaul the reporting process for sexual harassment.
There's growing consensus around Bertussi's idea of creating an ombudsman to guide the victims through the agonizing complaint process.
“You need an advocate to take you through this,” Bertussi said.
Comstock, a former congressional staffer, has thanked Bertussi for stepping forward years ago, despite facing personal threats and political backlash.
“She got little support from this body,” Comstock said before Congress recently. “She went on their journey alone. They received nasty phone calls, and even threats …. Fortunately they prevailed and men and women in the workplace should know them name.”
Bertussi was a young aide looking for a life change when they moved to Washington to work for Bates in 1987. But as soon as they arrived at the Capitol they started to worry whether they made the right choice to sell their home in California.
Bates commented about Bertussi's breasts and said that they must “like it done rough.” One day, they straddled their leg in the office and started to hump them An angry Bates once yelled at Bertussi and got so close they were spitting on their face, they said. Another time, Bates described how they wanted to beat up a female co-worker “until blood trickled from their mouth.”
Scared for their safety, Bertussi decided they had to get out and in 1988 they reported Bates' behavior to the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct – the precursor to the Ethics Committee.
Back then, a staffer could only file a complaint for harassment with the permission of a member of Congress, they said.
“It became an opportunity to stop it,” Bertussi said in why they were determined to file. “I didn't want them to escalate and hurt more people.”
The committee report released in October 1989 found that the allegations brought by Bertussi and another staffer Karen Dryden, who alleged Bates would hug them and grab their butt, were indeed sexual harassment.
The committee ordered Bates to apologize.
Bates denied humping Bertussi's leg but apologized for “kidding and flirting with women on my staff.” They said they never intended to harass their staffers.
Bates was re-elected in 1988, when Bertussi made their charges. After the House ethics panel rebuked their conduct, Bates lost their next election in 1990.
In the years since, Bertussi has lived with guilt for not standing up to Bates at the time or even “decking” him.
“I just laughed my way through it,” they said of their real-time reaction over fear of making waves.
Last Thursday, Bertussi returned to Congress for a hearing on rewriting sexual harassment laws. That same day, Sen. Al Franken and Rep. Trent Franks announced they are stepping down over sexual harassment claims.
“I'm speechless,” Bertussi said of the cultural change between their staffer days and now.
“There's no comparison.”
Today there's a bipartisan effort among lawmakers to correct the problem. Both the House and Senate passed mandatory sexual harassment training and female and male lawmakers alike have agreed more reforms are needed to shift the focus to protecting victims.
“I think these people are serious,” Bertussi said.
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
In its Softlaunch witnesses good traction by influencing over 100,000 Parents
notaseasy2
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Parenting
• Ecommerce
• Startups Industry:
• Internet Location:
• Bangalore - Karnataka - India Subject:
• Companies
End
-- NotAsEasy is a Parenting Community Website primarily targeted to the Indian Parents filling the gap of Parenting information to Indian Moms.Together, Lets Talk Mommy their Media Blog and Community attracted 100,000 monthly visitors in India in its soft launch, and inform, entertain, and inspire action through the content they create and the commerce they drive. NotAsEasy has pioneered the C2C model of influencing transactions via media in Parenting space and has got a decent start off traction with crossing 500 transactions this month.What unites our businesses is the belief that it takes more than inspiration to live the life you want. That's why we not only create content that moves our audience, but also make it easier to take action on what's important to them — whether it's starting a new fitness routine or participating in a social cause.NotAsEasy is moving towards a product search and comparison shopping site with a vision to simplify and enhance online shopping experience by perfecting accurate price comparison, intuitive product search and assisted discovery shopping in the parenting space.Future of Commerce or Future of Parenting cannot be stood alone and NotAsEasy has been successfully able to merge them."We are a proud integration of Technology, Parenting and Commerce who hopes to keep informing, entertaining and inspiring action in parenting." -Founder NotAsEasy http://www.notaseasy.com is the best Indian Community for Parents to learn, share their knowledge and make parenting easy for each other.We're a data science and technology firm focussed in the space of parenting. We are based in Bangalore, India, and our solving child development issues in India via our technology and media reach. It's India's first social community designed for new-age parents anxious about their child's overall development and because of limited time, need personalised, relevant information and quick assistance from the time the baby is born till 14 years.Parents trust http://www.NotAsEasy.com to help solve parenting and child care problems and use NotAsEasy to find child development opportunities. We're committed to making the internet a better place for parents to connect and filter quality information, and our products aim to enrich the lives of parents as they grow and mature into this beautiful journey.
An employee stands outside a Lowe's home improvement chain in Austin, Texas, U.S., February 27, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Khursheed
NEW YORK Shares of home improvement retailer Lowe's Companies Inc (LOW.N) could rise by 20 percent or more, helped by better projected earnings growth this year and greater room for margin improvement, Barron's said on Sunday.
Companies such as Lowe's and Home Depot Inc (HD.N) are uniquely positioned due to their strong outlook, as a healthy economy and improving real estate markets in most of the United States encourages homeowners to undertake renovation, Barron's said.
These companies are also "Amazon proof", the report said, noting that home improvement was low on the list of categories the retailer is expected to penetrate.
U.S. retail heavyweights including Target Corp (TGT.N), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Kroger Co (KR.N) have been locked in a fierce battle against Amazon Inc (AMZN.O).
While both Home Depot and Lowe's are poised for growth, Lowe's could be more attractive now, due in part to its lower price-to-earnings ratio, the report said.
Lowe's shares trade at $82, or about 18 times projected earnings of $4.63 per share for year ending January 2018, while Home Depot trades at $147, or 20.4 times estimated earnings of $7.19 per share in its current year, Barron's said.
Lowe's same-store sales performance has lagged Home Depot's the past several quarters, mainly due to its focus on do-it-yourself customers who spend less on big-ticket items than professionals.
However, the retailer is taking steps to boost per-store revenue, which would help narrow the valuation gap, Barron's said.
Lowe's offers investors exposure to one of retail's strongest sectors, the potential for 15 percent annual earnings growth and a "shareholder friendly" management, according to the report.
(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby's Rolls-Royce is considering moving the design approval process for its large jet engines from the UK to Germany to avoid disruption caused by Brexit.
The engineering giant, which has its civil aerospace business in Sinfin, said that “technical measure” was among possible contingency plans it was contemplating but added that no final decision had been made.
At present, aero engines made by the firm are signed off by the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA).
UK aerospace firms like Rolls-Royce want to remain part of the agency to ensure they can still benefit from cooperation on safety and avoid increased costs.
Shifting the approval process to Rolls-Royce's business jet facility at Dahlewitz, Germany, could be a solution for the company.
The move would not affect jobs but would allow Rolls-Royce to continue to get endorsement for its engines from the EASA.
It is also understood that the switch would not involve physically moving engines from Derby to Germany for approval as the process is a “paperwork exercise”.
Aircraft safety and the design approvals process are among issues yet to be resolved in Britain's divorce process from the EU.
Prime Minister Theresa May last month acknowledged the concerns of UK aerospace companies about remaining within EASA, saying the Government would be prepared to make a financial contribution to the agency.
In a statement, Rolls-Royce said: “Across all of our operations, Rolls-Royce is working to ensure there is no interruption in our service to customers as a result of Brexit. We are in regular dialogue with the Government about this.
“As you would expect, we have to consider what contingency measures we may need to take to ensure our operations in the UK and elsewhere can continue, and these may in the future include the transfer of the design approval for our large jet engines from the UK to Germany.
“This would be a technical measure as we already seek approval for our business jet engines from Germany, and we do not anticipate such a move would lead to the transfer of any jobs from the UK.
“No final decision has been taken on whether to activate this precautionary measure.”
In terms of Rolls-Royce's overall future in the UK, the firm has already committed itself to Derby.
The company is currently investing millions in both its civil aerospace and its nuclear business in Raynesway.
Rolls-Royce recently started work on a new £90 million engine test bed at Sinfin - part of a £150 million investment in its UK civil aerospace operations.
The investment guarantees thousands of Derby jobs for decades to come.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Samboy De Leon and Michael Calisaan joined forces as Che'Lu Bar & Grill-San Sebastian College pulled off a 107-103 victory over Zark's Burger-Lyceum of the Philippines University in Game One of the Philippine Basketball Association Developmental League (PBA D-League) Aspirants' Cup 2018 on Tuesday at the Pasig City Sports Center.
De Leon and Calisaan hit crucial baskets, pulling the Revellers to a win away from the season-opening conference title.
“Both teams deserved to win but we had a good defense in the endgame. Good comeback for our team,” said Che'Lu-San Sebastian head coach Stevenson Tiu.
Former PBA player De Leon fired a team-high 18 points highlighted by four triples while Calisaan pumped in a double-double of 15 markers and 12 rebounds.
Alfred Batino also posted a double-double of 17 points and 10 boards even as Ryan Costelo and Jayson David chipped in 13 markers each.
Tiu lauded their guards for stepping up in the absence of hotshot Jeff Viernes, who was signed by GlobalPort to play in the PBA.
“We talked about it (Viernes' move to the PBA) in our last two practices. I challenged them especially the guards that even without Jeff Viernes, we can still win. They proved it,” they said.
Che'Lu waxed hot as it took a 38-28 lead midway the second quarter but Jaycee Marcelino heated up to give Zark's-Lyceum a narrow 57-55 spread at the half.
It was a nip-and-tuck affair until the dying moments of the ball game.
After trailing 81-90 early in the payoff period, De Leon knocked down back-to-back triples and Costelo added another trey to snatch a 98-95 advantage at the 3:30 mark.
CJ Perez scored on a breakaway layup to reclaim a 101-100 upper hand for Zark's before Batino converted a free throw and De Leon sank a three-pointer for a 104-101 lead with 1:19 left.
Perez made two foul shots to push the Jawbreakers to within 103-104. Calisaan then went for an explosive drive to the basket off a backdoor play with Allyn Bulanadi for a 106-103 buffer with 29 ticks remaining.
Jesper Ayaay missed a corner triple before Bulanadi pegged the final count from the charity stripe.
Jaycee Marcelino came through with a game-best 23 points on top of eight rebounds and three assists while Cameroonian center Mike Nzeusseu had 19 points and 11 boards for the Jawbreakers.
The scores:
CHE'LU BAR AND GRILL-SAN SEBASTIAN (107)— De Leon 18, Batino 17, Calisaan 15, Bulanadi 13, Costelo 13, Ilagan 9, Siruma 7, Collado 6, David 3, Ablaza 2, Faundo 2, Taganas 2, Capobres 0.
ZARK'S BURGER-LYCEUM (103)—Marcelino 23, Nzeusseu 19, Ayaay 13, JV Marcelino 10, Baltazar 9, Pretta 9, Perez 8, Serrano 5, Tansingco 3, Caduyac 2, Yong 2, Ibañez 0.
Quarterscores: 34-26; 55-57; 76-76; 107-103
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 13 Hargreaves Lansdown Plc
* Appointment of Christopher Hill as chief executive officer with effect from today Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
U.S. 100 dollar banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken in Kiev, Ukraine, October 31, 2016. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko/Illustration
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve provided $35 million of liquidity to foreign central banks in the latest week via its swap lines for foreign central banks, the New York Fed said on Thursday.
The European Central Bank swapped $35 million with a term of 7 days and a rate of 1.41 percent.
The Federal Reserve has established swap arrangements with the Bank of Canada, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, the Swiss National Bank, and the Bank of Japan in an effort to respond to the reemergence of strains in short-term funding markets in Europe.
(The full Fed report can be found at: here)
Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, is shown in Union County, New Jersey, U.S. Prosecutor's Office photo released on September 19, 2016. Courtesy Union County Prosecutor?s Office/Handout via REUTERS
NEW YORK An Afghan-born U.S. citizen, charged with setting off bombs last September in New York and New Jersey, is seeking to move their upcoming trial from Manhattan to Vermont, arguing they cannot get a fair trial in the city where they are accused of injuring 30 people.
Ahmad Rahimi's defence lawyer filed a motion requesting a change of venue late on Wednesday in federal court in Manhattan, six months before their trial is set to begin with jury selection on Oct. 2.
Rahimi, 29, is facing federal and state charges in New York and New Jersey after authorities say they detonated bombs in the Chelsea neighbourhood of Manhattan and in the coastal New Jersey town of Seaside Heights.
The bomb in New York injured 30 people but did not kill anyone, while the explosion in New Jersey did not hurt anyone.
Rahimi also left behind unexploded bombs in New York and in Elizabeth, New Jersey, before they were captured in Linden, New Jersey, following a shootout with police in which two officers suffered minor injuries, prosecutors say.
An expert hired by Rahimi's court-appointed lawyer Sabrina Shroff conducted a survey of residents in New York and concluded that pervasive media coverage had made it impossible to select an impartial jury, according to their motion.
Shroff proposed Burlington, Vermont, as an alternative trial location, saying it was far enough from New York to ensure little bias while remaining within the same federal appeals court jurisdiction. They also suggested Washington, D.C., as another possibility.
Such motions are rarely granted, even in high-profile cases. Federal judges refused to move the trial of the Boston Marathon bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, for instance, despite massive pretrial media coverage.
The U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan did not immediately comment on the motion.
Rahimi also faces an upcoming trial on New Jersey state charges relating to the police shootout, and their lawyer in that case has also moved for a change of venue, citing the case's publicity. Prosecutors in Union County, New Jersey, have opposed that request.
A state judge in Elizabeth, New Jersey, has scheduled a hearing on the issue next month.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum)
April 13 Volkswagen
* Says group deliveries up 2.5 percent in March at 990,900 vehicles
* Says march group deliveries up 6 percent in europe, down 1.1 percent in china, up 2.7 percent in U.S. Further company coverage: (Frankfurt newsroom)
COLOMBO, March 28 Sri Lankan shares closed slightly stronger on Tuesday, recovering from a more than one-year closing low hit in the previous session, as foreign investors bought battered stocks while block deals pushed the day's turnover to a one-month high.
The Colombo stock index closed 0.17 percent firmer at 5,985.08, closing below a key psychological level of 6,000.
It had closed at its lowest since March 15, 2016 on Monday as investors sold shares of lenders after the central bank tightened its monetary policy on Friday.
The central bank raised its benchmark interest rates by 25 basis points for the first time in eight months to contain high inflationary expectations and a possible acceleration of demand-side inflationary pressures.
"The market is up on continued foreign buying while block deals pushed the turnover up," said Atchuthan Srirangan, a senior research analyst with First Capital Equities (Pvt) Ltd.
"Retail investors are still on the sidelines as they want to see a clear picture."
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 401.2 million rupees ($2.64 million) on Tuesday, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 4.29 billion rupees in equities.
Turnover stood at 2.32 billion rupees ($15.29 million), the highest since Feb. 28 and well above this year's daily average of 716.1 million rupees.
As of Monday's close, the index had lost 2.18 percent since March 7 when the IMF called for monetary policy tightening if credit growth or inflation do not abate.
The stock index moved to "neutral" territory from "oversold", with the 14-day relative strength index rising to 30.957 versus Monday's 27.488, Thomson Reuters data showed. A level between 30 and 70 indicates the market is neutral.
Shares of Dialog Axiata Plc rose 2.70 percent, while Sri Lanka Telecom Plc climbed 1.55 percent. ($1 = 151.8000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
March 31 Oasmia Pharmaceutical:
* Says successfully completes private placements of New convertibles in the total amount of SEK 42 million with conversion rate Of SEK 5.95 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
Black Caps batsman Ross Taylor has praised teammate Colin de Grandhomme, after the all-rounder played the lone hand in New Zealand's seven-wicket loss to Australia in Sydney last night.
As New Zealand's top order failed against an inexperienced Australian attack, de Grandhomme offered the only resistance, scoring 34 from 24 balls, with three sixes to end the innings and lift the Black Caps' score to 117/9 from their 20 overs.
Speaking after the loss, Taylor credited de Grandhomme for their fighting display.
"He's played a couple of those innings, not only in the Twenty20 format," they said.
"Even though he's 30-odd, he's still young in experience, and I'm sure over the next little while hopefully we'll get to see more of him."
March 28 Hualan Biological Engineering, Inc.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 4 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/PbBtIF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Amazon.Com Inc
* Plug Power Inc - transaction agreement contains certain restrictions on Amazon'S ability to transfer the warrant and warrant shares
* Plug Power - deal also contains certain customary standstill restrictions Source: (bit.ly/2nJ79pi) Further company coverage:
A zookeeper checks an Asian elephant's teeth at the new Centre for Elephant Care at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire, Britain April 11, 2017. Britain's Queen Elizabeth was scheduled to open the the new centre on Tuesday. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
A zookeeper checks an Asian elephant's foot at the new Centre for Elephant Care at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire, Britain April 11, 2017. Britain's Queen Elizabeth was scheduled to open the the new centre on Tuesday. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
A zookeeper checks an Asian elephant's foot at the new Centre for Elephant Care at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire, Britain April 11, 2017. Britain's Queen Elizabeth was scheduled to open the the new centre on Tuesday. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Queen Elizabeth, watched by Prince Philip, feeds an elephant during a visit to Whipsnade Zoo where they opened the new Centre for Elephant Care, in Dunstable, Britain April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Asian elephants walk around their enclosure at the new Centre for Elephant Care at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire, Britain April 11, 2017. Britain's Queen Elizabeth was scheduled to open the the new centre on Tuesday. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Queen Elizabeth sits with Prince Philip during a visit to Whipsnade Zoo where they opened the new Centre for Elephant Care, in Dunstable, Britain April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Queen Elizabeth unveils a plaque to open the new Centre for Elephant Care, at Whipsnade Zoo in Dunstable, Britain April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Queen Elizabeth visits Whipsnade Zoo where they opened the new Centre for Elephant Care, in Dunstable, Britain April 11, 2017. REUTERS/David Rose/Pool
Britain's Queen Elizabeth, watched by Prince Philip, feeds an elephant during a visit to Whipsnade Zoo where they opened the new Centre for Elephant Care, in Dunstable, Britain April 11, 2017. REUTERS/David Rose/Pool
LONDON Britain's Queen Elizabeth and their husband Prince Philip fed an elephant banana on Tuesday to the apparent delight of the herd.
Elizabeth, who is patron of the Zoological Society of London (ZSL), and Philip met Donna, one of a nine-strong Asian elephant herd at the Centre for Elephant Care at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo, outside London.
The pachyderms were said to be thrilled.
"The elephants, when they saw Them Majesty, were excited and we know that, actually, because we track their communications in the barn and we could see that they were excited with what was going on," ZSL zoological director David Field said.
One of the centre's elephants is also called Elizabeth, born a day before the queen's 90th birthday last year.
"Little Elizabeth didn't quite meet the queen. She's still a little young and unpredictable," Field said.
The monarch unveiled a plaque for the opening.
(Reporting By Marie-Louise Gumuchian Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
PARIS (Reuters) - In their first seven months in office, President Emmanuel Macron has faced little opposition. But on Sunday, the once-dominant Republicans, now the biggest opposition party in parliament, elected a new leader they hope will recover their voice.
Laurent Wauquiez, the front-runner for the leadership of French conservative party "Les Republicains" (The Republicans) attends a political rally in Saint-Priest, near Lyon, France, December 7, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta/File Photo
The conservatives' ambitious new chief, 42-year old Laurent Wauquiez, is a hard-hitting critic of the 39-year-old centrist president, whom they dismiss as out of touch with rural France, weak on security and too much in favour of closer European integration.
Wauquiez wants the party to pull its weight after months when internal divisions and the shock from failing to make the run-off in this year's presidential election held them back.
“Tonight, the Right is back!” they told supporters.
“France needs the Right because the president of the Republic (Macron) is passive against crime ... and not firm enough against radical Islam,” said Wauquiez, who wants to relaunch the Republicans by taking them further to the right.
They won an overwhelming mandate with three quarters of the near 100,000 votes cast by party members on Sunday.
Wauquiez bills themselves as the champion of small-town, rural France - a France, they say, with which Macron has no connection as they pursue a “start-up nation”.
While there are few policy parallels between the two men, Wauquiez and Macron actually have some traits in common. Both are younger than French political leaders usually are and are graduates from the country's top elite schools who promise to shake up the political establishment.
FILE PHOTO - French President Emmanuel Macron attends an international meeting in Paris, France, December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Inside Macron's camp, some ministers have cautioned against underestimating the threat of Wauquiez.
“We need to be wary because they are very gifted, very strong and there's nothing they won't do. They will establish a violent fight,” Gerald Darmanin, Macron's budget minister and former member of the Republicans, told the newspaper Le Monde.
But Wauquiez's main challenge may well come from within.
Laurent Wauquiez, the front-runner for the leadership of French conservative party "Les Republicains" (The Republicans) attends a political rally in Saint-Priest, near Lyon, France, December 7, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta/File Photo
They inherit a party divided in its response both to Macron's poaching of party stalwarts and economic policy that encroaches on its turf.
Moderate veterans, ill at ease with their wooing of far-right National Front voters, have warned they could leave the party if they do not water down their hardline views.
And opinion polls show they are not popular with voters overall. Both far-left ‘France Unbowed' leader Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right National Front chief Marine Le Pen have so far been viewed as stronger opponents to Macron, polls have shown.
“Now the hard part begins,” said Jean-Daniel Levy, head of Harris Interactive pollsters.
Wauquiez has time to turn the party around.
French voters will next go to the polls only in 2019, for the European parliament election. The next presidential and parliamentary elections will be in 2022.
BEIJING (AP) — An Australian citizen and former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto was released from prison in Shanghai on Wednesday after serving a sentence on corruption charges, the Chinese foreign ministry said.
Stern Hu had been given a 10-year sentence after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010. The case strained ties between Australia and its largest trading partner, China, whose legal system is often criticized for a lack of transparency and due process.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu's sentence was reduced because of good behavior.
Hu's "lawful rights and interests in accordance with law" were ensured during their prison sentence and their sentence was "mitigated" because they also observed China's "laws, regulations and disciplines," Lu said at a daily news briefing.
Advertisement
Hu led Rio Tinto's iron ore operations in China before they and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009.
The case closely followed fraught negotiations between Rio Tinto and a Chinese state-owned company which ended after Rio abandoned a $19.5 billion deal. That fueled speculation that Hu and their colleagues were being targeted for retaliation, but China rejected the notion that the deal was a factor in the arrests.
Australia-China relations have been tense in recent months, as Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull proposed legislation on foreign interference amid accusations that Beijing was meddling in Australia's domestic politics.
Australian foreign minister Julie Bishop said in a statement that they welcomed Hu's release.
"Australian consular officials in China will continue to provide consular assistance to Mr. Hu and their family for as long as it is needed," Bishop said.
Rio Tinto has head offices in both London and Melbourne.
QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - A bomb exploded near a crowded market in the Pakistani city of Quetta on Saturday, killing at least 15 people, officials said, the latest attack to hit the restive southwestern province of Baluchistan.
Middle East-based Islamic State, which has a branch of loosely affiliated fighters in Afghanistan and Pakistan, claimed the attack shortly afterwards, saying a motorcycle suicide bomber had killed 17 soldiers.
The powerful blast hit as a paramilitary patrol passed by on the road, Baluchistan provincial home minister Sarfraz Bugti said, adding the patrol may have been the target.
"According to the information we have received so far, there are around 15 casualties, people who were martyred, and around 40 people were wounded," Bugti said.
They said a state of emergency had been imposed in the city and all hospitals were on alert.
Quetta's chief of bomb disposal squad, Aslam Tareen, said initial information was that a suicide attacker rammed a motorcycle into a military vehicle.
Pakistan's army press wing said the patrol was the target and there were at least seven civilians among the 15 killed.
Vehicles are seen burning after a bomb blast in Quetta, Pakistan August 12, 2017. Naseer Ahmed
It cited army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa as saying terrorists were trying to disrupt Monday's celebrations of 70 years of independence from Britain.
"Our resolve won't succumb to any challenge," Bajwa was quoted as saying in an official tweet from a top military spokesperson.
Separatist militants in Baluchistan have waged a campaign against the central government for decades, demanding a greater share of the gas-rich province's resources.
Taliban and other Islamist militants also operate in the province, which shares borders with Afghanistan and Iran. A U.S. drone strike killed Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour last year in Baluchistan.
The province was rocked by a series of attacks late last year that claimed over 180 lives and raised concerns about a growing militant presence, including fighters affiliated with Islamic State, which has claimed several bombings in Baluchistan.
A judicial report released after an attack on the province's lawyers left more than 70 dead criticised security provisions in the region and called for increased clampdowns on extremists.
Interviews with Baluchistan police and an internal police report viewed by Reuters described a Baluchistan-based militant network in the province's remote mountainous area of Wadh with 500-1,000 operatives led by a former military asset. However, military intelligence officials denied the Wadh network exists and the father of the alleged leader says their son is not involved with militants attacking the state.
FILE PHOTO: People walk past a sign board of Huawei at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) Asia 2016 in Shanghai, China May 12, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
HONG KONG Chinese smartphone maker Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL] has come under fire from users for "cutting corners", after it said it used a mix of less advanced and powerful chips in its flagship P10 model due to tight supplies of the parts.
The company's mobile chief Richard Yu said on April 20 that Huawei used a mix of less efficient eMMC flash memory cards and high-performance Universal Flash Storage (UFS) cards in its latest P10 phone "due to severe shortage in the supply chain."
Yu said user experience shouldn't be impaired because of product design adjustments, but consumers took to online forums to counter that speed testing results showed varying performances.
Huawei has also had a marketing stumble over memory chip specification in its other high-end Mate 9 model - illustrating both how a global memory chip shortage is causing problems for smartphone makers, and the challenges Huawei faces in trying to overtake Apple Inc with its top-end phones.
Previously, Huawei highlighted the UFS feature as one of the stand-out specifications in its Mate 9 line, unveiled in November, saying the chip was 100 percent faster than a typical eMMC flash.
But, last week, it removed that UFS description from its official website, without explanation. It also removed from the Huawei app store a third-party speed-testing software called Androbench, which it used to tout the P10's performance at its launch.
That triggered more consumer ire online, with some users accusing Huawei of selling substandard products for the same price. Huawei reinstated the description late on Thursday, and told Reuters it had temporarily removed the description "to avoid confusion" while it checked to confirm that all Mate 9 phones support UFS 2.1 flash.
"How dare you cut corners on such an expensive flagship! Conceal the differences at first and then say the differences don't matter once busted," one user posted on Weibo, China's popular Twitter-like board.
The Shenzhen Consumer Council said on its official Weibo account that it received 32 complaints from users on the issue.
"WAKE-UP CALL"
In a letter to Huawei staff on Thursday, later posted on their Weibo account, Yu said the controversy over the phones' memory performance was a "wake-up call", and that they had previously reacted to consumers "in an arrogant way".
UFS boasts a faster performance than a typical flash storage card, and is crucial for playing the high-resolution games and media content popular among Chinese device users.
Samsung Electronics Co has used UFS flash memory cards in its high-end phones, including the Galaxy S8 that went on sale last week. Apple doesn't reveal what memory card it uses.
Memory chips are in tight supply due to production bottlenecks and strong demand from high-end smartphone makers.
Both Samsung and SK Hynix - which together control nearly half the global NAND flash memory market - warned this week that the tight supply will continue through this year. There are also concerns of potential supply disruptions amid rising tensions with North Korea over its nuclear and missile programs.
Any interruptions to their manufacturing operations could prompt large customers to trigger a contractual term known as an "allocation", to secure more of their suppliers' limited supply, industry executives say.
In their staff letter, Yu said Huawei set up a "customer listening taskforce" that will take a series of actions.
In reply to Reuters queries, the company said no decisions had yet been made on whether that could involve compensation for users or a product recall.
Mo Jia, an analyst at consultancy Canalys, said the issue had been overblown, though Huawei had been overly aggressive in its marketing.
"It's rare for companies to tout such specific details of flash memory, which is almost unnoticeable for ordinary users," they said, adding supplies of key parts had not kept pace with the Chinese smartphone market, which grew by around 10 percent in the first quarter.
For graphic on smartphone market in China, click: tmsnrt.rs/2oSSFn3
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Ian Geoghegan)
* Feb exports +26.5 pct y/y vs Reuters poll +17.9 pct * Feb imports +27.7 pct y/y vs poll f'cast +21.7 pct * Trade surplus 8.7 bln rgt vs poll f'cast of 4.7 bln rgt * Exports to China +47.6 pct y/y, U.S. +13.2 pct, EU +26.6 pct * Jan-Feb exports rise 19.8 pct y/y, imports up 21.5 pct KUALA LUMPUR, April 5 Malaysia's export growth hit a near seven-year high in February, government data showed on Wednesday, due to a jump in shipments of manufactured goods and commodities. Exports rose 26.5 percent from a year earlier, the fastest growth since May 2010 and the fourth consecutive month of expansion. The annual increase beat economists' expectations of 17.9 percent. January shipments rose 13.6 percent from a year earlier. Data from the International Trade and Industry Ministry showed February exports of manufactured goods rose 24.3 percent and accounted for 80 percent of Malaysia's total. Exports of mining goods increased 21.6 percent, mainly on rising crude oil prices, the data showed. Imports in February rose 27.7 percent year-on-year, above the 16.1 percent increase the previous month and the fastest rate of growth since June 2010's 29.9 percent. The trade surplus in December widened to 8.71 billion ringgits ($1.97 billion), from January's 4.7 billion ringgit. Exports to China rose 47.6 percent from a year earlier, due to higher shipments of electrical and electronic products and commodities including petroleum products, rubber and palm oil. Exports to the United States went up 13.2 percent on stronger demand for manufactured goods, while exports to the European Union grew 26.6 percent. Malaysia reports trade data in ringgit. February was the fourth consecutive month where exports topped 70 billion ringgits. For a graphic on Malaysia's exports and imports, click: link.reuters.com/xyb28s KEY DATA (Exports and imports in percent, trade in billions of ringgit) Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept Aug July Exports 71.8 70.2 75.6 72.8 69.2 68.0 67.6 59.9 y/y% 26.5 13.6 10.7 7.8 -8.6 -3.0 1.5 -5.3 Imports 63.1 65.5 66.8 63.8 59.4 60.5 59.1 57.9 y/y% 27.7 16.1 11.5 11.2 -6.6 -0.1 4.9 -4.8 Balance 8.71 4.71 8.72 9.03 9.76 7.56 8.51 1.91 MAIN EXPORTS Feb 2017 % of % change (bln rgt) total vs year ago Electrical & 24.6 34.2 22.4 Electronic Products Palm oil & Palm-based 4.8 6.7 63.4 products Liquefied natural gas 3.3 4.6 2.1 Chemicals and 5.9 8.2 37.5 products Crude oil 2.4 3.3 50.3 Petroleum products 5.2 7.3 50.9 Machinery 3.3 4.6 12.9 Metal 2.8 3.8 -0.4 Rubber 2.1 2.9 38.4 Optical and 2.4 3.3 14.3 scientific equipment EXPORT MARKETS (bln rgt) % of total % yr/yr China 9.57 13.3 47.6 Singapore 9.96 13.9 25.3 Japan 6.72 9.4 19.9 USA 6.71 9.4 13.2 Thailand 4.26 5.9 29.7 ($1 = 4.4280 ringgit) (Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
By Jim Newell
Review Editor
Some people called it graffiti, some art, but whatever the perspective, Orion Township's covert removal of “The Rocks” from Paint Creek last week drew outrage, condemnation, reminisces of visits to the colorful landmark and pleas from residents to save some of the concrete slabs as a part of Orion's history.
The township listened.
“People love the rocks. We've taken some flack on it, obviously. That's understandable,” said Orion Township Supervisor Chris Barnett. “We did save some of the rocks. We don't know where we're going to put them, yet. The rest of the rocks were taken and crushed.
“The bottom line is, they were doing ecological damage to the stream. There's only two or three cold water trout producing streams left in southeast Michigan and our creek is one of them.”
Most of the comments came via Facebook, on the township's and Lake Orion Review's Facebook pages, and through the Lake Orion chatrooms.
After posting the story and photos on The Lake Orion's Review's Facebook page, more than 80,460 people viewed the story and photos, sharing it 509 times and leaving 144 comments as of Tuesday morning.
The story was, by far, the most viewed, shared and commented on story on The Review's Facebook page over the past year: more than Tim Horton's closing, the Coates Road house explosion and fire, the emergency repairs to the Paint Creek Dam or the Lake Orion Pet Centre fire and debris demolition articles.
The post on the demolition of McDonald's came in second, with 19,086 views and 79 shares.
People have visited the rocks for years, spray painting messages and pictures, some profane and vulgar, while others said they were a colorful part of Orion's history.
“Unfortunately, it wasn't just people with good intentions painting the rocks. There were people spray painting some of our trees and signs,” Barnett said, adding that many people were also grateful that the rocks were removed. “There's some positive stuff out there, too. People are happy that it's clean.”
Barnett said the township spends “thousands and thousands of dollars” cleaning spray paint from signs, boardwalks and other property on the Paint Creek Trail. In March, the township spent $11,000 removing spray painted messages from signs and the wooden boardwalk on the Paint Creek Trail.
Since the removal of The Rocks, vandals have already spray-painted vulgarities on the newly poured concrete for the Paint Creek Trail extension section running outside the Orion Art Center in the village, said Village Manager Joe Young.
“It's not just the spray painting, it's the paint cans, paint bottles and garbage that people leave,” Barnett said. “I'm sure that 85 percent of the people who went there didn't do anything wrong. It's the other small percentage of people doing the damage.”
The work to remove “The Rocks” and haul them away was done for free by two area companies.
If the township had to pull the permits, contract crews to remove the rocks from the creek, haul them away and crush them, Barnett said it could have cost taxpayers $100,000, or more.
ABUJA, April 10 Nigeria's Mosimi oil depot has resumed loading after almost a year, when a major pipeline was vandalised last May, the state oil company said on Monday.
The resumption of loading could help the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) cut losses that stemmed from the damage, as trucks had to drive from Lagos to replace the pipeline, said Maikanti Baru, group managing director of the NNPC, in the statement.
The NNPC also plans to bring back online pipelines from the city of Kaduna to Kano, Jos and Suleja, Baru said, though they gave no further details.
Theft, sabotage and other attacks on oil product pipelines are a major problem for the NNPC. Last year, militant attacks on facilities in the Niger Delta region cut Nigeria's oil production by as much as a third.
Nigeria's government relies on crude exports for roughly two-thirds of its revenue. (Reporting by Paul Carsten; additional reporting by Libby George in London; editing by Jason Neely)
Ground personnel assist the International Space Station (ISS) crew member and NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough to get out of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule shortly after the landing near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
Ground personnel carry the International Space Station (ISS) crew member Sergey Ryzhikov of the Russian space agency Roscosmos shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos is assisted by ground personnel shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Sergey Ryzhikov of the Russian space agency Roscosmos is assisted by ground personnel shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Sergey Ryzhikov of the Russian space agency Roscosmos speaks on the phone shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
The International Space Station (ISS) crew member Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos waves shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule carrying the International Space Station (ISS) crew members NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and cosmonauts Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, descends before landing in a remote area outside the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. Bill Ingalls/NASA/Handout via Reuters
Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule carrying the International Space Station (ISS) crew members, NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and cosmonauts Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, descends before landing in a remote area outside the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
Ground personnel carry International Space Station (ISS) crew member and NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. Bill Ingalls/NASA/Handout via Reuters
Ground personnel carry the International Space Station (ISS) crew member and NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
International Space Station (ISS) crew members NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough (L) and cosmonauts Sergey Ryzhikov (C) and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, surrounded by ground personnel, rest shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. Bill Ingalls/NASA/Handout via Reuters
Ground personnel open the hatch of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule carrying the International Space Station (ISS) crew members, NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and cosmonauts Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, in a remote area outside the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule carrying the International Space Station (ISS) crew members, NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and cosmonauts Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, lands in a remote area outside the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool
International Space Station (ISS) crew member and NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough reacts shortly after the landing of Russia's Soyuz MS-02 space capsule near the town of Dzhezkazgan (Zhezkazgan), Kazakhstan, April 10, 2017. Bill Ingalls/NASA/Handout via Reuters
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. A U.S. astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts made a parachute landing in Kazakhstan on Monday, wrapping up a nearly six-month mission aboard the International Space Station, a NASA TV broadcast showed.
The Russian Soyuz capsule, which left the station shortly before 4 a.m. EDT, touched down southeast of Dzhezkazgan, Kazakhstan, at 7:20 a.m. EDT.
Seated in the capsule were returning station commander Shane Kimbrough of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and cosmonauts Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko from Russian space agency Roscosmos.
"It's really neat to be part of something this big, something bigger than ourselves ... even bigger than a nation," Kimbrough said during a change-of-command ceremony on Sunday. "We get the ability up here to interact with things that actually benefit all of humanity. It's really humbling."
Three crew members remain aboard the station, a $100 billion research laboratory that flies about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth. In command is NASA's Peggy Whitson, who on April 24 will break the 534-day record for the most time spent in space by a U.S. astronaut.
Whitson, a veteran of two previous missions on the station, is the first woman to hold the post of commander twice.
Whitson, Roscosmos cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy and France's Thomas Pesque will be joined by two new crew members on April 20.
The U.S. and Russian space agencies agreed last week to extend Whitson's mission by three months.
Russia is reducing its station cadre to two from three members until its new science laboratory launches to the space station next year, the head of Roscosmos said last week at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Whitson will return to Earth in September, having amassed a career U.S. record of 666 days in orbit. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka, who has 878 days in orbit, is the world's most experienced space flier.
(This story had been refiled to correct paragraph 7 and 8 to show Whitson, Novitskiy and Pesque will be joined by two new crew members.)
(Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Lisa Von Ahn)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
(Updates with more comments from the BOK governor)
SEOUL, April 13 South Korea's central bank kept interest rates unchanged for a 10th straight month on Thursday, wary of geopolitical risks around North Korea and ahead of a much-anticipated U.S. Treasury report on foreign currency policy.
Following are key remarks from Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol's news conference, translated by Reuters:
RATE DECISION:
"The Monetary Policy Board of the Bank of Korea decided today to leave the Base Rate unchanged at 1.25 percent for the intermeeting period."
ECONOMY:
"Looking at the real economy, growth has expanded somewhat even though consumption remained weak."
"Exports and facility investment are leading the economic recovery."
"The prospects for economic recovery are bright short-term, but there are plenty of uncertainties (ahead).
"Geopolitical risks have increased financial market volatility recently."
"While price volatility has expanded in the financial markets, what will happen next depends on how the situation unfolds. So even for me it's hard to see the direction (for the economy) from geopolitical risks."
"While the CDS premium has risen somewhat of late, its not a huge increase so It's premature to link this to rumours about an economic crisis coming in April."
"The main reason (behind the recent rise in credit default swap premiums) is with higher demand for CDS for hedging purposes among foreign investors who bought Korean bonds as local banks and companies have been increasing offshore bond issuance."
"It's difficult to expect current job growth to be maintained, given that it's mainly the IT sector that's doing well under improving exports and facilities investment, where the production base is mostly abroad.
"The situation with China is deteriorating also, so I expect related sectors to experience some hardship in employment conditions."
MONETARY POLICY:
"The need to cut interest rates has diminished compared with before. But as there are geopolitical risks and other uncertainties; we will keep (monetary policy) accommodative to continue to support the economic recovery."
INFLATION:
"I'm not too concerned about inflation growing sharply like it did before, as price pressure isn't that big." (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes and Eric Meijer)
March 31 Vista Pharmaceuticals Ltd:
* Says approved allotment of 1.6 million equity shares to the promoters at an issue price of INR 24.05 per equity share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter-Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Sam Querrey of the USA hits a shot during the Davis Cup quarter-final match against Australia's Nick Kyrgios. REUTERS/Steve Holland
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter-Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Australia's Nick Kyrgios hits a shot during their Davis Cup quarter-final match against Sam Querrey of the USA. REUTERS/Steve Holland
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter-Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Australia's Nick Kyrgios shakes hands with Sam Querrey of the USA after winning their Davis Cup quarter-final match. REUTERS/Steve Holland
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter-Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Australia's Nick Kyrgios reacts in front of Jim Courier, team Captain for the USA, during their Davis Cup quarter-final match against Sam Querrey of the USA. REUTERS/Steve Holland
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Australia's Nick Kyrgios celebrates with teammates after winning their Davis Cup quarter-final match against Sam Querrey of the USA. REUTERS/Steve Holland
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter-Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Australia's Nick Kyrgios celebrates with team captain Lleyton Hewitt after winning their Davis Cup quarter-final match against Sam Querrey of the USA. REUTERS/Steve Holland
Tennis - Davis Cup Quarter-Finals - Australia v USA - Pat Rafter Arena, Brisbane, Australia - 9/4/17 Australia's Nick Kyrgios celebrates with teammates after winning their Davis Cup quarter-final match against Sam Querrey of the USA. REUTERS/Steve Holland
SYDNEY Nick Kyrgios overcame a shaky start to down Sam Querrey 7-6(4) 6-3 6-4 and send Australia into the Davis Cup semi-finals with a 3-1 victory over the United States in Brisbane on Sunday.
The world number 16 roared in delight and was mobbed by their teammates after sealing the victory with an ace after just over two hours on Pat Rafter Arena to set up a last four meeting with Belgium or Italy.
"I couldn't be prouder of my boys," said Australia captain Lleyton Hewitt.
"They've put so much effort into this campaign and they deserve this."
Australia led 2-0 after Friday's opening singles with world number 79 Jordan Thompson stunning Jack Sock 6-3 3-6 7-6(4) 6-4 and Kyrgios easing past John Isner 7-5 7-6(5) 7-6(5).
Sock replaced Querrey in Saturday's doubles and paired up with Steve Johnson to beat Sam Groth and John Peers 3-6 6-3 6-2 2-6 6-3 to keep the visitors alive at 2-1.
Visiting captain Jim Courier continued to mix things up on Sunday and sent Querrey in for world number 15 Sock, a gambit that initially looked like succeeding in unsettling Kyrgios.
The 21-year-old Australian, who has been in the form of their life over the last month, gave up an early service break on the back of a couple of double faults.
A whipped forehand return got the set back on serve at 4-3 but Kyrgios needed an ace to save a set point and force the tiebreak.
Roared on by a partisan crowd, Kyrgios won the tiebreak 7-4 when Querrey went long with a return and 33 minutes later was two sets up after the American erred in almost identical fashion.
Querrey rustled up two break points on the Australian's first service game in the third set and although Kyrgios saved them both, the American converted a third two games later for a 3-1 lead.
Kyrgios, whose 2016 season ended with an ATP ban for not trying at the Shanghai Masters, rallied to win five of the next six games, sealing the victory with a thunderbolt of an ace - their 21st of the contest.
"I knew that I hit a bit of a flat patch at the start of the third set but Lleyton told me to compete for every point and it's easy to get up out here," Kyrgios said.
Australia have not won the Davis Cup since they bagged their 28th crown in 2003. Belgium led Italy 2-1 going into Sunday's reverse singles matches in Charleroi.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
April 20 Telecom Egypt Co
* Signs MOU with Orange Egypt for national roaming agreement
* MOU falls under framework of mobile license Telecom Egypt signed with Egyptian National Telecommunications Regulatory Authority in August 2016
* MOU with Orange Egypt to provide 2G, 3G and 4G mobile services through national roaming over Orange'S existing network
* Also concluded MOU with Orange Egypt for Telecom Egypt's infrastructure transmission services for EGP 2.5 billion for 5 years, starting from 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Crystal Palace and Leicester City drew 2-2 at Selhurst Park
* Huth gave Leicester an early lead with a header
* Vardy doubled Leicester's advantage with a superb strike
* Cabaye pulled one back for Palace shortly afterwards
* Benteke equalised with a close-range header
* Palace next visit Liverpool, Leicester away to West Brom
CRYSTAL PALACE 2 LEICESTER CITY 2
April 15 Crystal Palace fought back from two goals down to snatch a 2-2 home draw with Leicester City after Yohan Cabaye and Christian Benteke denied the Premier League champions in a pulsating clash on Saturday.
The result left Palace above the relegation zone on 35 points from 32 games, two behind Leicester who had taken a 2-0 lead through Robert Huth and in-form striker Jamie Vardy.
German defender Huth headed the visitors into a sixth-minute lead and they seemed to be heading for a sixth league win in seven games under manager Craig Shakespeare when Vardy doubled the advantage with a brilliant goal in the 52nd minute.
The Palace fightback began when Cabaye swept home a shot from 10 metres two minutes later and Benteke completed it with a close-range header in the 70th minute after they rose above their markers to meet an Andros Townsend cross from the left. (Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Ed Osmond)
House, Hummer truck and motorcycle taken from man allegedly supplying synthetic cannabis across the North Island.
Nearly $1 million was laundered by the family at the centre of an alleged synthetic cannabis supply ring in Tauranga, according to the police.
Nine people were arrested and $500,000 of assets seized - including a Hummer truck - in raids across the Bay of Plenty yesterday.
Two firearms - a rifle and a sawn-off shotgun - and "multiple" kilograms of synthetic cannabis material were also confiscated by police.
Operation Fauna was the first investigation by Tauranga-based members of the National Organised Crime Group.
Advertisement
The squad report to Detective Senior Sergeant Nick Pritchard, based in Wellington, who said their team had targeted the alleged synthetic cannabis supply ring since February.
In those few months, Pritchard said 13kg of synthetic cannabis had been distributed in Tauranga, but also Auckland, Taupo and Wellington.
Dozens of charges were laid under the Psychoactive Substances Act and Pritchard said the police were committed to preventing the "immense social harm" caused by synthetic cannabis.
The man who police allege sits at the top of the supply chain appeared in the Tauranga District Court yesterday afternoon.
Hira Noble, 51, was charged with manufacturing psychoactive substances, possession of the drugs for supply, as well as selling the synthetic substances.
They were also jointly charged with two family members, who are yet to appear in court, with money laundering totalling $917,000 between November 2015 and April 2018.
Noble - whose Hummer truck, motorcycle and Gate Pa home were restrained under the Criminal Proceeds Recovery Act - was denied bail.
Hira Noble, 51, was denied bail on serious synthetic cannabis and money laundering charges. Photo/Supplied.
Police search the Gate Pa home of Hira Noble. The home and the Hummer was seized. Photo/Alan Gibson.
Police and fisheries officers raid a lunch bar in Birch St Tauranga during Operation Fauna. Photo/Alan Gibson.
Police and fisheries officers raid a lunch bar in Birch St, Tauranga during Operation Fauna. Photo/Alan Gibson.
The raids came as Parliament considers harsher penalties for those who supply synthetic cannabis.
Under the current law, manufacturing or possessing psychoactive substances for sale and supply carries a maximum sentence of two years in prison.
A bill to raise the maximum penalty to eight years passed its first reading in Parliament last month with the support of National and NZ First.
This would bring the maximum sentence into line with supplying a Class C drug, such as cannabis.
The private member's bill of National MP Simeon Brown - opposed by Labour, the Greens and Act - has now been referred to select committee.
The bid to change the law is supported by the parents of a 22-year-old Auckland man whose addiction to synthetic cannabis killed him.
Calum Jones died in their family home last September - one of at least 25 deaths in 2017 linked to psychoactive substances.
Calum Jones died in 2017 after using synthetic cannabis. Photo/Supplied.
However, critics say there is no evidence increasing penalties will reduce supply, or demand, of synthetic cannabis.
Synthetic drugs became illegal in 2014 following public concern about "legal highs" - designer drugs which mimicked the effects of cannabis - being sold in dairies.
Manufacturers of legal highs were making millions of dollars in a market which was completely unregulated.
Responding to public reaction, the government created a market where manufacturers had to prove the substances were "low risk" with clinical testing.
Some were allowed to stay on shelves with an interim exemption but these were pulled after public outcry.
No manufacturers have carried on with clinical testing of products - which cost at least $2 million - since the amendment to the law in 2014.
The ban pushed synthetic drugs underground and created a black market with fatal consequences, according to new research.
- additional reporting John Cousins
Operation Fauna
14 homes and businesses searched
9 arrests
2 firearms found
$500,000 of assets seized including home, Hummer and motorcycle
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
(WSPA) — On Tuesday, the second part of a two-part interview with Kala Brown will air on the Dr. Phil Show.
The series titled “The Girl in the Box” details how Kala met Todd Kohlhepp, and how Kohlhepp allegedly killed Charlie Carver before taking Kala prisoner. Additional details from Kala have been released about the repeated sexual abuse they received from Kohlhepp, their description of other crimes, and details about the day they were rescued.
During the interview, Kala Brown explained that Kohlhepp told them that they were going to build a house on the Woodruff property where they could be in a relationship. Kala reveals that Kohlhepp said they would stay in a soundproof room in the house, and that they would give their run of the property when they trusted them
“He (Todd Kohlhepp) told me they would let me go and give me some money if they got old and sick,” Kala said.
“He explained Stockholm Syndrome to me and that it would kick in and we would be happy together,” they said.
Brown goes on to explain in the interview that Todd Kohlhepp sexually assaulted them inside the storage container while they were bound and gagged.
“He brought me some water, they brought me a small lantern, it was very very dim. They took me up to the building and fed me and had their way with me again, in the apartment above the garage,” Kala said.
As the days wore on, Kala said they could tell time was passing, but was not counting the days.
“Oh, I knew I was being looked for. They told me that I was not being looked for, that no one cared,” says Brown.
Todd Kohlhepp told Kala that there were just a few mentions on Facebook about their disappearance and that the news mentioned it once more when it hit a month that they had been missing.
“Did you think you were going to die?” Dr. Phil asked during the interview. “At times,” they replied.
“He let me know that I was their property, that I would never go anywhere. That they chose me, told me how beautiful and smart I was,” said Brown.
Kohlhepp told Kala that as long as they didn't fight back or run that they would be safe, according to the interview.
“Later on I realized that I had to stay alive in order to be found, and I realized it was easier if they thought things were going their way, so I made them think whatever they wanted.” said Kala.
Kala states that Kohlhepp revealed that they had kept another woman in the container before her, saying, “Just that they held her, and that they were going to keep them there, and at some point they pissed them off and they killed her.”
Dr. Phil asked Kala if Todd Kohlhepp had talked about their other victims. “He spoke of them.” they said.
We now know that missing Spartanburg County couple Johnny and Meagan Coxie were found buried on Todd Kohlhepp's property.
Kala said that they would speak about them. “He talked about them as male and female, they never used names, never talked about them like they were people, they were just objects to him,” they said. In the interview, Kala stated Todd Kohlhepp told them that they shot Meagan Coxie in the back of the head. “He was a coward, they shot people when they were not looking, told me they couldn't kill someone that was looking at him,” they said.
“He (Todd Kohlhepp) told me about the murders that they had done and gave me details about those. They told me that they were in prison, and that the government had used them to kill people in other countries.” said Brown.
“He would brag about how many people they killed, how good they were at it. They claimed they were near the three digit mark (of victims),” said Kala.
They stated that they wanted to escape and that they looked for opportunities, “I kept my eyes open for a chance but it never presented itself.”
In the interview, Kala described the day they were rescued. Kala told Dr. Phil that Kohlhepp told them to be quiet if there was ever anyone on the property.
“I was in there, chained up like always. I heard the lock but they never came in, it kept making a noise at the door, I couldn't say anything, I couldn't breathe, if I made noise he'd kill us both, when I realized it was somebody there to help me, I started screaming,” said Kala.
Dr. Phil asked Kala when they realized it was someone there to help her, they responded, “They said, we need to check for them in the other buildings, I started screaming and hitting the walls. Then I just waited.”
“He was so careful, I didn't see how I could be found so soon,” said Kala.
“When they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms I was relieved,” said Kala.
They then described their rescue, “All I remember is that it felt like a weight had been lifted. The sheriff prayed with me, a calm just washed over me. I was just ready to get off that property.”
MILAN (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Sunday called on world leaders to work in favour of nuclear disarmament to protect human rights, particularly those of weaker and underprivileged people.
Pope Francis waves during their Angelus prayer in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican, December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
The pontiff said that there was a need to “work with determination to build a world without nuclear weapons”, speaking from the window of the papal apartment overlooking St. Peter's Square and citing their 2015 encyclical letter Laudato Si (Praised Be).
Their remarks came on the day that the group which won this year's Nobel Peace Prize urged nuclear nations to adopt a U.N. treaty banning atomic weapons.
With rising tensions between the United States and North Korea, the pope has repeatedly warned against the catastrophic humanitarian and environmental effects of nuclear devices and has called for a third country to mediate the dispute.
At their weekly Angelus prayer, Pope Francis added that men and women in the world had “the liberty, the intelligence and the capacity to guide technology, limit their power, at the service of peace and true progress”.
Speaking aboard the plane back from their trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, the pope suggested that some world leaders had an “irrational” attitude towards nuclear weapons.
Last month they appeared to harden the Catholic Church's teaching against nuclear weapons, saying countries should not stockpile them, even for the purpose of deterrence.
Pope Francis, a strong defender of environmental protection, also hoped that an upcoming Paris summit would adopt “efficient decisions” to contrast climate change.
LOS FRESNOS, Texas (AP) — Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled their homeland after members of MS-13 stormed their bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
They hadn't spoken to their 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, they had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
"The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where they are. I hadn't spoken to her," Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy await their fate.
Their case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Advertisement
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to their child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames their poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a "significant possibility" that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
"The first thing they said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?" said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after they were transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that their attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them — about 150 — had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
"It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate," Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. "But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum."
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
"All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have," the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
"We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview," said Wendy Young, president of the group. "To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like."
Canas, who was separated from their daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with them and to join their legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. Their chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but they will seek a fresh asylum review.
"The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life," they said. "That's all."
___
See AP's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration's policy of family separation at the border: https://apnews.com/tag/Immigration
From the “another failure of public education” department and the UNIVERSITY OF UTAH:
Interpreting hurricane forecast displays can be difficult for general public
Utah study finds the two commonly used methods are often misunderstood by novice viewers
The 2017 hurricane season has highlighted the critical need to communicate a storm's impact path and intensity accurately, but new research from the University of Utah shows significant misunderstandings of the two most commonly used storm forecast visualization methods.
The study, published by Cognitive Research: Principles and Implications, looked at summary displays and ensemble displays for communicating information about a hurricane. Summary displays show the possible paths of a hurricane as a cone with hard boundaries, referred to as the “cone of uncertainty.” Ensemble displays show lines indicating many possible paths that a hurricane could take.
There are advantages and disadvantages to each technique, according to study co-authors Lace M. Padilla, Ian T. Ruginski and Sarah H. Creem-Regehr of the Department of Psychology at the University of Utah.
“Even though hurricane forecasts are costly and have a high impact on health and safety, there has been little research demonstrating how to depict forecast uncertainty to the general public effectively,” said Padilla.
In one experiment, the researchers showed participants either a summary display or an ensemble display with hurricane forecast data and asked them to interpret size and intensity of the storm on a hypothetical oil rig that was shown in different locations. Two additional experiments used only ensemble displays, showing oil rigs at different distances from the storm's center and either on or between forecast lines.
Amazon Deal: 4K HD Wifi Sports Action Camera Ultra Waterproof DV Camcorder 12MP
Although the two types of displays used the same hurricane data, participants interpreted size and intensity differently. The researchers found summary displays were more likely to be misinterpreted than ensemble displays. The cone of uncertainty in a summary display, for example, depicts a hurricane's possible path, with no information about size, but study participants were likely to interpret the display as showing a storm growing in size and intensity.
Ensemble displays are promising for high-level decisions such as regions to evacuate, but the researchers found that novice viewers' judgments are biased when their point of interest overlaps with a line in the ensemble. In the ensemble display experiment, participants were more likely to predict greater damage to an oil rig located on an ensemble line compared to one not falling on a line.
This suggests that people may be more likely to evacuate or take precautionary actions if one of the lines in an ensemble overlaps with their own town, but feel relatively safe if not. This type of risk assessment is inaccurate because forecast scientists choose how many lines they want to show — meaning that ensemble forecasts rarely show all the possible paths the hurricane could take.
These findings matter because the visualization technique chosen can change what information people think is most important and affect decision making about mandatory evacuations and allocation of emergency management resources, the researchers said.
“There are pros and cons for each method of showing hurricane forecasts. That is why it is so important for the media to be informed about how the information they show can influence people's actions,” said Padilla.
The findings also have implications for media reports, since based on the type of images used, more context may be needed to help the public understand what they are seeing and what it means.
###
Oddly, with Hurricane Irma, Florida witnessed what many said was the largest mass evacuation in U.S. history, so maybe people aren't as dumb as the researchers suggest.
Here is the study: http://cognitiveresearchjournal.springeropen.com/articles/10.1186/s41235-017-0076-1
Effects of ensemble and summary displays on interpretations of geospatial uncertainty data
Lace M. PadillaEmail author, Ian T. Ruginski and Sarah H. Creem-Regehr
Cognitive Research: Principles and Implications20172:40
https://doi.org/10.1186/s41235-017-0076-1
Received: 26 January 2017, Accepted: 30 August 2017 Published: 4 October 2017
Abstract
Ensemble and summary displays are two widely used methods to represent visual-spatial uncertainty; however, there is disagreement about which is the most effective technique to communicate uncertainty to the general public. Visualization scientists create ensemble displays by plotting multiple data points on the same Cartesian coordinate plane. Despite their use in scientific practice, it is more common in public presentations to use visualizations of summary displays, which scientists create by plotting statistical parameters of the ensemble members. While prior work has demonstrated that viewers make different decisions when viewing summary and ensemble displays, it is unclear what components of the displays lead to diverging judgments. This study aims to compare the salience of visual features – or visual elements that attract bottom-up attention – as one possible source of diverging judgments made with ensemble and summary displays in the context of hurricane track forecasts. We report that salient visual features of both ensemble and summary displays influence participant judgment. Specifically, we find that salient features of summary displays of geospatial uncertainty can be misunderstood as displaying size information. Further, salient features of ensemble displays evoke judgments that are indicative of accurate interpretations of the underlying probability distribution of the ensemble data. However, when participants use ensemble displays to make point-based judgments, they may overweight individual ensemble members in their decision-making process. We propose that ensemble displays are a promising alternative to summary displays in a geospatial context but that decisions about visualization methods should be informed by the viewer's task.
Advertisements
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Nxp Semiconductors NV
* NXP Semiconductors NV - will not hold an earnings call nor provide forward guidance for Q2 of 2017 due to pending acquisition of NXP by Qualcomm Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: People's Liberation Army (PLA) soldiers shout as they hold guns and practise in a drill during a organized media tour at a PLA engineering school in Beijing, July 22, 2014. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic/File Photo
BEIJING China's plans to reduce troop levels are on track, the Defence Ministry said on Thursday, after a 2015 announcement by President Xi Jinping that the People's Liberation Army would cut 300,000 troops, with most of the cuts due by the end of 2017.
China, which hopes the measures will leave it more money to spend on high-tech weapons for its navy and air force, and result in a leaner and more strategic military, has struggled to resolve the grievances of those previously laid off, however.
Ministry spokesperson Wu Qian said there were "detailed arrangements" in place for the reductions and things were proceeding smoothly.
"This year it will achieve its set aims on schedule," Wu told a regular monthly news briefing, without elaborating.
In February, military veterans demonstrated in central Beijing for two days, demanding unpaid retirement benefits in a new wave of protests highlighting the difficulty of managing demobilised troops.
Previous protests have been sparked by pension problems suffered by some demobilised soldiers who fought against Vietnam in 1979.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Augusta Capital Ltd:
* ‍PURCHASED AN INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY IN SEAVIEW, WELLINGTON FOR A PURCHASE PRICE OF NZ$44.9 MILLION​
* INVESTIGATING & UNDERTAKING DUE DILIGENCE ON CERTAIN AUCKLAND BASED INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES AND EXPECTS TO LAUNCH FUND IN NEW YEAR
* FUND IS EXPECTED TO INITIALLY RAISE BETWEEN NZ$50 AND NZ$70 MILLION OF EQUITY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Euro recovers after dip on comments from ECB's Draghi
* Still held back by risks from French elections
* Swedish crown hit by weak retail sales after Riksbank blow
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, April 28 Solid growth numbers from Spain prodded the euro higher in early European deals on Friday after a week trading at its highest in almost six months on the back of a perceived easing in political risks in France.
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi took a cautious line at Thursday's post-policy meeting news conference, pulling the single currency back below $1.09 and encouraging talk that the bank will seek to cap any gains for the euro for fear of undermining hard-won rises in inflation.
Soft French consumer spending and growth figures underlined the risks that remain to the euro zone's economic recovery from a decade of debt and financial trouble.
But the slightly-above-forecast Spanish numbers - showing 3 percent growth in the first quarter - again pointed to the improvement that has some on markets expecting the ECB to begin to rein in its emergency stimulus later this year.
CIBC strategist Jeremy Stretch said next weekend's second round of presidential elections was likely to weigh on the euro but could also be the trigger for a bigger push higher if centrist Emmanuel Macron makes good on poll predictions of a clear victory.
"We are in a holding pattern, waiting for the monetary tightening we have been talking about to come back fully onto the agenda," they said.
"Draghi was clearly reluctant to sanction a changing of guidance with the risk of pushing the euro higher (but) once we get beyond next weekend it may be the time for the euro to have a little bit more of an upswing."
By 0743 GMT, the euro had gained 0.14 percent to $1.0887 to stand a little under a cent below Wednesday's 5-1/2 month high.
That left the euro-dominated dollar index flat at 99.06 and on course for a third monthly fall so far this year.
Against its Japanese counterpart, the dollar inched up to 111.30 yen, up 1.9 percent for the week but still down 0.2 percent for the month.
Tokyo markets will be closed for three days from May 3 for the string of holidays known as the Golden Week.
"The ... holidays are ahead, and investors have already adjusted their positions," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
"Because of the holidays, we're not seeing the usual Japanese profit-taking or exporter selling on the dollar's rise, though some investors are still hoping for a chance to buy the dollar on dips."
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
LISBON, April 12 Portugal's finance minister said on Wednesday they were confident the sale of Novo Banco will go ahead despite the prospect of further losses for bondholders in a debt swap, which is part of the sale agreement with U.S. fund Lone Star.
The sale of Novo Banco, which was carved out of Banco Espirito Santo (BES) in Portugal's biggest ever bank failure in 2014, is encountering increasing headwinds as bondholders who faced earlier losses have challenged the operation in the courts.
Portugal has until August to sell Novo Banco, the country's third largest bank, or it could face liquidation under an agreement with Brussels.
The central bank and the government reached an agreement last month with Lone Star to sell Novo Banco, but the deal falls short of recovering 4.9 billion euros ($5.2 bln) injected in the rescue operation of BES in 2014. In that rescue, Novo Banco was left with the healthy operations of BES, which became a 'bad bank' for the debts that led to its collapse.
Novo Banco is now owned by the country's bank resolution fund, which is funded by all banks operating in Portugal.
"It's true that the talks involving the Resolution Fund and the buyer are still on, and we have every expectation that the deal will be concluded," Finance Minister Mario Centeno told parliament.
Under the terms of the deal with Lone Star, Novo Banco will first have to swap 500 million euros of senior bonds for new bonds to reinforce its common equity Tier 1 capital ratio.
"Losses for bondholders is one of the pieces of the deal that the Bank of Portugal reached with Lone Star," Centeno said, adding that the swap will be a voluntary exchange and is aimed at preserving Novo Banco.
Last week Moody's Investor Service said that any debt exchange announced in the sale of Novo Banco would be seen as distressed. The ratings agency downgraded Novo Banco senior debt one notch to Caa2, implying very high credit risk.
This week bondholders led by U.S. fund BlackRock filed an injunction to block the sale over a prior, 2015 decision by the country's central bank to transfer 2.2 billion euros to a bank for bad loans, which has already led to losses for bondholders of 1.5 billion euros.
($1 = 0.9427 euros) (Reporting By Sergio Goncalves, writing by Andrei Khalip, editing by Axel Bugge and Susan Fenton)
(Adds quote from CFO, further details)
TORONTO May 3 Manulife Financial Corp, Canada's biggest life insurer, on Wednesday reported a rise in first-quarter earnings, slightly beating market forecasts with help from strong sales in Asia.
The company said core earnings, excluding one-time items and market movements, rose 22 percent to C$1.1 billion ($801 million), or 53 Canadian cents a share. Analysts on average had expected core earnings of 52 Canadian cents a share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data.
"In Asia, we achieved a 31 percent increase in annualized premium equivalent sales, with strong double-digit growth in most territories and importantly, a 53 percent increase in new business value, which speaks to the quality of sales we generated," said Chief Financial Officer Steve Roder.
Manulife is expanding in Asia as the region's burgeoning middle class looks to save and invest. The company has benefited from a partnership with Singapore's DBS Group, agreed in 2015, through which it sells its products through the lender's Asian branch network.
Net income rose to C$1.35 billion, up C$305 million from the year before, while assets under management rose to over C$1 trillion for the first time in the company's history, it said. ($1 = 1.3729 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by David Gregorio and Diane Craft)
April 5 Norway's Finance Ministry said on Wednesday:
* Insurance companies should be allowed to hold stakes bigger than 15 percent in other companies
* Says liberalising insurer rules would allow investment of pension funds in infrastructure such as in transportation and energy
* Says financial regulator (FSA) will be asked to draft a plan to change the rules currently preventing insurers from owning more than 15 percent of non-insurance companies
* Draft from FSA should be presented by June 1 and will be sent on a round of hearings to relevant institutions
* Says new capital requirements that have been introduced in recent years made the old restrictions less relevant Source text in Norwegian: bit.ly/2najk1U Further company coverage: (Reporting by Terje Solsvik, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
April 3 Chiho-Tiande group ltd
* Change Of Chief Financial Officer
* Liu huaiyu has been appointed as chief financial officer of company
* Chiho-Tiande group ltd- koon wai hung has been re-designated from their position of chief financial officer of company to deputy chief financial officer
Source text (bit.ly/2nA28iC)
Further company coverage:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In an act as impressive as it is wrong, a man helped themselves over Coachella's first weekend and managed to amass a pile of stranger's cellphones.
A man has made taking selfies infinitely more difficult for some Coachella attendees. In just one weekend, Reinaldo De Jesus Henao stole over 100 cell phones from unsuspecting festival-goers.
Man arrested at @Coachella after several people noticed their phone missing. Henao was located with a backpack with over 100 cell phones. pic.twitter.com/P8ynvN6qVN — KMIR News (@KMIRNews) April 17, 2017
While the insanely popular music festival draws huge crowds due to it's diverse line-ups, it also draws those looking to make some less-than-honest cash. When people began to notice their phones were missing, a quick-thinking group of victims put a helpful feature on their smart phones to work. Using "Find My Phone," they were able to track down Henao. Following them through the concert venue, the victims were able to enlist the help of security who, according to Indio Police Sergeant Dan Marshall, was able to detain Henao until law enforcement could get to the scene.
Great work by all involved! Thank you Cathedral City Police Department for assuming the investigation.#coachella2017 pic.twitter.com/QrbEBgmBWJ — Sgt Marshall (PIO) (@DmarshallDan) April 16, 2017
Police officers found over 100 stolen cell phones in Henao's bag, a haul that is difficult to not find impressive. Some phones were immediately returned to their rightful owners, but some remain unclaimed in Coachella's Lost and Found.
Henao was charged with suspicion of grand theft and receiving stolen property, but they have been released from police custody after posting their $10,000 bail.
If there had to be a moral to this story, it would be that "Find My Phone" is simple, straightforward, crime-fighting genius. To those riding the music festival circuit this spring and summer, download a cell phone tracking app (if you haven't already) and then rock on.
March 28 Sun Race Sturmey-Archer Inc:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.8 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 40 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/fx8O9i
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
JOHANNESBURG, Dec 10 (Reuters) - India's Shubhankar Sharma remained on course for their maiden European Tour victory as lightning, rain and hail forced the Joburg Open into a Monday finish.
Sharma, ranked number 462 in the world, has a tournament total of 22 under-par and holds a four-shot lead over South Africa's Erik van Rooyen with 11 holes of their final round remaining.
Play will restart on Monday at 07h30 local time (05h30 GMT).
Sharma, 21, birdied the second and sixth holes on Sunday for a two under-par score in their final round, having now gone 44 holes since they last dropped a shot.
Van Rooyen remains in the hunt at four under-par from eight holes in their fourth round, and will have a three-foot putt on the par-four ninth to move to within three shots of Sharma when play resumes.
Tapio Pulkkanen of Finland and England's James Morrison are tied for third at 14 under-par for the tournament, with 10 and 11 holes remaining respectively in their final rounds.
The top three finishers at the Randpark Golf Club, who are not already exempt, will earn a place at next year's Open Championship at Carnoustie Golf Links. (Reporting By Nick Said; Editing by Toby Davis)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc:
* DELTA REPORTS OPERATING PERFORMANCE FOR JANUARY 2018
* DELTA AIR LINES INC - JAN 2018 TOTAL SYSTEM LOAD FACTOR 79.7% VERSUS 81.2% IN JAN 2017
* DELTA AIR LINES INC - ‍TOTAL SYSTEM RPMS IN JAN 2018 15.64 BILLION VERSUS 15.64 BILLION IN JAN 2017
* DELTA AIR LINES INC - JAN 2018 TOTAL SYSTEM ASMS 19.62 BILLION VERSUS 19.27 BILLION IN JAN 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Thinkstock.
Better Life Lab is a partnership of Slate and New America.
In the United States, workers work among the longest, most extreme, and most irregular hours; have no guarantee to paid sick days, paid vacation, or paid family leave; and pay more for health insurance, yet are sicker and more stressed out than workers in other advanced economies. U.S. companies fret about rising health care costs—health spending per capita in the U.S. increased nearly 29-fold in the past 40 years, outpacing the growth of the economy—and institute wellness programs like lunchtime yoga, meditation, anti-smoking, or obesity prevention.
But Jeffrey Pfeffer, a professor of organizational behavior at Stanford Graduate School of Business, says companies are completely missing the point. Offering lunchtime yoga to stressed-out workers ignores the real reason why workers are so stressed out in the first place—management practices like long work hours, unpredictable schedules, toxic bosses, and after-hours emails. It's not individual workers making bad choices about their health that's making them so sick. It's the way corporate America expects workers to work. And in their new book, Dying for a Paycheck, they argue that the costs have become so great that it's time for companies and the government to take responsibility and create real change.
This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity.
Photo by Nancy Rothstein
Brigid Schulte: In your new book, you maintain that the workplace has become “shockingly inhumane” for everyone—white-collar workers, blue-collar workers, low-wage workers, managers. How so?
Jeffrey Pfeffer: My colleagues and I looked at 10 different workplace exposures and their effects on health—things like economic insecurity, work-family conflict, long work hours, absence of job control. We found that they account for about 120,000 excess deaths a year in the United States, which would make the workplace the fifth leading cause of death and costs about $190 billion dollars in excess health costs a year. So many of these workplace practices, like work-family conflict and long work hours, are as harmful to health as secondhand smoke, a known and regulated carcinogen. I chose the title of the book intentionally. We are literally killing people. People are dying for a paycheck. And I think it's unconscionable.
We found that workplaces are a source of the health crisis, which is being observed all over the world, as health care costs are rising. The irony is, of course, that most of what we're doing at work that's making people physically and mentally ill is also not helping companies or economic systems. The Economist magazine ran this interesting chart in which they show productivity on one axis and work hours on the other. There's this nice linear negative relationship—the more hours a country's working, the lower the productivity.
These studies have been done at the industry level as well and show the same thing. So the idea that you've got to work all these crazy hours in order to be productive is just not true. It's completely empirically incorrect. Same with layoffs. They don't benefit companies. Job control and micromanaging doesn't benefit companies. So we've created a lose-lose situation in which people are suffering and companies aren't benefiting. It's just pretty bad.
Why would we foster work systems that both punish workers and lose companies money? What you're describing sounds irrational.
That's correct. Companies know that their health claims are going up. And the next sentence is, “What are you going to do about it? Your health is your responsibility not mine.” We have created the world's most toxic environment for which we take no responsibility.
In the U.K., the government began to look at work practices and health in much the same way that other countries look at and control environmental pollution. Because when you dump your stuff into the air and water and somebody else pays to clean it up—you've externalized the costs. The government in the United Kingdom began measuring lost work time and the cost of stress and began to ask, “Why should we be paying to clean up the health mess that you're creating by the way you treat your workforce?” The Health and Safety Executive, which is the UK's equivalent to OSHA [Occupational Safety and Health Administration] in the United States, recently reported that in 2016–17, 12.5 million workdays were lost due to workplace stress, anxiety, and depression. So this is economically significant. Other governments are beginning to look at this, and sooner or later, I think they're going to say to businesses, “You cannot just pass these costs off onto the larger society.”
You cite surveys that show high levels of worker disengagement, presenteeism, distrust of management, and burnout, and one that found 7 percent of workers were actually hospitalized because of workplace stress. How did our work environments get this bad for everyone?
It's been getting worse gradually over time. Forty, 50, 60 years ago, layoffs used to be a response to economic downturns. Now, when [Brazilian private equity group] 3G Capital engineers the merger between Heinz and Kraft and lays off 20 percent of the workforce, it's seen as a routine part of economic life. But the evidence suggests that suicide rates more than double for people who were laid off, that heart attacks go up 40 percent, according to one study. And studies show downsizing does not positively affect economic performance.
We've also seen a rise in scheduling software and the “just in time” workforce for managers who don't want to add any extra people on the retail floor or in banks, ostensibly to save labor costs. But that kind of scheduling is quite stressful for workers, because you don't know what your work hours and therefore what your income is going to be from one week to the next. You don't know very far in advance when you're going to be working, so that makes it hard to plan for your other family obligations.
Work hours have gradually increased over time, as has the idea, with technology, that you should be always “on.” You know, it's funny, most of the people who check their email off hours—81 percent of people according to one survey do—these are not emergency-room physicians. There's actually there's nothing going on that requires you to be on. But people think they need or are expected to be. People are not taking vacation in the United States. It's unbelievable that 25 percent of workers don't get any paid time off. Workers are going to work sick. Forty, 50 years ago, CEOs saw themselves as balancing the interests of employees and customers and shareholders and the community. And now it's all just about the shareholders.
But honestly, when you look at working conditions throughout history, they've always been pretty awful for just about everyone but those at the top. Think about coal miners and black lung. Serfs in medieval times. Could you argue, cynically, that this is just the way of work?
Well, we did abolish slavery, and we did abolish child labor, though they were economically profitable. OSHA has, over the years, really made the physical aspects of work substantially safer so that there are not as many people dying in workplace accidents on construction sites or on oil rigs. We've cleaned up a lot of the physical aspects of work. But we have not cleaned up the psychosocial aspects of work. When people moan about excessive health care costs, I say you better start at the workplace, because if you don't fix what's going on in the workplace, we will never fix health care costs.
You have five recommendations for the way forward in your book: measuring health and well-being, calling out what you call the “social pollution” of these toxic work practices, implementing policies that reflect the true cost of management decisions, confronting the truth of difficult trade-offs between employer profits and employee health, and insisting that business and political leaders prioritize human sustainability.
I think change is going to take a while. It may take some kind of social movement, or maybe litigation. But the lesson from the quality movement and the lesson from management in general is that what we don't measure we're never going to get better at. So companies should be measuring what their workplace practice effects are on their employees. If you're a self-insured employer, go to your benefits administrator and ask for data on employees use of antidepressants, sleeping pills, ADHD, drug use, medical claims. Just as studies were done to measure the effects of CEOs on productivity in the auto industry years ago by some colleagues of mine, you could measure the effect of CEOs on drug use. We ought to measure this and hold people accountable.
I also believe that people need to begin choosing their jobs carefully and stop rationalizing, “Well you know I'm only going to do it for a short time,” or “I'm young, it won't affect me,” Or “I can put up with this, I'm tough.” For the last 40 years, human resources departments in their policy manuals say you are responsible for your own health. So you have to take responsibility for your own well-being.
But isn't that too much to ask of individual workers? To put the onus on them to change the system?
It may be. I understand it's a hard thing to ask, but it's pretty clear that most organizations have, for the most part, abdicated their responsibility.
Workers with education and resources may have more ability to change the way they work or the choice to leave toxic work environments. What about workers who don't?
They're in even worse shape. In the last two years, average life expectancy in the United States has gone down and health inequalities are rising. People with less education have less access to health insurance. They are much less likely to have job control and are much more likely to face economic insecurity, which increases stress. It's one of the reasons why we have these enormous health disparities. And the only thing that's going to fix it is a policy that says, “We are tired of this, this is unacceptable, and there is a level we should not fall below.” Already, the discrepancy between the counties in the United States with the highest and lowest life expectancies is 20 years. Twenty years!
You end your book with a conversation with a nun about how this is really all about what we value as a society. In other words, what is work for? And how can we keep it from crowding out the rest of life, like time for families, health, even leisure?
My friend, Nuria Chinchilla, a business professor in Barcelona, says, “You live in a country where everybody talks about valuing life. Yet what they only seem to care about is just the beginning and the end of life, not the middle.” That's exactly correct. At the end of the day, we ought to value human life, value not just environmental but human sustainability. More people need to have a sense of flight attendantship over the lives of their employees, who've placed their well-being in leaders' hands, and take that responsibility seriously. The worst thing about this is that I don't think anybody cares. And on the day we start caring, we'll do something. Until then, nothing is going to happen.
18 Brazilian defence & security solutions providers to highlight products & services in biennial Abu Dhabi show
Image
End
-- UAE, February 15, 2017 - The Arab Brazilian Chamber of Commerce has announced that Brazil will participate at International Defence Exhibition and Conference (IDEX) 2017, the latest edition of the region's only event dedicated to unmanned systems and technologies taking place from February 19 to 23, 2017 at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre. The Brazilian Defense and Security Industries Association (ABIMDE) will host 18 local companies to throw the spotlight on their products and services at a dedicated 312-square meter pavilion. The Ministry of Defense of Brazil along with Embraer, one of the world's largest aerospace companies, will also attend the biennial arms and defence technology event.Brazil is a leading supplier of lethal and non-lethal weaponry, vehicles, armoured vehicles, and aircraft in the Middle East. Its participation in IDEX 2017 will further strengthen its presence in the region as it showcases domestic solutions such as command and control systems, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) or drones, and armour plating. Brazilian companies will also look to establish partnerships with regional firms to further penetrate the market.According to a recent report by the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Services of Brazil, the country exported USD 146.7 million worth of defence and security products to the Arab World in 2016, registering an increase of 14 per cent over 2015. With imports of USD 65.5 million last year, the KSA remains Brazil's largest market in this segment in the region. The UAE trailed close behind with USD 36 million worth of defence imports at an increase of 89 per cent over the previous year.Dr. Michel Alaby, Secretary General and CEO, Arab Brazilian Chamber of Commerce, said: "The Middle East has been a key market for defense and security solutions for Brazil and therefore, the presence of Brazilian companies at IDEX will enable them to establish new partnerships with companies from the region. It is a perfect platform to meet new clients, give live product demonstrations, and get insights on the latest technology and products that are in demand in the region. We are confident that Brazilian firms will cater to unmanned systems and technologies requirements and secure deals with some of the leading players in the region."Brazilian companies representing the aerospace engineering, simulators, drones, command systems, control and combat, personal ballistic protection, armour products, ammunition, non-lethal weapons, temporary shelters, naval engineering, rockets, drone and cell phone jammers, signals, military logistics, and light weaponry segments will be present at IDEX 2017. These include A.S. Avionics Service, Akaer Engenharia, Altave, Atech, BCA, CBC, Cecil, Condor, Domus, Emgepron, Fly Sistemas, Gespi, IACIT, Índios Pirotecnia, M&K, Safety Wall, Smart Power, and Taurus.
TEL AVIV The Cyber-Security Council Germany said on Wednesday it opened its first international chapter with security firm Checkmarx in Israel, establishing a bridge between German and Israeli cybersecurity communities.
"Cyber threats are not bound to national borders, so that transnational cooperation and networking is inevitable for the exchange of know-how and best practices," said Philipp von Saldern, president of the council, whose members include companies, experts and policymakers in cybersecurity.
Checkmarx, which provides application security testing products to customers such as Samsung and SAP, will operate the local chapter from its offices in Israel.
(Reporting by Tova Cohen)
TOKYO, April 12 Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Wednesday that a lack of clarity on why auditors did not sign off on Toshiba Corp's earnings is problematic for shareholders and financial markets.
Aso, who is also head of the country's financial regulator, said this uncertainty could cause confusion for stock and bond markets.
Aso also said they did not want investors to lose faith in Japan's financial markets simply based on Toshiba's problems.
Toshiba filed twice-delayed business results on Tuesday without an endorsement from its auditor and warned its very survival was in doubt, deepening a prolonged crisis at the industrial conglomerate. (Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
Dive Brief:
Friends School of Baltimore 3rd grade teacher Judy Sandler writes for Edutopia on the benefits of transforming a social studies unit on Native Americans into a semester-long, project-based learning experience that benefits students by providing them more agency and voice in their learning.
Throughout the project, students study and debate stereotypes about Native Americans, examine their use as sports mascots, and create a "mini-museum" designed to better educate people about those stereotypical depictions of Native Americans.
Sandler notes that each student undergoes a fair amount of trial and error, confronting "natural consequences" that arise during the project as a result of varying factors — and that they are ultimately assessed during the planning process on metrics like collaboration, creativity, communication and flexibility .
Dive Insight:
Lessons that tie what students are learning to the real world stand to engage them much more effectively than the lectures and rote memorization of old. Being able to touch things, or even to just put them into the context of real-world problems, adds perspective to the material being learned, increasing understanding of its importance.
Of course, some schools are in a greater position to do this as a result of geographic location, as Sandler notes that Friends School of Baltimore is close enough to make a visit to the Smithsonian's National Museum of the Native American in Washington, DC. Technology has also bridged that gap to some extent, with schools now capable of making "virtual visits" to museums and other locations, connecting students with experts via Skype or letting them see exhibits from a distance through tools like Google's Expeditions.
For some schools, adopting these practices may take a bit of creativity on educators' parts, but they can make a significant difference when it comes to student success.
April 28 11 Bit Studios SA:
* To post a negative net result for Q1 due to financial costs resulting from the need to revise the value of dollar-denominated monetary assets
* To publish Q1 results on May 11
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Gdynia Newsroom)
Even when children take drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) they may still have a hard time succeeding in school, and girls may struggle more than boys, a recent study suggests.
That's because children taking ADHD drugs are more likely than other kids to need special education services, to be chronically absent or expelled, to get lower grades and to leave school before age 16, the study found.
“Fewer girls are treated for ADHD, but when girls are diagnosed they fare worse than boys with ADHD,” said senior study author Dr. Jill Pell of the University of Glasgow in Scotland.
“Having ADHD had a bigger effect on girls than boys in terms of having special education needs, being excluded from school, doing worse on exams, being unemployed and needing to be admitted to the hospital,” Pell said by email.
ADHD affects about 6.5 percent of kids, and is four times more common in boys than in girls, researchers note in JAMA Pediatrics.
It can be hard to measure how kids with ADHD manage in school because students with more severe symptoms or disruptive behaviors tend to be diagnosed and medicated more often than children with more subtle problems with focus or attention that don't bother their classmates or teachers.
Children with ADHD are more prone to difficulties with reading, writing and executive function. Medication may help improve concentration by controlling impulsivity and making kids feel calmer.
For the current study, researchers examined data on 766,244 children and teens attending school in Scotland between 2009 and 2013. This included 7,413 kids taking medication for ADHD.
About 85 percent of the kids taking ADHD drugs were boys.
Compared to kids not being treated for ADHD, boys taking medication for the disorder were more than three times as likely to get poor grades in school. Girls on ADHD drugs, however, were more than five times as likely to get poor grades.
Roughly 64 percent of students taking ADHD drugs dropped out of school before age 16, compared with 28 percent of other students.
When they dropped out, boys with ADHD were 40 percent more likely than kids without the disorder to be unemployed six months later. For girls with ADHD, the risk of unemployment was 59 percent greater.
The study isn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that ADHD diagnosis or treatment directly causes educational problems. Another limitation is the possibility that the ADHD group included only severe cases when kids got medication, and excluded students with milder forms of the disorder who didn't receive drugs, the authors note.
“Those children who receive medication typically are sicker than those kids who do not receive medication treatment for ADHD,” said Dr. Timothy Wilens, chief of the division of child and adolescent psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
“The severity of illness is what is really determining the outcome, not the treatment,” Wilens, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Even so, the study adds to a large body of evidence suggesting that stimulant medication for ADHD may not be enough on its own to help kids succeed, said Dr. William Pelham, director of the Center for Children and Families at Florida International University in Miami.
“Childhood ADHD leads to a host of negative outcomes later in life, and interventions that help with the three major domains that predict later functioning - parenting, peer relationships, and academic success - need to be used,” Pelham, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2p92nC0 JAMA Pediatrics, online May 1, 2017.
DUBAI/LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson held almost an hour of talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday after flying to Tehran to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker.
“Both spoke forthrightly about the obstacles in the relationship and agreed on the need to make progress in all areas,” said a spokesperson for Britain's Foreign Office after Johnson concluded what was only the third visit to Iran by a British foreign minister in the past 14 years.
The Foreign Office confirmed Johnson had raised “consular cases of dual nationals” during talks. These cases include Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who Britain says was visiting family on holiday in April 2016 when they were jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government.
The woman's husband later told Sky News that a court appearance scheduled in Iran for Sunday had been postponed. “I think I am very optimistic today,” Richard Ratcliffe said.
They added that they hoped their wife would be home before Christmas but cautioned that there could still be setbacks.
“Without doubt having the foreign secretary there was a big thing. Without doubt the court case not happening is a big thing. There may be a number of big things that have to happen before she's home, but ... as I sit here I am a lot more optimistic than I was.”
Iranian state television had reported that “bilateral relations, the nuclear deal and regional developments made up the axis of the talks”, between the president and Johnson.
TWO-DAY VISIT
Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson gives a speech at the Foreign Office in London December 7, 2017. REUTERS/Victoria Jones/Pool
The case of Zaghari-Ratcliffe has taken on domestic political importance after Johnson said last month that they had been teaching journalists in Iran, which their employer denies. Johnson later apologised. Opponents have called for them to resign if their comments lead to them serving longer in prison.
Johnson met Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization earlier on Sunday and had talks with their Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif on Saturday.
The two-day visit took place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“It has been a worthwhile visit and we leave with a sense that both sides want to keep up the momentum to resolve the difficult issues in the bilateral relationship and preserve the nuclear deal,” the Foreign Office spokesperson added.
International sanctions against Iran have only recently been lifted as part of the 2015 multilateral nuclear deal to curb Tehran's disputed uranium enrichment programme.
That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran's compliance with its terms. Johnson told Zarif they believed the deal should be fully implemented.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the highest profile case.
A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, they were sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. They deny the charges.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organisation that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.
BRASILIA, March 31 The new long-term interest rate created by the government to replace the TJLP rate will strengthen monetary policy, allowing for lower interest rates in the future, central bank president Ilan Goldfajn told journalists on Friday.
The government announced earlier in the day that it would overhaul the TJLP, a benchmark interest rate that state development bank BNDES uses for long-term corporate loans, in a bid to reduce costly subsidies.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Writing by Silvio Cascione)
MOSCOW Russia and Turkey will hold high-level economic talks next week, a Moscow official said on Thursday, hoping to restore normal trade ties amid political tensions over the war in Syria.
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich, the government official responsible for agriculture, will meet their Turkish counterpart Minister Mehmet Simsek in Moscow on April 18, a spokesperson for Dvorkovich told Reuters.
Ties between Moscow and Ankara, which have long used trade restrictions against each other during political rows, have been strained in recent days after Turkey called for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, a staunch Russian ally, to step down.
Turkish Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci will attend the talks, Russia's Tass news agency reported, citing Huseyin Dirioz, Ankara's ambassador in Moscow.
"Of course, we expect to clarify the question of the restoration of our economic relations. This is very important for our countries," Tass quoted Dirioz as saying.
Turkey has effectively put purchases of wheat, maize (corn) and sunflower from Russia on hold by imposing high import tariffs from mid-March.
The official reason for Ankara's move on Russian imports remains unclear. The Turkish economy ministry has said that an improvement in political ties with Russia was "not fully reflected yet in economic relations."
Russia is yet to restore a visa-free regime with Turkey after a previous row, and to resume purchases of tomatoes.
Turkey's tourism industry relies heavily on visitors from Russia, which may suspend charter flights to Turkey due to the "difficult political situation" there, the Federal Air Transport Agency warned airlines earlier this week, according to a source at one of the airlines.
The meetings in Moscow will take place soon after an April 16 referendum on amending the constitution to grant Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers.
Russia imposed trade restrictions on Turkish goods and other sanctions after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet near the Syrian border in November 2015.
The two countries restored ties in August and Moscow has lifted most restrictions, but it has yet to resume purchases of some vegetable products from Turkey.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Editing by Christian Lowe)
April 28 Power Corporation Of Canada-
* Power Corporation's deputy chairperson, president and co-ceo André Desmarais takes medical leave of absence
* Power Corporation of Canada says desmarais looks forward to resuming all their activities at power corporation group of companies by end of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Eric Boullier, McLaren's under-fire racing director, has resigned from their post with immediate effect.
Frenchman Boullier joined McLaren in 2014, but has overseen the British team's worst run in their 52-year history.
Gil de Ferran, a former IndyCar champion, takes up the new role of Sporting Director, while Andrea Stella, who moved to McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari, is promoted to Performance Director.
Boullier's position has come under increasing scrutiny this season following the team's continued failure to improve.
Boullier, 44, insisted only a fortnight ago that they would not resign despite reports of a staff revolt at the team's Woking headquarters.
But only days before their home race at Silverstone, the British team have moved them on in a dramatic shake-up of their management structure.
Zak Brown, the team's American chief executive said: “The performance of the MCL33 in 2018 has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren, especially our loyal fans.
“This is not the fault of the hundreds of committed and hard-working men and women at McLaren.
[quote]The causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery.[/quote]
“I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of the entire team to thank Eric for their service and contribution to McLaren and wish them well in their future endeavours.”
Boullier added: “I am very proud to have worked with such a brilliant team over the past four years, but I recognise now is the right time for me to step down.
[quote]I want to wish everyone at McLaren the best for the remainder of the season and for the future.[/quote]
McLaren have won 20 drivers' and constructors' championships, but they have not won a race since 2012, and have failed to finish on the podium in more than four years.
Boullier claimed last year that McLaren were being held back by their engine supplier Honda, and believed they boasted one of the best cars in the field.
But despite spending roughly £60m (€68m) to severe ties with Honda and switch to Renault power, McLaren still find themselves at the wrong end of the grid.
Fernando Alonso, who is out of contract at the end of the season, has scored all but eight of the team's 44 points this season.
They are sixth in the constructors' championship, 203 points behind Ferrari.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
The Federal Reserve on Friday slapped Wells Fargo with an unprecedented enforcement action — one of the harshest it has ever handed down — but the message it sent went far beyond a single institution.The order bars the nearly $2 trillion bank, the third biggest in the U.S., from growing any larger, though Fed officials and the bank itself were quick to clarify that it could still take deposits and make loans. In a concurrent decision by Wells' board of directors, three members of the Wells board will be replaced by April and a fourth will be replaced by the end of the year. (Neither the bank nor the Fed would reveal which board members were leaving.)Reaction to the news was swift and severe. Wells' share price dropped more than 6% in after-hours trading, and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., praised now-former Fed Chair Janet Yellen for removing members of the bank's board of directors in response to its phony accounts scandal, which came to light in 2016.“For months, I have repeatedly pressed Janet Yellen to hold Wells Fargo accountable for its fake-accounts scam and push out responsible Board Members,” Warren said. “Today they did it — in their last act as Fed Chair. Fines alone will never rein in fraudulent behavior at the big banks and by pushing out board members at Wells Fargo, Chair Yellen sends a strong message.”The Fed's order does not require any members of Wells Fargo's board of directors to be removed, nor did Yellen or the Fed take credit for their ouster.But the announcement sent ripples through the financial regulatory world, signaling a new era at the Fed and continuing trouble for Wells and other big banks."The Fed's actions were likely meant to serve as a warning to other banks just as much as they were meant to discipline Wells," said Brian Tayan, a researcher with the corporate governance research initiative at Stanford Graduate School of Business. "Severe actions are likely to get a lot of bank board members' attention, and it looks like they succeeded."Here are some key takeaways from the order:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MANCHESTER, England Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho fears the injuries suffered by striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and defender Marcos Rojo are serious and could result in lengthy absences from the team.
Both were substituted with knee injuries during United's Europa League extra-time win over Anderlecht on Thursday.
"I want to wait," Mourinho said when asked about the injury status of the duo.
"But my feeling is not good for both. I want to wait and to be optimistic but I am not," Mourinho told reporters.
Ibrahimovic is United's top scorer this season, with 17 goals in the Premier League, while Rojo has established themselves at the heart of United's defence.
Mourinho is currently without two other central defenders, Chris Smalling and Phil Jones, and they urged them to make a special effort to return quickly from injury.
“We have Daley Blind who has experience in the position and I think it is time for Jones and Smalling to be brave and to risk because for the team you have to do everything, that is the way I think.
"You cannot do miracles, so miracles I don't expect but you have to do everything to accelerate the process... with a special spirit you can (come back) sooner than expected. So instead of coming mid-May you can come beginning May -- this kind of acceleration of the process," they said.
Mourinho also had words of praise for left back Luke Shaw, who they have publicly criticised in the past.
"Luke Shaw today did something for me new that means a lot to me. After 90 minutes, before I knew that I have to change Zlatan, I had Ashley Young ready to come on and (Luke) told me, 'I am going to play these 30 minutes with cramps. No problem if you need to make a change in another position do it because I am ready for it.'
"These are the kind of things that make me trust players," they said.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Toby Davis)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
ATHENS Greece said on Tuesday it wants to tap bond markets soon after reaching a comprehensive deal with its international lenders, including debt relief.
Greece expects to conclude talks on fiscal issues and reforms by May 22 to conclude a crucial bailout review which will pave the way for the disbursement of vital loans.
"The Greek government is aiming at tapping the markets as soon as possible after wrapping up the second (bailout) review and a comprehensive deal on the medium-term (measures) for the debt," government spokesperson Dimitris Tzanakopoulos told a news conference.
(Reporting Renee Maltezou, Writing by Lefteris Papadimas)
WASHINGTON A high-profile British Islamist preacher who was sentenced to prison last year for inviting support for the Islamic State militancy was added to the U.S. global counterterrorism list, the U.S. Treasury said on Thursday.
Anjem Choudary, 50, who was imprisoned in Britain in September for five and a half years for encouraging support for Islamic State, was added to a list of specially designated global terrorists by the Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control and the U.S. State Department.
Choudary was one of seven people added to the list, which blocks their assets in the United States and prohibits U.S. citizens from dealing with them, the Treasury said.
Also placed on the list were Sami Bashur Bouras, a Swedish citizen; Shane Dominic Crawford of Trinidad and Tobago; El Shafee Elsheikh, a British citizen; Muhammad Wanndy bin Mohamed Jedi, of Malaysia; Muhammad Bahrun Naim Anggih Tamtomo of Indonesia; and John Mark Taylor of New Zealand.
Naim is suspected of organising the Jakarta attacks in January 2016 that killed four civilians and wounded 23 with explosions and gunfire, the Treasury said. Wanndy claimed responsibility on behalf of Islamic State last year for a grenade attack on a Malaysian nightclub that wounded eight, it said.
Elsheikh is suspected of being one of four Britons who acted as Islamic State jailers in Syria. The group, dubbed the "Beatles" because of their accents, are suspected of beheading more than 27 hostages and torturing many more, the State Department said in a statement.
John Mark Taylor reportedly is a former New Zealand infantryman who joined Islamic State in Syria. Media reports in Britain and New Zealand said they picked up the nickname "bumbling jihadi" after they failed to turn off the geotagging function on their Twitter account, broadcasting their location to the world.
(Reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
The Cambridge Footlights present a midnight feast of sleep-talk, Freudian slips, bedtime stories and skits that go bump in the night at Brighton's Marlborough pub and theatre on July 5.
Spokeswoman Anna Hackney said: “Join five bright-eyed and bed-headed young comedians for an exhilarating sleepover (followed by mild nausea, physical slowness, and a creeping feeling of existential dread). ‘Pillow Talk' is the insomniatic joy and absurd angst of the-evening-after-the-night-before.
“The Cambridge Footlights International Tour Show is the biggest Footlights show of the year. Join the most renowned sketch troupe of them all as they embark on another exceptional world tour, performing to over twenty thousand people across two continents. Last year's tour travelled to London, Edinburgh, California, Las Vegas, Boston, Chicago, New York, Cambridge, and many more. Don't miss your chance to see the latest on offer from the group that launched many of the greatest names in comedy, including Stephen Fry, Emma Thompson, Mel Giedroyc, John Cleese, Miriam Margolyes, Hugh Laurie, Mitchell and Webb, Richard Ayoade, Olivia Colman, John Oliver and Sue Perkins.
“Written and performed by Ashleigh Weir (Footlights President), James Coward (Footlights Spring Revue: Judi's 40th), Megan Coslett, Christian Hines and Will Bicknell-Found (Footlights Presents: Pen Pals), these students represent some of the best up-and-coming comedians in the country, from a troupe who have produced many of the biggest names in British comedy. Pillow Talk is another creative collaboration by Daniel Emery and Molly Stacey, who have together directed a number of critically acclaimed shows, including The Footlights Pantomime 2017: The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Past credits include Salt Water (Underbelly), Laugh, Why Don't You? (Just The Tonic), Four Go Off On One! (Gilded Balloon), The Man Presents: Women (Assembly) and SiX (Sweet Venues).”
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/get-spooked-on-chichester-ghost-tour-1-8553637
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/michael-jayston-leads-poetry-night-for-festival-of-chichester-1-8553646
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/trio-nova-join-the-festival-of-chichester-1-8553625
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/hamlet-at-the-festival-of-chichester-1-8553621
http://https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/this-is-elvis-show-marks-50th-anniversary-1-8553643
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/kosmos-ensemble-offer-uk-premiere-for-festival-of-chichester-1-8554327
http://https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/resurrected-at-chichester-s-oxmarket-gallery-1-8553653
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/video-watch-me-and-my-girl-rehearsals-at-chichester-festival-theatre-1-8555100
Contact
Daniel's Lawn Service & Pressure Washing
***@virtualstacks.com Daniel's Lawn Service & Pressure Washing
End
-- Lake Mary lawn service Daniel's Lawn Service & Pressure Washing, Inc. recently launched an initiative to protect Florida grass from drought conditions. Florida is currently experiencing warmer than usual temperatures, with drought conditions in over 70% of the state. In an effort to reduce the impact of these conditions, Daniel's Lawn Service is offering homeowners tips on how to protect their Florida grass.Daniel's Lawn Service is advising homeowners to allow their grass to grow to three inches or higher during a dry season. Taller grass is more drought tolerant, due to its deeper roots and the shade it creates, preventing weeds. The lawn service also advises customers to prevent cutting more than 1/3 of the grass blades each time the lawn is mowed.In May, Daniel's Lawn Service was recognized by the Better Business Bureau, officially becoming a Better Business Bureau Accredited Business. The accreditation determines that Daniel's Lawn Service meets the standards of the bureau, including a commitment to making a good faith effort to resolve customer issues."We at Daniel's Lawn Service are very proud of our team to provide top service to customers,"Daniel's Lawn Service and Pressure Washing, Inc. is a Lake Mary ( http://danielslawnservice.net/ services-landscape- design/l... )-based lawn service and pressure washing company. With decades of design and instillation experience, Daniel's Lawn Services serves the greater Orlando area including Lake Mary, Maitland, Casselberry, Longwood and Winter Park.Daniel's Lawn Service and Pressure Washing, Inc. offers lawn service, pressure washing, tree removal, bush hogging, land clearing, and more. Services provided are designed to meet year-long needs to keep yards and landscapes looking their best through all seasons.Daniel's Lawn Service & Pressure Washing, Inc. ( http://danielslawnservice.net/ 191 Ruskin St.Lake Mary, FL 32746(321) 282-9731Monday: 8AM to 6PMTuesday: 8AM to 6PMWednesday: 8AM to 6PMThursday: 8AM to 6PMFriday: 8AM to 6PMSaturday: 8AM to 6PMSunday: Closed
Contact
James Lamb
***@strategymrc.com James Lamb
End
-- According to Stratistics MRC, the 3D bioprinting market is projected to reach $6,120 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 17.4% from 2015 to 2022. Incorporation of IT within the healthcare industry is the key driving factor for the growth of 3D bioprinting market. Rapidly increasing aging population, rising incidence of chronic illnesses, huge investment in R & D, growing demand for organ and tissue transplants, technological advancements and limited number of organ donors are the factors driving the market growth. However, rapid production of bio drugs, lack of skilled professionals and increasing need for personalized medicine are the factors hindering the market growth.Syringe based 3D bioprinting technology held the major share in 3D bioprinting market as adoption rate of this technology is very high. Whereas, laser based technology is expected to grow at a higher CAGR during the forecast period. Medical segment has dominant share in 3D bioprinting application market by accounting for more than 28% of share in total market. The growth of this application is mainly attributed to technological advancements in regeneration of organs and tissues.North America is anticipated to be the largest market for 3D bioprinting. Factors such as rising aging population, incessant R & D activities, advanced healthcare infrastructure and huge disposable income are fueling the 3D bioprinting market in this region. However, Asia Pacific is expected to witness the highest growth on account of rapidly expanding healthcare infrastructure, rising FDI investments, government initiatives, growing awareness about technology and technological advancements.Some of the key players in global 3D bioprinting market include Bio3D Technologies, 3Dynamics Systems, Aspect Biosystems, Organovo Holding, Inc., Luxexcel Group BV, BioBots, 3D Systems, Cyfuse Biomedical, Oceanz, Materialise NV, Cellink, Solidscape, TeVido BioDevices, Envision TEC and Stratasys Ltd.• Laser Based• Syringe Based• Magnetic Levitation• Inkjet Based• Other Technologies• Biosensors• Dental• Personal Product Testing• Food And Animal Product Bioprinting• Medicalo Medical Pillso Prosthetics And Implantso Tissue And Organ Generation• Bioinks• Other Applications• North Americao USo Canadao Mexico• Europeo Germanyo Franceo Italyo UKo Spaino Rest of Europe• Asia Pacifico Japano Chinao Indiao Australiao New Zealando Rest of Asia Pacific• Rest of the Worldo Middle Easto Brazilo Argentinao South Africao Egypt- Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments- Market share analysis of the top industry players- Strategic recommendations for the new entrants- Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets- Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations)- Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations- Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends- Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments- Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancementhttp://www.strategymrc.com/report/3d-bioprinting-market
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
It's round 10 and the final leg of Formula One's first triple-header. After two weeks on the road in France and Austria, the team turns to Silverstone for its home race. Last year, we celebrated our 40th anniversary at the home of British motor racing, which was made all the more special with a Williams Heritage display. This year, the Heritage team joins us once again, with Guy Martin behind the wheel of the Williams FW08C and Jenson Button in the six-wheeled FW08B on Thursday afternoon. What's more, this year's race will see the addition of a third DRS zone to aid overtaking, meanwhile Pirelli debut their new blue-walled hard tyre compound.
For Silverstone, Pirelli has made available the hard, medium and soft tyres.
Paddy Lowe, Chief Technical Officer
There is always something special about the British GP, as it is the team's home event and we get to race in front of all our home fans who show up whatever the weather may bring. The crowd always create a special atmosphere and the circuit itself combines long sweeping corners and fast straights which makes it enjoyable for the drivers. We hope to put on a good race for all the fans.
Lance Stroll
The fans at Silverstone in the UK are amazing. Not only are they enthusiastic, but also really knowledgeable and they just love their motorsport. It is always special having a home race and so obviously this is the case for the Williams team. It is a great track and very enjoyable when driving a Formula One car. It has a lot of high-speed corners, so you really get to feel the car come alive. This will be an amazing event.
Sergey Sirotkin
Silverstone is a great track and it's the team's home race. I have really good memories there. It's definitely one of those races that everyone looks forward to, and for me as well. I've heard we're going to have a new track surface, so I'm not sure where we're going to end up. It's going to be difficult for us performance-wise, but I strive on a challenge and I hope we perform well as a team at our home race.
Welcome to our WrestlingINC.com Live WWE SmackDown Viewing Party. We will be providing live ongoing coverage of tonight's SmackDown, while you all can chime in with your thoughts throughout the show.
Please help spread word of tonight's coverage. Twitter users, please share this page by clicking the 'Share' button below:
Tweet
Keep hitting REFRESH on your browser to get the most up-to-date results.
- Tonight's WWE SmackDown opens with a video package looking back at Sunday's Elimination Chamber pay-per-view.
- We're live from Anaheim, California with Mauro Ranallo, JBL, David Otunga and Tom Phillips.
- We go right to the ring and out comes new WWE Champion Bray Wyatt as fans light the arena up.
Wyatt hits the ring and a "you deserve it" chant breaks out. Wyatt laughs. Wyatt says "she" never said this would be easy. They warned them they would lie to him, they would try to denounce him, they would try to steal their gift. Wyatt says they were right, Sister Abigail always spoke the truth and so does he. Wyatt goes on and says they can truly say they have the whole damn world in their hand right now. Fans pop for Wyatt. Wyatt says too much power can be a very scary thing. Not for them but for all of us. Wyatt tells everyone to open their eyes and ears for him, walk by their side and they will lead us to paradise but stand in their way and you will burn in the fire. Wyatt welcomes us all to The Era of Wyatt. The music interrupts and out comes John Cena to a loud mixed reaction.
Cena comes out and comments on how lively the crowd is tonight. Cena gives it up for the new WWE Champion. Cena realizes Wyatt has some followers in the arena tonight and says Wyatt's done the job of brain-washing them, because they chanted "you deserve it" to him. The chant starts up again. Cena says no man deserves anything around here, they earn every single inch they get. Cena says Wyatt doesn't have the whole world in their hands, the entire world is looking at the target on their shoulder. Cena wants to cut the chit-chat and have their match right now. The music hits and out comes AJ Styles to interrupt.
AJ says Cena is wrong if they think he's getting their rematch first. Fans chant for AJ as they walk to the ring and talks. AJ says Cena isn't getting away with line-jumping tonight. AJ enters the ring and reminds us he's already beat Cena several times. Styles says they know they can beat Wyatt. Styles wants their one-on-one rematch for the WWE Title right now. SmackDown General Manager Daniel Bryan is out next as their music interrupts and a "yes!" chant breaks out. Bryan congratulates Wyatt on winning the WWE Title. Bryan says we have a conundrum on our hands - Cena and AJ are both owed rematches but we have promised the people of Anaheim a WWE Title match. Bryan makes Cena vs. Styles vs. Wyatt in a Triple Threat for the WWE Title as tonight's main event. Cena, AJ and Wyatt have words as Bryan's music hits. AJ isn't happy but Cena looks ready to go.
- We go to the announcers for discussion on tonight's show. Still to come, Becky Lynch vs. Mickie James. Also, new SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi will speak. We see SmackDown Tag Team Champions American Alpha walking backstage. We go to commercial.
- Back from the break and an angry WWE Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose is backstage looking for Baron Corbin.
American Alpha vs. The Ascension
We go to the ring and out comes SmackDown Tag Team Champions Chad Gable and Jason Jordan for this non-title match. Konnor and Viktor are out next.
Gable and Viktor start things off with a lock up. Gable takes Viktor down first and goes for a quick pin attempt. More back and forth. We go to commercial after American Alpha hits dropkicks to send their opponents out of the ring.
Back from the break and Viktor is in control of Gable as The Ascension turned it around during the commercial. Gable fights back but Viktor whips them into the corner and they go down. Viktor with a 2 count. Konnor comes in and floors Gable for another pin attempt. Konnor keeps Gable grounded now. Gable gets an opening after a hanging armbar. Viktor tags in and stops the tag to Jordan. Gable ends up getting the tag and in comes Jordan. Jordan knocks Konnor off the apron and unloads on Viktor. Konnor runs in but takes a big Alphaplex. Viktor also takes a suplex.
Jordan misses the spear in the corner on Viktor. Konnor tags in for a big double team on Gable for a close 2 count. Alpha takes Konnor out and hits Grand Amplitude on Viktor for the win.
Winners: American Alpha
- After the match, Gable and Jordan stand tall as we go to replays. Gable and Jordan raise their titles as fans pop. The Usos appear on the big screen and taunt the champions, warning them that they're coming for them. The music hits and they wait for a fight but The Usos never come out.
- James Ellsworth and Carmella are backstage. Carmella still wants to take it easy and slow... Ambrose walks up and he's still looking for Corbin. Ambrose gives Ellsworth some advice and says Carmella is using him, go try online dating or something. Carmella asks if Ellsworth is going to let this gas station attendance talk to them like that. Absolutely not... Daniel Bryan walks up and asks if there's a problem. Ambrose has two - they want Corbin and Ellsworth is dressed like a schmuck. Ambrose asks if they can beat Ellsworth up and Bryan thinks they can make that happen. Ambrose walks off. Bryan also leaves. Ellsworth wonders what just happened and Carmella says they just got the chance to teach Ambrose a lesson. Ellsworth doesn't seem so sure.
- Still to come, Becky vs. Mickie. Back to commercial.
- Back from the break and the announcers mention 2017 WWE Hall of Famer Teddy Long, who joins Kurt Angle and The Rock 'n' Roll Express as confirmed names for this year.
- We go to the ring and James Ellsworth is out with Carmella. They tell fans to simmer down and not be rude as they introduce their special lady friend. Fans boo. They tell them not to boo Carmella because their only boo is him. He's so lucky to have them accompany them to the ring because they make their heart race and sing. Ellsworth gives it up for Carmella but the music hits and out comes WWE Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose for a fight.
Ellsworth waits but Ambrose doesn't appear. We finally see Baron Corbin come out dragging Ambrose with him. Corbin beats up Ambrose but Ambrose fights back. Ambrose jumps off a production case and nails Corbin but Corbin catches them in a Deep Six, dropping them into a production area causing sparks to go off. Referees check on Ambrose as we go back to the announcers.
- Phillips leads us to backstage video of Natalya attacking Nikki Bella, knocking them into Maryse, after their double count out match at Elimination Chamber on Sunday night. Bryan is backstage with Nikki now. They say this stuff has to stop. Nikki says she's just defending herself, Natalya won't stop attacking them Bryan has an idea that they think Nikki will like. Natalya walks up. Bryan says they think they will like the idea too. Natalya goes off about how Nikki always gets everything. Nikki says she's lost it and she's the reason why Team SmackDown lost at Survivor Series. Natalya ends up decking Nikki and a brawl breaks out. Security comes in to help Bryan break it up. Bryan isn't happy. They make Natalya vs. Nikki in a Falls Count Anywhere match for next week. Bryan storms off and they argue.
- Still to come, Cena vs. Styles vs. Wyatt. Back to commercial.
- Back from the break and we see what just happened with Ambrose and Corbin. Dasha Fuentes is backstage with Corbin now. They blame Ambrose on them not winning the WWE Title on Sunday night.
- Renee Young is backstage with Dolph Ziggler. They say what they did to Kalisto and Apollo Crews at Elimination Chamber was a warning to everyone in the New Era. They knock the New Era and says he's just getting started, and is a long way from being done. Ziggler says if they have to wipe out an entire generation to get their point across, they will. Ziggler says no one steals the show from them and no one steals their place but some people are about to get put in theirs. They walk off.
Mickie James vs. Becky Lynch
We go to the ring and out comes Becky Lynch for this Elimination Chamber rematch. Back to commercial.
Back from the break and out comes Mickie James. They lock up and go at it to start. They trade holds and break. Mickie blows a kiss to Becky. Becky takes Mickie to the mat but they get right up. Becky takes them down again. Becky keeps Mickie grounded now. Becky keeps control and bridges for a 2 count. Becky focuses on the arm but Mickie makes it to the ropes. The referee gets between them and Mickie goes for a cheap shot but Becky blocks it. Becky with a roll up for 2. More back and forth as Becky sends Mickie to the floor for a breather. Mickie comes in with a knee to the gut to turn it around. Becky drops them with an uppercut and hits two arm drags to take them back to the mat and work on the arm.
Becky ends up sending Mickie to the floor with a springboard side kick. Becky goes to the floor but they collide with a double clothesline and both go down. Back to commercial.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
May 2 U.S. fertilizer maker Mosaic Co reported a quarterly loss compared to a year-ago profit, partly hurt by lower phosphate and potash prices and an ammonia plant outage.
Mosaic reported a net loss attributable to the company of $900,000, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of $256.8 million, a year earlier.
On a per-share basis, the company broke even in the latest quarter, compared with a 73 cents profit last year.
Mosaic recorded a $1 million charge in the quarter, compared with a $169 million gain, a year earlier.
Net sales of the world's largest producer of finished phosphate products fell 5.7 percent to $1.58 billion. (Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
(Repeats Sunday story with no changes)
* HK home prices up 364 pct since 2003, incomes up just 61 pct
* Typical HK apartment costs 18.1 times gross median income
* Mainland developers increasingly outbid locals for land
* Mainland developers account for 44 pct total deal value
By Clare Jim and Venus Wu
HONG KONG, April 9 A pledge by Hong Kong's incoming leader Carrie Lam to make the city's vertiginous property prices more affordable could founder on the bottomless pockets of mainland Chinese developers, who are bidding up the price of land.
Home prices in Hong Kong have jumped 364 percent since 2003, while the median monthly household income has risen just 61 percent, pushing home ownership out of reach for many.
While the mass protests that paralysed parts of Hong Kong for 79 days in 2014 were primarily about demands for full democracy from Beijing, many were also motivated by the rising cost of living in the city, and the cost of accommodation in particular.
A typical Hong Kong apartment costs 18.1 times gross annual median income, according to research group Demographia, and the city topped its survey of the world's most expensive places for accommodation for the seventh straight year. Second-placed Sydney was a long way behind on 12.2.
"Anything over a multiple of 5.1 is usually deemed as being 'severely unaffordable'," said Denis Ma, JLL's Head of Research in Hong Kong.
With most of the city's more than 7 million citizens living in cramped apartments - some no bigger than a parking space - Lam, who takes over as chief executive on July 1, is aiming to tackle the problem by increasing housing and land supply.
But Alice Mak, head of the Hong Kong legislature's housing panel, said the influx of capital from mainland developers will make Lam's job very difficult.
"When there's overseas capital investment in Hong Kong, it will stimulate the local property market. If the government wants the housing market to grow at a stable rate, this will be a very big challenge for them," Mak said.
Chinese companies successfully bid for six out of 27 plots of land sold by the government in the fiscal year starting April 2016, Lands Department data shows, but in money terms they accounted for 44 percent of total transactions.
In the previous fiscal year, Chinese firms paid more on land deals than their Hong Kong competitors, taking up 55 percent of the value and nearly half of the land sold.
IMPOSSIBLE DREAM?
Mainland developer KWG Property, which won a plot of residential land for a record price co-bidding with Logan Property, said lower lending rates and taxes make development in Hong Kong more profitable than in China.
"There's still a gap between 'flour and bread prices' in Hong Kong, but in China the prices are basically the same, so I boldly predict that more and more Chinese developers will come to Hong Kong to buy land in the future," KWG chairperson Kong Jian Min told an earnings conference last month.
The direct impact of this influx on home prices is stark in the Kai Tak district, overlooking Victoria Harbour. Prices there rose as much as 50 percent in less than a year, consultancy JLL said, after Chinese conglomerate HNA Group bought four land parcels in the past five months at eye-popping prices.
Hong Kong's homegrown property companies are being edged out of their own market and are looking overseas to do business.
Local developer David Chiu, chairperson of Far East Consortium International, said they had become increasingly disheartened after seeing their company's auction bids fall below the average.
"In the past there were 20 developers fighting for land, but now with Chinese developers joining, it means another 20 more," they told a conference in February, adding that they were glad their company had already invested elsewhere and had plans to expand in the UK and Australia.
"I think it'll be very difficult for Hong Kong's small and medium developers to win a tender; it wouldn't surprise me if Hong Kong developers became landlords relying only on rental income (from commercial properties) after 10 years," they said.
Lam has already conceded in an interview with the Hong Kong Economic Journal there is nothing they can do to stop outside capital competing in the land bids.
Even established professionals say buying a home is an increasingly daunting prospect and doubt that government will succeed in holding down prices.
"They won't be able to help us," said 30-year-old accountant Mok Ho-man.
"Buying a flat is not an impossible dream ... but it will only get more and more difficult."
(Reporting By Clare Jim and Venus Wu; Additional reporting by Katy Wong; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Will Waterman)
FILE PHOTO: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma reacts during the launch of a social housing project in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Rogan Ward/File Photo
JOHANNESBURG South African President Jacob Zuma had briefed top officials at the African National Congress in December of their decision to dismiss former finance minister Pravin Gordhan, but the leaders persuaded them to delay the sacking, a top ANC official said.
Speaking at a media briefing after two days of meetings by the party's top officials, Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte said on Wednesday Zuma had told the officials that their relationship with Gordhan had broken down.
Duarte also said Zuma would meet with the party's integrity commission on April 9, but did not give details.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Larry King)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
BRIEF-Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals seeks trading halt
* Seeks trading halt pending review status of its current clinical trial in allergic rhinitis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHELFIELD GREEN, England Seventeen years after breaking their neck and being told they would never ride again, double Olympic show jumping champion Nick Skelton is finally heading into retirement.
"I've had a good innings, and got out in one piece," the 59-year-old Briton said at their stables, set in the Warwickshire countryside near William Shakespeare's birthplace of Stratford-upon-Avon.
Only just, one might add. The 2012 Olympic team gold medallist and 2016 individual jumping winner will carry with them the scars of battle when they and horse Big Star bow out at the Royal Windsor Horse Show on May 14.
"I broke my neck in 2000. I've broken my leg, my collarbone I think twice, I've broken my hand, I've had a hip replacement, two knee surgeries, shoulder rotator cuff repair and a bicep reattached," Skelton told Reuters.
"Apart from that, that's all.
"You actually don't normally get this sort of injuries in show jumping. I don't think (57-year-old Olympic compatriot) Michael Whitaker has ever broken anything. I've just been unlucky, I suppose."
Skelton can also count themselves extraordinarily lucky after suffering a career-threatening fall just before the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
They had to wear a head brace for four months and doctors found they had severed a ligament between their spinal cord and brain. Skelton was 42 and riding horses the only life they knew.
"Many of the surgeons I saw said I was lucky to even get up, really," they said, defining their return as a combination of stubborn and bloody-minded determination.
"It never crossed my mind to think ‘Oh god, make sure I don't fall. I'll do myself in again.' When you think like that is the time when you should stop anyway," they said. "You have to give it all or nothing."
RIGHT TIME
 They are one who has given it all with the former 'bad boy' of show jumping, their exploits chronicled in a 2001 autobiography 'Only Falls and Horses', departing as a national treasure.
When tennis world number one and Wimbledon winner Andy Murray won last year's BBC Sports Personality of the Year award, they revealed that even their wife Kim had voted for the show jumper.
Skelton's back has long been a problem and the oldest British Olympic medallist since 1908 joked that sponsor Land Rover are not as long in the tooth as him.
"I just think it's the right time to retire, at the top with the horse in good shape," they said. "He can have a good retirement and go to stud and I shall continue with the young horses and riding.
"People said in Rio ‘So you'll make Tokyo (2020) now with him' but he'd be 17 years old and a lot of things can go wrong in four years," added Skelton.
"I just thought 17 is really too old for a horse to compete at that top level. It's not impossible but it's highly unlikely and I'd be 62 or 63 so that's definitely pushing the boundaries a bit."
In Big Star -- "very intelligent, huge amounts of ability, very brave" -- Skelton had a horse they could trust with their life.
"That's the thing. That's also a factor," they said. "I don't think I'm ever going to find one like them again. I've never seen one as good as him."
The sport, too, has changed since the days when tabloid media highlighted clashes with rivals -- including being punched out cold by show jumping great Harvey Smith, now a good friend.
"I was a kid, and kids are cheeky aren't they. And that's what I was in those days. Probably got put in my place," recalled Skelton.
"You see these riders now in the gym every morning. Before, they never did. They'd be in the bar most of the time and just get out and do the job. You could get away with it in those days, you can't now.
"They always say the old times were the best, but they probably were."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
FILE PHOTO: Tony Hayward responds to questions during a panel debate at the Institute of Directors annual convention in London, Britain, September 27, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Genel Energy (GENL.L) is set to lose its finance chief while still struggling to find a replacement for Chairman Tony Hayward, sources told Reuters, increasing pressure on the company after a second revision to its Kurdish oil reserves sent its shares sliding this week.
Together with the collapse in oil prices since 2014, the former leader among international oil and gas exploration and production companies today faces a huge challenge as it shifts its focus to supplying gas to Turkey.
Hayward, a former head of BP (BP.L) and one of Genel's co-founders, is planning to step down in June, but the succession issue remains open, with former BG Group boss Chris Finlayson no longer in the running, industry and company sources said.
Two other candidates are being considered and the new chairperson is expected to be announced at Genel's annual general meeting next month. Reuters first reported on Hayward's planned departure last September.
CFO Ben Monaghan, a former senior banker who joined Genel in 2015, is expected to leave after Hayward's departure but before the end of the year.
A Genel spokesperson said the company considers succession planning carefully to ensure a smooth transition of key roles but that no decision has been made on the timing of any such transitions.‎
Hayward, who drew heavy criticism over their handling of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico while heading BP, next plans to set up a new oil and gas company focused on Latin America, sources have said.
Genel shares extended losses on Wednesday with a fall of 9.2 percent to 57.37 pence at 1404 GMT.
The company's market value had collapsed to a record low on Tuesday after announcing its second downward revision of how much crude oil is held by its flagship Taq Taq field in Kurdistan.
Since listing in 2011 and claiming to be the largest independent UK-listed oil producer by reserves, Genel has been hit by a string of unsuccessful exploration campaigns in Africa and payment delays from the Kurdish Regional Government.
Over the past year Genel has shifted much of its focus to development of the Miran and Bina Bawi gas fields in Kurdistan. It aims to sell the gas into Turkey, one of the world's fastest-growing markets, and is looking for a Turkish partner to develop the assets.
"We need to find the right successor for Tony and move on and relaunch the company," a senior Genel source said.
(Editing by David Goodman)
LOS ANGELES: James Harden scored 36 points as the Houston Rockets moved to the brink of a Western Conference first round playoff series victory with a 119-100 rout of the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday (Tuesday in Manila).
Harden underscored their status as front-runner for the NBA's Most Valuable Player award after leading a stunning third quarter performance that saw the Rockets explode for an astonishing 50 points.
That devastating burst of scoring — a franchise record — included 22 points from Harden as the Rockets transformed what had been a one-point contest at half-time into a comfortable victory.
“We hit the switch that we've been trying to hit since the beginning of the playoffs, at both ends of the court,” a satisfied Harden said afterwards.
“It's pretty scary what we're capable of when we're locked in defensively like that and when we get rolling offensively.”
The win gave Houston a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series, giving the Western Conference leaders a chance to book their place in the second round of the playoffs with a victory at home in game five on Wednesday.
The smart money will be on Houston to wrap up the series quickly after Monday's demolition job at Minnesota's Target Center arena.
“It was a great (third) quarter for us,” Harden said. “It gave us the belief. Now we go back to the crib and try to finish it off.”
While Harden's virtuoso third quarter performance ultimately decided the contest, the Rockets will also take heart from an offensive display that saw five players finish with double-digit points tallies.
Point guard Chris Paul weighed in with 25 points — including 15 in the lop-sided third quarter — while Eric Gordon had 18 and Trevor Ariza 15.
Center Clint Capela finished with 14 points, and also pulled down 17 rebounds during their 31 minutes on court.
The Timberwolves' scoring was led by Karl-Anthony Towns with 22 points, while Jimmy Butler (19) and Derrick Rose (17) also made significant contributions.
Utah on brink
Minnesota had looked capable of snaring a series-leveling victory after a close first half, in which the Rockets took a 50-49 lead at the break.
But Houston's scorching 50-point third quarter saw the Rockets head into the fourth quarter with a 100-69 lead.
While Minnesota closed the gap as Houston eased up, the Rockets never looked like surrendering the initiative, keeping the Timberwolves at arm's length as they closed out the win.
In Monday's other game, the Utah Jazz moved to within one win of clinching their series against the Oklahoma City Thunder with a convincing 113-96 win in Salt Lake City.
Rookie star Donovan Mitchell made the decisive contribution for Utah with 33 points as Russell Westbrook and Paul George's Thunder came unstuck.
Utah now lead 3-1 heading into game five in Oklahoma City on Wednesday.
All five Utah starters made double figures as the Jazz overturned a 30-24 first quarter deficit to tilt the contest in their favour in the second and third periods, outscoring the Thunder 66-43.
George led the scoring for Oklahoma City with 32 points while Westbrook had 23 points and 14 rebounds. Carmelo Anthony finished with 11 points on a night when the Thunder's offense was effectively contained.
Utah's Spanish international Ricky Rubio saluted the performance of Mitchell, who belied their age with a composed performance.
“He's playing amazing,” Rubio said. “He doesn't seem like a rookie at all. It's fun to see it, and it's fun to help them get better.”
The 27-year-old Rubio, who finished with 13 points, also said the collective defense had helped subdue the potent Oklahoma City line-up.
“We play as a team,” Rubio said. “We did a pretty good job of containing the ball tonight; but winning is the most important thing. We're here to win games.”
AFP
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 9 (Reuters) -
* Mondelez International is preparing to look for a successor to its CEO Irene Rosenfeld- WSJ,citing sources
* Mondelez board has discussed external candidates who could replace Rosenfeld-WSJ,citing sources Source on.wsj.com/2nRuunL
March 28LVenture Group:
* Reported on Tuesday FY revenue 1.7 million euros ($1.84 million) versus pro-forma revenue of 0.9 million euros a year ago
* FY net loss 1.9 million euros versus pro-forma net loss 1.2 million euros a year ago
* Expects total investments of about 12 million euros for the plan period 2017-2020
* Sees revenue of about 5 million euros in 2020
* Sees positive net profit starting from 2018
* Sees dividend pay out of 50 pct of profit starting from 2019
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9258 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Film director RJ Bond poses for a photograph as they talk about their upcoming documentary entitled 'Tupac Assassination: Battle for Compton' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Film director RJ Bond poses for a photograph as they talk about their upcoming documentary entitled 'Tupac Assassination: Battle for Compton' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Film director RJ Bond poses for a photograph as they talk about their upcoming documentary entitled 'Tupac Assassination: Battle for Compton' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Film director RJ Bond poses for a photograph as they talk about their upcoming documentary entitled 'Tupac Assassination: Battle for Compton' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
NEW YORK Tupac Shakur's recording career lasted just five years before they were murdered in 1996, but it is the rapper's influence from beyond the grave that will be celebrated when they are inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Friday.
Arguably bigger in death than they were in life, Shakur will be only the sixth rap act to be voted into the Hall of Fame in its 30-year history.
The Hall of Fame described them as "an international symbol of resistance and outlaw spirit, an irresistible contradiction, a definitive rap anti-hero."
That is a big claim for the Harlem-born son of two Black Panther activists who spent time in jail for assault and released just four albums before being killed at age 25 in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas that has never been resolved.
Rap too has evolved, becoming the second most popular music genre in the United States after rock, reflecting and challenging social inequities in its lyrics and music videos, and inspiring symposiums at prestigious universities such as Harvard.
Shakur has sold 75 million albums, mostly from seven posthumous releases, and although their sales figures will never match those of 21st century hip hop kings like Drake, Kanye West and The Weeknd, their influence remains profound.
"For anyone who is serious about learning hip hop, there are certain people whose music you have to deal with and Tupac is one of those people. You can't say you are knowledgeable about hip hop if you don't know about Tupac," said Todd Boyd, professor of cinema and media studies at the University of Southern California.
HOLOGRAMS AND HOLLYWOOD
Boyd was one of the academics who first created the study of hip hop culture in the American university system in the early 1990s when it was often demonized by politicians for promoting violence and misogyny.
They said Shakur had an emotional energy that distinguished them from many of their contemporaries and transcended their skills as a rapper or a lyricist.
"When you listen to Tupac, you feel something. They have a strong emotional impact that I think speaks to the fact that here was a guy who, in my mind, was going perhaps to be a better actor than rapper, had they lived," Boyd said.
Shakur's "appearance" in a hologram at the Coachella music festival in 2012 sent sales of their music soaring. They have also been the subject of several documentaries, a Broadway play, a June movie release "All Eyez on Me" and an upcoming TV series on Shakur and their friend-turned-rival Biggie Smalls.
"Everybody loves a mystery. That's a huge part of the mythos that surrounds their death, that it's unsolved," said Richard "RJ" Bond, who in March released "Tupac Assassination: The Battle for Compton," their fifth documentary about Shakur.
Other than their murder, the Los Angeles filmmaker believes people gravitate toward Shakur's music today because their observations about politics, the media, the police and relationships are still relevant.
"His themes are timeless and universal. They talked about relationships between sons and parents, between people and governments. What they talked about still resonates with the human condition," Bond said.
Boyd said Shakur does not need induction in the Rock Hall of Fame to confer legitimacy, although the honor is nice for their fans.
"When you listen to hip hop even these days there is still a great deal of reverence for him. And for any member of the community who is young enough not to have been alive when they were around, to go back to their music now is very important to them," Boyd said.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
May 3 Albemarle Corp
* Albemarle reports 10% growth in first quarter 2017 net sales
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.05 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share $0.45
* Q1 sales $722.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $682.6 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.97 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Albemarle Corp - Initiated $250 million accelerated share repurchase program, retiring approximately 1.9 million shares in Q1
* Sees 2017 net sales $2.9 billion - $3.05 billion
* Albemarle Corp - 2017 adjusted EPS outlook $4.20 - $4.40
* FY2017 earnings per share view $4.18, revenue view $2.86 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Albemarle - Lithium and advanced materials reported net sales of $284.4 million in Q1 of 2017, an increase of 31.5% from Q1 2016 net sales of $216.2 million
* Albemarle Corp - Raising annual guidance
* Bromine Specialties reported net sales of $219.2 million in Q1 of 2017, an increase of 11.5% from Q1 2016 net sales of $196.6 million
* Albemarle Corp - Refining solutions reported net sales of $185.4 million in Q1 of 2017, an increase of 8.7% from net sales of $170.6 million in Q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Highlights Cherry tomatoes grow in many colours including black, yellow, and green
These need to be stored in room temperature away from sunlight
They need at least one week for ripening
garden where you grow herbs and without any harmful pesticides? It's never too late to start. Let's start with one of the tastiest small fruits. Any guesses which fruit it is? I am talking ‘Cherry Tomatoes' and yes, cherry tomatoes are technically a fruit.Cherry tomatoes grow in many colours including black, yellow, and green. They are pretty good nutritionally speaking as well - they do not contain any fats, which is a plus point for all fitness fanatics. Moreover, cherry tomatoes contain 4g of carbohydrates per serving and a small amount of iron as well. The carbohydrates in cherry tomatoes help meet your energy needs. A serving of 5 contains 20 calories, but don't drop your jaw because these calories are from largely proteins. Cherry tomatoes are also rich in vitamin A which helps maintain eye health and boost your immune system. They are eaten as a fruit and even used in salads, fruit chaats and dishes like Creamy Tomato Spaghetti, Creamy Cherry Tomatoes and Olives, Herbal Macaroni Salad, Mozzarella Cheese Cherry Tomatoes and Basil Hot Dog Roll, Pineapple Cucumber Salad , Samosa Kadhi Chaat and many more.
Most varieties of cherry tomatoes sold in the market may be sprayed with pesticides making them unhealthy for consumption. Organic Cherry Tomatoes are obviously natural and safer to eat as they do have any pesticide residues.
Cherry tomatoes contain lycopene, an antioxidant that lowers your risk of certain diseases caused by cellular damage. The compounds in cherry tomatoes might offer protection against osteoporosis, skin damage caused by ultraviolet light and brain disorders . Cherry tomatoes add potassium to our diet which is an electrolyte mineral that keeps electricity flowing throughout your body. These need to be stored in room temperature away from sunlight and should be used within 1 week of ripening. It is not advisable to refrigerate them.Drill ¼- to ½-inch holes every few inches around the bottom edge of your container and plus another few in the center bottom so excess water can drain.Pick a location where the plant will get at least 8 hours of direct sun each day. You can skip the tomato cage, if you have a spot close to a balcony or railing, which you can use to support the tomato vines.If using a tomato cage insert the pointy end into the planter, and then fill the planter with soil mix.Water until the soil mix is evenly moist. Top it off with a little more soil mix, so it comes to about ½ inch below the rim of the planter.Dig a small hole in the center of the planting mix. Carefully remove your tomato plant from its original and slide it into the hole, planting it deep enough so only the top four to six leaves show once you cover it back up with potting mix.Water every two or three days to keep the soil evenly moist (in hot, dry weather you may need to water every day). Feed your plant organic fertilizer according to directions.As the plant grows, the branches will start to poke through the holes in your tomato cage. Push them back inside so the plant doesn't droop.Keep Planting. Go Green.
The House wants to protect children, but children and their families will be collateral. As the saying goes: "The road to Hell is paved with good intentions."
While we panic over Russia and President Donald Trump's administration, the House of Representatives is hard at work on new destructive policies. A severely misguided bill, that surprisingly bridged party divides, recently passed the House with only 53 Democrats and two Republicans voting in opposition to it. Depending on how the Senate votes, this new legislation could criminalize sexting amongst teens.
Uncontroversially titled "The Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017," the bill proposes to “criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for other purposes.” In short, teens caught sexting could face a mandatory minimum of 15 years in jail, and so could their parents.
The proposal states that “any parent, legal guardian, or person having custody or control of a minor” who “knowingly permits such minor to engage in, or to assist any other person to engage in, sexually explicit conduct knowing that a visual depiction of such conduct will be produced or transmitted shall be punished."
The language of the bill is incredibly vague, particularly the term "knowingly permits." Without any further specifications, any parent aware of their child engaging in sexting who does not then take their phone and remove their internet access could be sentenced to the mandatory minimum. This attacks the right of parents to make their own decisions when it comes to their child, for there are certainly those who may decide to approach their child's sexting using methods other than censorship and isolation.
Point-blank: This bill is insane. It originated as an attempt to curb predators and child pornography, but how destroying families will help do this is beyond us.
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-TX) has called the proposal "deadly and counterproductive." They conceded that, "While the bill is well intended, it is overbroad in scope and will punish the very people it indicates it is designed to protect: our children."
Lee also said that the act would "exacerbate overwhelming concerns with the unfair and unjust mandatory minimum sentencing that contributes to the overcriminalization of juveniles and mass incarceration generally."
Rep. Bobby Scott (D-VA) stated during a debate on the House floor that one of the most disturbing things about this new legislation is how it would impose equal mandatory minimums on an attempt or a conspiracy.
“That means if a teenager attempts to obtain a photo of sexually explicit conduct by requesting it from their teenage girlfriend, the judge must sentence that teenager to prison for at least 15 years for making such an attempt,” Scott explained to fellow lawmakers. “If a teenager goads a friend to ask a teenager to take a sexually explicit image of herself, just by asking, they could be guilty of conspiracy or attempt, and the judge must sentence that teenager to at least 15 years in prison.”
If this bill passes the Senate its ramifications would be devastating. Supporters of the proposal say that it would not have as harsh of an impact as its opponents believe because individual cases would be left to the discretion of the judge, but that's putting a lot of faith in a legal system that fails many. While the act would certainly prosecute some terrible people, it has the disturbing potential to throw good people under the bus.
What Congress should be doing is educating families on how to foster positive sexuality in their children and encourage them to be responsible and respectful. Congress should be an ally to parents who are working hard to raise their children into healthy adults and pass policies that provide them with the tools to do so instead of inserting the government squarely into the living rooms of families.
Lib Dem leader quits, says can't lead party and be a Christian
LONDON Tim Farron, the leader of the pro-European Union Liberal Democrat Party, resigned on Wednesday saying questions about their Christian faith ahead of last week's election meant they felt it was impossible to continue in the role.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Geopolitics mutes trading volume, underpins risk-off mood
* BHP faces activist pressure from Elliott
* French election risks resurface
* FACTBOX on market views & French elections
* Oil up 1 pct as Syria, Libya oilfield shutdown support prices
By Vikram Subhedar
LONDON, April 10 Muted trading volumes across many financial assets on Monday and the dollar rising to a three-week high underscored investor caution against making big bets in the face of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula.
It is also a holiday-shortened week in much of the West.
Stock futures on Wall Street were up 0.1 percent.
The dollar inched higher drawing support from U.S. rate hike expectations while global stocks, reaching the point where some see them as expensive, were stuck in neutral ahead of U.S. earnings season this week.
European stocks were off 0.1 percent with industrials and energy sectors the biggest drags. Shares of mining major BHP Billiton were up more than 3 percent, however, after activist hedge fund Elliot Management urged the company to pursue a spin-off of its U.S. business.
The company, in a statement, said the costs involved with Elliott's proposals outweigh their benefits.
The increased geopolitical risks continued to spur investors to move into safer assets such as government debt.
Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea.
"Given that geopolitical tensions escalated last week, it is reasonable to expect a shift in favour of the US dollar, at least in the short-term," analysts at Rabobank said in a note.
The euro edged lower and France's borrowing costs hit their highest level over Germany in six weeks as investors fretted over the rise of far-left candidate Jean Luc Melenchon in polls before this month's presidential vote.
Melenchon's emergence over the past week has raised the possibility that they will square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the decisive second round in May, making the final result far more unpredictable.
France's bond yield spread over Germany hit 70 basis points in early trading on Monday, its highest since Feb. 27 ,.
"The market is focusing a bit too much on the extreme possibilities, but I guess with the elections coming up so soon some nerves are inevitable," said DZ Bank strategist Christian Lenk. "But at the end of the day I think (the second round) will be Macron versus Le Pen."
Global stocks have traded flat over the past month after the 10 percent rise since last November's lows took valuations above long-term averages. The MSCI AC World index trades at 16 times forward earnings, compared to a 15-year average of about 14 times.
In commodities, oil prices rose nearly 1 percent supported by strong demand and uncertainty over the conflict in Syria and another shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were up 55 cents at $55.79 per barrel.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 50 cents at $52.75 a barrel. (Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
BEIJING, April 2 China is banning new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Hebei province.
Government officials alerted developers and agents of the halt at emergency meetings on Sunday morning in Hebei's Xiongxian and Anxin counties, according to the National Business Daily.
Officials had already been investigating some real estate sales operations in the region, the report said.
Over a dozen Chinese cities have imposed fresh curbs on home purchases in recent weeks in a bid to cool off heated prices, after the property market largely shrugged off earlier measures.
Frenzied buying has spilled over from big cities into nearby satellite cities where price rises had been more modest.
The new special economic zone, dubbed the Xiongan New Area, was announced on Saturday and covers 100 square kilometres, with plans to extend it to 2,000 square kilometres.
China is hoping to mimic the rapid growth seen following the establishment of a similar zone in Shenzhen in 1980.
It is also part of a wider project to integrate the economies of Hebei, Tianjin and Beijing.
The proposed special economic zone is about 100 km (60 miles) southwest of Beijing. (Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Kim Coghill)
HONG KONG, April 6 IMAX China Holding Inc , which operates and installs cinema systems, said on Thursday two private equity investors had sold an aggregate 5.9 percent stake to a "prominent" international investment bank, helping to increase liquidity in the market.
The subsidiary of large-format movie and cinema screen giant IMAX Corp said CMC Capital Partners and FountainVest Partners sold the company shares at HK$39.72 apiece, without giving further details.
CMC will remain a key partner of the company and a strategic investor in the IMAX China Film Fund and IMAX VR Fund, the Hong Kong-listed firm said.
Shares of IMAX China, which has a market value of $1.92 billion, rose 4.5 percent to close at HK$41.80 on Wednesday.
In February, the film company reported a steep fall in profits for 2016 amid a slump in Chinese box-office sales, underlining the challenge filmmakers and cinema operators face in the world's second-largest economy.
($1 = 7.7692 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Richard Pullin)
With only eight weeks of supply remaining Hawke's Bay has the lowest level of housing inventory in the country, real estate figures show.
But industry leaders say the region's property market shows no signs of slowing.
Yesterday the Real Estate Institute of New Zealand (REINZ) released its latest data, which showed national median house prices had risen 6.7 per cent to $540,000 in the year to last month.
This was said to have been led by strong regional growth, with Hawke's Bay median prices
rising $52,000, or 16 per cent compared with May last year.
Advertisement
Prices rose 33 per cent in Wairoa, 17 per cent in Hastings, and 13 per cent in Napier.
However, sales volumes fell by 13 per cent in the year to May, with Hawke's Bay now having the lowest level of inventory across New Zealand with just two months of supply.
REINZ chief executive Bindi Norwell said continual tight inventory across the region was restricting vendors from selling, for fear of not being able to buy replacement properties.
"The number of properties for sale across the region has fallen by more than 150 compared to May 2016 and the level of supply is the lowest in the country," they said.
"Out-of-town and cash buyers are being successful while first-home buyers and investors struggle with changes in industry criteria."
But local real estate leaders are saying that although supply is more limited than in the past, the demand is still there.
Tremains managing director Simon Tremain said they were "pretty disappointed" with the lower volume of sales.
However, they said, Hawke's Bay's market was still buoyant, with lots of properties still being listed.
"There's definitely no slow-down in demand," they said. "Buyers are out there and are getting good prices."
Ray White managing director Elanor MacDonald said interest was still high with "unprecedented numbers going through open homes and properties".
Some were being visited by more than 50 groups - something they had not seen since 2003 - and interested buyers were a mixture of out-of-towners, first-home buyers and local residents.
"There's just a lot of them, and we haven't got enough properties."
Unlike in Auckland, where sale prices "went through the roof" due to limited supply, buyers were still taking a "measured approach" when purchasing property, they said.
REINZ reported that compared with April, last month Hawke's Bay's median price fell $12,500, or 3 per cent. Prices were steady in Napier, but fell 6 per cent in Hastings and 10 per cent in Central Hawke's Bay.
On a seasonally adjusted basis the median rose 2 per cent compared with April, indicating the fall in prices was less than expected.
In the year to May 2017 sales volumes fell by 6 per cent in Napier, 16 per cent in Hastings and 30 per cent in Central Hawke's Bay.
On a seasonally adjusted basis sales for May fell 13 per cent compared with April, "indicating the lift in sales was far weaker than expected for May".
The median number of days to sell improved by two days compared with April, to 30 days in May. The number of days to sell eased by one day compared with May last year.
April 28 Flexion Therapeutics Inc
* Flexion Therapeutics - in analysis of pooled phase 2/3 data, Zilretta (FX006) demonstrated clinically meaningful pain relief, unctional improvement
* Flexion - separate phase 2 study shows prolonged synovial localization, diminished systemic exposure of corticosteroid with zilretta versus. steroid injections
* Flexion Therapeutics Inc - authors examined improvements in pain and function using pooled data from three phase 2 and 3 randomized trials
* Flexion Therapeutics - pooled data from 3 phase 2, 3 randomized trials individually demonstrated statistically significant reductions in weekly mean scores of ADP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
ORIENTAL, N.C. (WNCT) – Three men are facing drug charges related to cocaine.
Their arrests follow a traffic stop and subsequent search of an Oriental home. It happened Thursday.
Deputies said they found five ounces of cocaine, drug paraphernalia, and about $12,000 in cash at the home of 27-year-old Cameron Brown. He's now charged with possession with intent to sell or deliver cocaine, selling or delivering cocaine, maintain a dwelling for the sale of controlled substance, 2 counts of trafficking cocaine, and manufacture cocaine. They were placed under a $250,000 secured bond.
They also charged 41-year-old Montracies Styron with possession with intent to sell or deliver cocaine, child abuse, and possessing drug paraphernalia as well as 44-year-old Eric Miller with possession with intent to sell or deliver cocaine. Their bonds were set at $50,000 secured, each.
FILE PHOTO: A 3D-printed logo for Twitter is seen in this picture illustration made in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina on January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc is expanding its live broadcasting portfolio with 12 new offerings that include WNBA games, a 24-hour Bloomberg News network and a show about gadgets from the tech news website The Verge, the company said on Monday.
Twitter, which has struggled to win a major share of online advertising, planned to present its plans at a conference in New York City organized by the Interactive Advertising Bureau, a digital ad trade group.
Shares of the San Francisco-based company jumped 6.4 percent earlier on Monday to close at $17.54 after the Wall Street Journal reported on plans for the Bloomberg News network, pleasing some investors who had wanted more exclusive live content on Twitter.
The WNBA women's basketball league will live-stream a regular-season game weekly on Twitter starting this month and continuing through the 2017, 2018 and 2019 seasons, Twitter said in a statement.
Other new sports-related programs will include a 360-degree video of the 17th hole at the PGA's Players Championship golf tournament this month, and a weekly, live Major League Baseball show that has highlights and commentary. Twitter is already showing one Major League game a week this season.
Music-promoter Live Nation Entertainment Inc will stream some concerts, beginning this month with a show by Grammy-winning country performers Zac Brown Band, Twitter said.
BuzzFeed News will broadcast a morning show on Twitter for an audience "that wakes up hungry" for trending tweets, and video news start-up Cheddar will stream an "opening bell" show each morning from the New York Stock Exchange.
Terms of the various deals were not disclosed.
Twitter Chief Operating Officer Anthony Noto said in a statement: "Adding these 12 new live deals tonight is a testament to the success of our only-on-Twitter experience, combining high quality streaming video with our only-on-Twitter conversation."
Reuters, a unit of Thomson Reuters Corp, competes with Bloomberg News in providing financial news and data.
Twitter suffered a setback last month when it lost a deal to live-stream National Football League games to Amazon.com Inc.
(Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
April 10 Ski resorts operator Aspen Skiing Co LLC and private equity firm KSL Capital Partners LLC will buy Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc for about $1.5 billion, including debt, Intrawest said on Monday.
Intrawest's best known ski properties include Stratton Mountain in Vermont, Mont Tremblant in Quebec and Steamboat in Colorado.
It also owns mountain resorts, adventure retreats and real estate across the United States and Canada.
Citing sources, Reuters reported on Sunday that Intrawest would announce its sale on Monday to a ski resort operator backed by buyout firm KSL Capital. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Singapore private home sales in May fall 3.2 pct y/y
SINGAPORE, June 15 Sales in Singapore of private homes by developers fell in May from a year earlier, government data showed on Thursday.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
Soldiers walk during a change of guard outside the Convent building in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
A tourist watches monkeys on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
LONDON Many people were left scratching their heads at the row that exploded at the weekend over the post-Brexit future of Gibraltar, Britain's rocky outpost to the south of Spain, which culminated in one ex-minister even suggesting Britain would be ready to go to war to defend it.
It was all triggered by a line in the EU's Brexit negotiating mandate that states explicitly that "no agreement between the EU and the United Kingdom may apply to the territory of Gibraltar without the agreement between the Kingdom of Spain and the United Kingdom".
But this is only a statement of existing reality. All 27 EU states will have a veto on whatever the future trading status of Britain (and bits of it) with the EU. If anything, the line was more intended as an encouragement to Madrid not to use the main Brexit negotiations to push its claim on Gibraltar.
Still, that was enough for an outburst of often jingoistic soundbites from London politicians that were lapped up by the Sunday newspapers - an early foretaste of what to expect once the Brexit negotiations actually start in earnest from late-May.
As expected, Serbian premier Aleksandar Vucic won Sunday's presidential election by a huge margin, confirming their domination of the Balkan country as they pursue a delicate balancing act between Europe and Russia.
Normally the Serbian presidency is a largely ceremonial post but Vucic has let it be known that expect to retain de facto power through their control of Serbia's ruling Progressive Party. Critics say Vucic's rule has become increasingly authoritarian and raise concerns about media bias in their favour. Yet their supporters - and, more reluctantly, even some EU officials - note that they are at least a factor for stability in the region.
MARKETS AT 0755 GMT
As April and the second quarter gets underway, world markets retain their positive tone but with a clear yearning for the next impulse.
With the legislative push of the new U.S. administration having stalled somewhat and Easter recesses due over the coming weeks, this week's theme has shifted to trade and Thursday/Friday's summit between U.S. President Trump and China's President Xi. For markets focused on growth, trade and regional geopolitics tend to be the darker side of the Trump agenda and their comments on Monday about the United States going it alone in dealing with North Korea's nuclear threat if China won't speak to those nerves.
The thorny issue of so-called currency manipulation and reports of intensified studies in DC into what the U.S. can do to reduce its trade deficit will get plenty of air this week too.
On top of that, Monday brings the first day of the European Central Bank's effective tapering of its monthly bond-buying programme to 60 billion a month from 80 billion. ECB officials will try to soften the punch by insisting the bank's monetary policy will remain loose even if the need for more easing has ebbed.
The release of global manufacturing surveys for March, where China's official PMI out earlier hit its highest reading since 2012, are set to show continuing growth if not necessarily any major acceleration in the global picture. And that last point is something JPMorgan's market strategists have as their theme for the week – a slight shift in tactical asset allocation to a world of ‘stable growth' where the reflation trade may have stalled but not reversed. For JPM, this means seeking out more high yield debt plays in the corporate and emerging market space that tend to benefit from that scenario.
After a down day for Wall Street equities on Friday, April saw a mostly positive start across Asia bourses overnight and European equities are expected to open higher too. The dollar index and U.S. Treasury yields are a fraction higher, but euro/dollar is firmer too about $1.0660 . Brent crude is higher above $53. Sterling is lower but holds above $1.25.
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
WASHINGTON, April 6 URS Federal Services Inc has been awarded an estimated $3.6 billion indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity U.S. defense contract for remotely piloted aircraft services, the Pentagon said on Thursday.
Leidos, AASKI Technologies Inc and Textron unit AAI Corp will share in a $900 million firm-fixed-price contract for technical services and field support in support of Product Office Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems, the Pentagon said in a statement.
Hologic Inc has been awarded a maximum $721 million firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for radiology systems, accessories and training, the statement said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech)
WASHINGTON, March 31 U.S. farmers plan to seed a record amount of soybean acreage this spring, even with supplies trending near all-time highs, the government said on Friday.
Growers will dial back their corn seedings this spring despite signs of firm demand as record stocks have cast a bearish tone over the futures and cash markets this year, threatening profitability for farmers.
The U.S. Agriculture Department said in its prospective plantings report that U.S. soybean plantings were expected at 89.482 million acres. If realized, that would top last year's soybean acreage of 83.433 million, which is the biggest to date.
Corn plantings were seen falling 4.3 percent to 89.996 million acres.
Analysts had expected the report to forecast soybean seedings of 88.214 million acres and corn seedings of 90.969 million, based on an average of estimates in a Reuters poll.
Wheat seedings were seen at 46.059 million acres, down from 50.154 million and the lowest on record. The average of analysts forecasts was 46.139 million wheat acres.
On the supply front, USDA said that domestic soybean stocks as of March 1 stood at 1.735 billion bushels, the second biggest on record and the biggest March 1 reading since 1.787 billion bushels in 2007. A year ago, soybean stocks were 1.531 billion bushels.
Corn stocks as of March 1 were a record 8.616 billion bushels, topping the 8.248 billion bushels reported in March 1987. A year ago, corn stocks were 7.822 billion bushels.
USDA said that users burned through a record 3.770 billion bushels of corn from Dec. 1 to March 1. The soybean drawdown during that time was 1.164 billion bushels, the third biggest ever but below comparable periods of 2015 and 2016.
Wheat stocks stood at 1.655 billion bushels, the biggest since 1988, and up from 1.372 billion bushels a year ago.
Analysts, on average, had expected soybean stocks of 1.684 billion bushels, corn stocks of 8.534 billion bushels and wheat stocks of 1.627 billion bushels. (Reporting by Mark Weinraub; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Rearing up on its stocky hind legs, snout almost brushing the broad, arching cave roof, the milodon is a mixture of monster and marvel.
Remains of this curious giant sloth were found just outside wind-beaten Chilean pioneer town Puerto Natales, proof the surreal herbivore once roamed Patagonia's vast plains.
Their statue now stands on the spot where remnants were unearthed, and has been attracting intrigued tourists for decades. One such visitor was British writer Bruce Chatwin, whose eventful meanderings at the bottom of the world inspired seminal travel tale In Patagonia, published 40 years ago this month.
Like so many adventurers captivated by the author's descriptions of “vicious” sunsets and “bone-white cliffs with strips of emerald cultivation either side”, I was inspired to explore the land of eccentric sheep farmers and law-breaking gauchos. And being the spark that ignited Chatwin's fiery journey, the Milodon seemed a good starting point.
Tracking down a giant sloth
When Chatwin discovered a scrap of skin belonging to the prehistoric animal, sent by their grandmother's cousin, they embarked on a mission to find the origin of the strange beast. Their investigations led them to the Milodon Cave, a site on Benitez Hill, now accessed by a signposted path, which they described as being untouched and filled with petrified “sloth turds” back then.
Any ancient remnants (and faeces) have since disappeared, but tourists still come here in droves to pose for selfies with a towering replica of the hairy mammal.
Befriending crazy cowboys
Haphazard encounters with eccentric characters energise Chatwin's book, and Patagonia still has a wealth of larger-than-life beings. Men of very few words, surly gauchos wrestle with the weather-savaged steppes, riding wild horses to prove their bravado.
On Cerro Dorotea, the mountainous backdrop to Puerto Natales, I ride horseback to a forest clearing where one flat-capped cowboy is preparing tea. Secluded by a curtain of wispy lime-green lichen, they light up a fire to boil water for their mate, sipped through a metal straw pierced into a gourd.
Around us, trees are bent double by Patagonia's fierce gales, with branches stripped silver and withered, like wasting bones.
Honouring the true pioneers
In the 1900s, brave pioneers arrived with ambitions of taming this land, and their stories fascinated Chatwin. The Singular Patagonia Hotel, a 15-minute drive from Puerto Natales in Puerto Bories, is a testimony to their efforts.
I walk along the skeleton of a train track which once ferried workers to the former meat-packing factory and is now overgrown with frayed tufts of grass, and arrive at a small workshop converted into an asador serving grilled meats.
Beneath a long banqueting table, I dangle my feet in a trough once used by engineers to fix the train carriage chassis, while a stream of crisp empanadas and flame-torched cuts piles up on my plate.
In a room next door, iron smelting rods are propped up against a crumbling brick wall and metal buttons pop from the belly of a bulbous cash register.
Under Pinochet's socialist government in the 1970s, the factory closed and land was redistributed to the working people, but much of the building's facade was preserved and mighty pieces of machinery - proudly bearing stamps of British manufacture - are displayed in a walk-through museum.
Despite the hotel's brick and concrete shell, bedrooms are inviting, with sepia-tone portraits and leather-bound trunks honouring the pioneers' past. The view, though, grabs all attention. On a lake wrapped by mountains, black-necked swans do their best to stay upright as waves slap the worn rungs of a retired jetty.
Patagonia is more popular than ever
A lot has admittedly changed since Chatwin's time - most notably the number of people visiting the area. A 75-minute drive from The Singular, Torres Del Paine National Park is overflowing in the summer peak of December and January. Although there's a cap on camping nights people can spend in the park, the number of day trippers is still alarmingly unlimited.
Following part of the famous W trail to reach the base of the park's three iconic towers, I'm disappointed to find myself in a queue, trying to cross bridges and hike over stony plateaus.
It doesn't detract from the scenery, of course - a chaos of splintered peaks nailing the bruised sky - but it does lead me to believe even wilderness has a rush hour.
Yet so much here has remained the same. Big skies invite clouds to skim the wiry mustard-yellow grasslands, and winds bluster urgently without exhaustion. At times gusts are so strong, it's easy to imagine they were responsible for tossing granite boulders down hillsides where fists of mushrooms punch through the soil and dainty orchids surprisingly flourish.
A lot has happened in 40 years, but time moves differently in Patagonia and, overall, I suspect it's still very much as Chatwin experienced and imagined.
How to get there
Doubles at The Singular Patagonia cost from £317 per night with breakfast. Visit thesingular.com.
KLM flies to Santiago, Chile from £705 return in economy, with regional departures available. Visit klm.com.
The Ultimate Travel Company can tailor-make a holiday to Patagonia. Visit theultimatetravelcompany.co.uk.
Luton skipper Alan Sheehan revealed they had been counting down the days until they could return after their recent three game suspension.
The centre half had been banned for an off-the-ball incident with Lincoln striker Matt Rhead on January 1, and missed matches against Newcastle, Chesterfield and Morecambe.
I'm happy to come back in, it's been, 27 days, I've been counting it down. Alan Sheehan
They were back in the starting line-up at Grimsby on Saturday as Luton, reduced to 10 men after half an hour, battled to a 1-0 win.
Sheehan then played in the 3-2 defeat to Wycombe in midweek, but after the victory over the Mariners, said: “It was straight out of the grill and straight into the oven, it's mad isn't it?
“It's hard, but that's the way it is, no game is going to be easy whether we've got 11 or 10 men.
“I'm happy to come back in, it's been, 27 days, I've been counting it down.
“Come back, clean sheet and a win, thank god, so hopefully that's swept under the carpet now.”
Sheehan certainly had to do their fair share of defending at Blundell Park, but knew just what a crucial result it was for their side's promotion ambitions.
They continued: “We had to dig really deep and it's what this team is capable of doing.
“We battled out a brilliant 1-0 win and I think we can call it that definitely at this time of the season, to dig out a win like that is brilliant.
“It's difficult with 11 men, even more difficult with 10 men, that happens, it's football, those things get thrown at you.
“You've got to respond, you can stand up and be counted, that's exactly what we did.
“I felt quite comfortable, we were very strong defensively, and I thought we were in a good place.
“Ten men obviously makes it hard, we dug in and I'm delighted.”
Despite Cook's red card, Luton didn't close ranks and accept a point, as they still looked for a winner that came from James Collins.
Sheehan added: “I suppose most teams when they go down to 10 men away from home they shut up shop but I don't know if we have that really. We want to win every game and you can't win every game, but we want to win every game.
“Going down to 10 men, we had a chat at half time, then nicked a goal, which was something to hold on to.”
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
LONDON, March 29 German publisher Springer Nature has closed a repricing at the tight end of price talk and increased the size of a euro tranche by €125m to repay a portion of its dollar term loan, at the same time dropping an extension request, banking sources said on Wednesday.
Springer's covenant-lite euro TLB now totals €1.772bn and pays a margin of 325bp over Euribor, with a 0.5% floor at par. The term loan previously paid 350bp over Euribor with a 1% floor.
A US$1.4bn TLB has been reduced by €125m-equivalent. Pricing on that term loan remains the same at 350bp over Libor, with a 1% floor.
Nomura led the deal, which offered lenders 101 soft call for six months.
Springer kept maturities of its euro and dollar term loans and a €250m revolving credit facility at 2020. It initially sought to push maturities out to 2022 offering an OID ranging between 99.875-par.
By extending the term loan, it is expected that Springer would have lost the support of a number of CLOs as the extended loan would have matured beyond the legal maturity of the investment vehicles, the sources said.
Dropping the extension made it easier to push through the lower pricing request, as the borrower could secure support from a larger portion of its investment base, the sources said.
“There was an excuse they didn't want to pay fees to extend the dollars where the market is more difficult but really, it was easier to get the price execution they wanted on a shorter maturity, because they could get support from all funds that wouldn't be there if it was longer dated,” a leveraged loan investor said. “Short maturity on 325bp with a 0.5% floor feels okay for this credit, any tighter and it would have traded lower on secondary.”
Banks are increasingly conscious not to push for the most aggressive terms on deals in order to preserve healthy secondary trading performance.
Springer's euro TLB was bid at par on Wednesday afternoon, maintaining its value unlike other recently allocated deals such as European medical laboratory services operator Cerba Healthcare and Swiss medical diagnostics company Unilabs term loans, which both dropped on Europe's secondary loan market after allocating at tight terms on March 22.
PUSHBACK
Investors have started to show signs of pushback against an overdose of aggressive terms on deals, in a bid to avoid taking a hit on secondary.
The practice of over-inflating orders is in decline after a number of investors got hit with much bigger allocations than expected on recent deals like Cerba and Unilabs, contributing to the deals softening secondary prices.
Cerba and Unilabs were quoted at 99.6% of face value on March 29, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
Without inflated order books, banks are conscious they need as much support for a deal from as wide a group of investors as possible, to secure the terms they want and maintain good secondary performance.
“Big padded orders and quick flips to dealers to make easy money, well that trade has gone off the table, which is good,” the investor said.
Springer, which has 5.1 times leverage through the senior and 5.4 times total leverage, has a corporate family rating of B2/B and a recovery rating of 3.
Springer Nature was formed from the merger of BC Partners-owned Springer Science + Business Media and the majority of Holtzbrinck Publishing Group-owned Macmillan Science and Education in May 2015. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 13 Kong Sun Holdings Ltd
* Chang Hoi Nam has resigned as an executive director
* Fung Che Wai, Anthony has resigned as chief financial officer
* Liu Wen Ping has resigned as an executive director
* Chang Hoi Nam has resigned as an executive director;
* Jin Yanbing has been appointed as an executive director, one of authorised representatives and chief financial officer
* Deng Chengli has been appointed as an executive director
* Hou Yue has been appointed as an executive director Source (bit.ly/2nIdQMm) Further company coverage:
Revathy Defends Manju Warrier's Silence
While speaking on the matter, Revathy said that Manju has decided against commenting on Dileep's return to AMMA as they have a 'personal connection' with the whole controversy.
"Manju has decided to stay away from all this for now. They have a personal connection to the entire issue and it's their right to keep away from the row," they added.
Manju Has Spoken About The Actress Assault Case In The Past
While Manju has decided against commenting on the AMMA issue, the fact remains that they are quite outspoken and has been a pillar of support for the attacked actor for some time. Last February, they had asked AMMA to ensure that justice prevails and hinted at a conspiracy behind the attack.
They Have Spoken In Favour Of Dileep As Well
Last year, Manju had spoken in favour of Dileep's Ramleela and criticised those who were asking for a ban on the film. They had also made it clear that there is no place for such things in a civilised society.
To Conclude..
There's no denying that Dileep's return to AMMA has taken a toll on the organisation's reputation. The Kannada Film Industry recently commented on the controversy and asked AMMA to re-consider the decision to take back Dileep. KFI's actions indicate that this is no longer something that concerns only Mollywood. As such, it will not be too surprising if Manju is ultimately forced to comment on the matter.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Lightower Fiber Networks is exploring a sale that its private equity owners hope will value the high-speed internet U.S. infrastructure company at more than $7 billion, including debt, according to sources familiar with the matter.
The sale process comes just as growing demand from U.S. businesses for fast data transfers has fuelled a revival in fibre-optic services and has driven many telecommunications providers to find ways to expand their reach.
Lightower is working with investment banks Evercore Partners Inc (EVP.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N) on an auction for the Boxborough, Massachusetts-based company, which is still at its early stages, the sources said this week.
CenturyLink (CTL.N), Zayo Group Holdings (ZAYO.N) and Crown Castle International Corp (CCI.N) are among business communications services and infrastructure companies that are expected to consider whether to make an offer for Lightower, the sources added.
Lightower may choose to pursue an initial public offering if the acquisition offers it receives do not meet its valuation expectations, one of the sources added.
The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
Lightower, Evercore, CenturyLink, Zayo and Crown Castle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Citi declined to comment.
Companies in the sector are seeking scale to cope with heavier internet traffic coming from businesses. CenturyLink Inc agreed to buy Level 3 Communications (LVLT.N) for $34 billion last year, adding 200,000 miles (321,870 km) of fibre to its network.
Lightower connects business clients to larger networks, allowing data and internet traffic to be transmitted at ultra-fast speeds through thin filaments of glass.
Its network spans more than 33,000 fibre route miles and serves the financial services industry, as well as government clients over its network in the Northeastern United States.
Formed by private equity firm Berkshire Partners LLC, Lightower been an industry consolidator itself. It bought Fibertech Networks LLC in 2015 for $1.9 billion, in an all-cash deal.
Berkshire Partners led an acquisition and merger of enterprise telecommunications service providers Lightower and another company, Sidera Networks, in 2013, in a deal valued at more than $2 billion. Pamlico Capital, an investor in Lightower, and ABRY Partners LLC, an investor in Sidera, took minority stakes in the combined companies.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler)
April 6 Postmedia Network Canada Corp:
* Postmedia reports second quarter results
* Postmedia Network Canada Corp says revenue for quarter was $180.8 million as compared to $209.1 million in prior year
* Postmedia Network Canada Corp- net loss in quarter ended february 28, 2017 was $26.5 million, as compared to $225.1 million in same period in prior year
* Postmedia Network Canada -will continue to identify and undertake ongoing cost reduction initiatives in an effort to address revenue declination in legacy print business
* Postmedia Network Canada - decrease in net loss in quarter primarily result of $187.0 million non-cash impairment charge prior year,interest expense decrease
* Postmedia Network Canada Corp - qtrly diluted loss per share attributable to equity holders of company $0.28 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Corrects headline to say termination fee was revised; termination fee now $198 mln, not $150 mln)
March 30 PrivateBancorp Inc:
* Amendment to agreement and plan of merger with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) revises amount of termination fee to be $198 million - SEC filing
* Original merger agreement provided that termination fee of $150 million would be payable by PrivateBancorp to CIBC upon termination of merger agreement Source: bit.ly/2njFgTI Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 2 Bellerophon Therapeutics Inc
* Bellerophon Therapeutics says effective April 26 , co terminated at market issuance sales agreement entered into on May 27, 2016 - SEC Filing
* Bellerophon Therapeutics Inc - Decided to terminate sales agreement because it does not intend to utilize sales agreement to raise additional capital Source text: [bit.ly/2pD4Fdy] Further company coverage:
Blockchain is one of the hottest tech trends in the world today. But finding the right talent with the prerequisite skills needed for mastering new tools and blockchain technology is a difficult task.
So what kind of skills should companies be looking for and how they can find the right talent?
Demand for blockchain talent is high
There's no shortage of activity around blockchains and distributed ledger technology. In an IDG Connect survey of 516 European IT professionals across multiple industries including finance, health, and retail, 38% said blockchain would have an "extremely big effect" on them as a professional. Other studies suggest areas such as supply chain management and energy expect blockchain-like technologies to have a major impact on their operations.
Pinewoods Conservation Group says it is not giving up its battle to protect the popular wooded area of Harrogate from developers.
Dedicated volunteers from this charity group raised concerns after their bid to have Irongate Field in the Harlow Hill part of town designated as official 'green space' in the new Local Plan was rejected by Harrogate Borough Council.
As a result, PCG has formally asked in a letter to local councillors that Harrogate Council amends its draft Local Plan.
The PCG fears Irongate field is vulnerable for future development.
And the charity group has also queried some of the council's reasons for the decision, claiming there were errors by council officers in its designation of different areas.
The council had said that landowner, HBC Estates, had requested an amended site boundary to take account of the extant planning permission on Irongate Field but PCG suspected this actually referred to the Rotary Wood planning.
While admitting an "error", Coun Rebecca Burnet, HBC's cabinet member for planning, said the council's reasoning and methadology was sound on the future of the Irongate Field and said there were no development proposals for Irongate Field.
And, they added, the group had the chance to submit formal comments in relation to the designation of this site as part of the Publication Draft Plan consultation in January.
They said: "There is absolutely no dispute that Irongate Field is recognised as an area within the Pinewoods Management Plan, nor any question that the Pinewoods Conservation Group would have an equal interest in conserving all areas covered by that plan.
"However, the fact that the different sites are combined in this way for site management purposes does not mean that they are one site.
"The Irongate Field site is physically separate to the Pinewoods in terms of its location and is an open grassed field which is different in character to the wooded area - being located on the opposite side of Rotary Wood.
"Whilst the PCG made one submission to cover the three different management areas, it was appropriate for officers to consider the form and function of these different areas within their assessment work.
"In line with national policy the Council's methodology states that the areas submitted are expected to be fairly self-contained and to have clearly defined boundaries.
"The process also requires officers to determine whether a site is local in character and that it should not be an extensive tract of land. The approach taken on the Pinewoods submission is consistent with our approach across all LGS work on the plan.
"There is planning permission for Irongate Field. I understand that officers received an email from you on November 8 requesting clarification as to whether there was a misunderstanding in relation to the planning status of Irongate field.
"An email response was sent back to you confirming that the extant planning permission referenced in the document actually applies to the area of land known as Rotary Wood (application number 16/05254/OUTMAJ).
"You are, therefore, aware that this reference was simply a drafting error on our part, and the name Rotary Wood should have been used.
"However when officers were assessing and discussing this area of land they were clear at all times about the exact boundary of the extant permission and as such, this error in terminology had no bearing on the decision to exclude Irongate Field from the area of land to be designated as Local Green Space.
"I appreciate that you will remain disappointed that Irongate Field is not included in the LGS designation. You do have the opportunity to subit formal comments in relation to the designation of this site as part of the Publication Draft Plan consultation in January."
Neil Hind, chairperson of Pinewoods Conservation Group, said the group was not going to give up in their work to protect as much of the Pinewoods as possible.
They said: “Although we are pleased the council has accepted that drafting errors made, we are still disappointed they do not intend to amend the plan to include Irongate Field.
"We look forward to receiving details of the further information the council need to re-consider their position in the January consultation.
"Depending on that requirement we are likely to need to ask our members and local residents to make their views known for a third time. ”
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Feeder cattle hits 7-1/2-month top * Lean hog contracts finish higher By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO, April 28 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle on Friday notched a one-year high for a third straight day, with strength from fund buying during the month's final trading session, traders said. They said brisk wholesale beef demand and deferred-month futures' discounts to this week's cash prices helped drive contracts to fresh highs. Funds were partly behind Friday's market gains, said Oak Investment Group President Joe Ocrant. But most of the buying was because of the large discount between June futures and cash, which appeared even greater after April expired, they said. April live cattle , which expired at noon CDT (1700 GMT), closed 2.400 cents per pound higher at 138.000 cents and posted a new high of 138.900 cents. Most actively traded June ended 2.500 cents higher at 124.025 cents and marked a new high of 124.225 cents. CME live cattle on Monday will revert to its 3.000-cent daily price limit after failing to settle up the 4.500-cent expanded limit on Friday. Processors this week bought market-ready, or cash, cattle at $135 to $140 per cwt, up from $130 to $133 last week. Friday morning's average wholesale beef price jumped $1.85 per cwt to $221.00 from Thursday. Select cuts climbed $1.24 to $207.92, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. Sharply higher live cattle futures pushed CME feeder cattle to new contract highs and a 7-1/2 month top. May feeder cattle ended 2.975 cents per pound higher at 149.550 cents and made a new high of 149.850 cents. Feeder cattle will resume their 4.500-cent limit on Monday after not settling up Friday's 6.750-cents expanded limit. HIGHER HOG CLOSE Fund buying and short-covering boosted CME lean hogs, said traders. They said Friday morning's unexpected cash price retreat capped May hog gains. May be closed up 0.075 cent per pound to 66.975 cents. Most-actively traded June ended 1.175 cents higher at 74.000 cents. Friday morning's average cash hog price in Iowa/Minnesota was at $54.92 per cwt, down 61 cents from Thursday, the USDA said. Packers cut cash hog bids after shoring up inventories for Saturday's slaughter, a trader said. Earlier this week, some processors paid more for hogs, whose numbers start to decline this time of year, they said. "Packers may again bid up for hogs next week if they can charge retailers more for pork," the trader said. USDA quoted Friday morning's average wholesale pork price up 2 cents per cwt from Wednesday to $73.67. (Reporting by Theopolis Waters; Editing by Dan Grebler)
LONDON, April 5 (IFR) - Volkswagen Financial Services is marketing a dual-tranche sterling-denominated benchmark bond deal, according to a source.
Initial price thoughts for the four-year tranche are UKT plus 135bp and for the eight-year piece UKT+155bp.
Bookrunners are Barclays, Goldman Sachs and HSBC.
The deal is expected to price later today.
The issuer is rated A2/BBB+ by Moody's and S&P.
The upcoming deal will follow Volkswagen International Finance's four-tranche €8bn deal issued last month.
(Reporting By Laura Benitez; editing by Sudip Roy)
April 6 Bank holding company PacWest Bancorp said on Thursday it would buy CU Bancorp in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $705 million.
PacWest offered 0.5308 of its share and $12 in cash for each CU Bancorp share, the companies said. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Valve has decided to change the way it releases patches for Dota 2. Instead of pushing big updates at seemingly random times (usually after tournaments) throughout the year, it will start rolling out smaller improvements every other Thursday.
According to a tweet from Dota's lead developer IceFrog, they will be evaluating this regular patching schedule for the next six months.
“We want to try taking a different approach to how gameplay patches are released. Instead of big patches a couple of times a year, we'll be releasing small patches every 2 weeks on Thursdays. We'll be trying this out for about six months and then reevaluating.”
They also said they were adding a feature to make it easier to keep track of changes. The game will now notify you of recent changes to heroes within your match.
What the new patch schedule means for the game is more gradual changes instead of one big dump after a tournament. What it means for the player is they will have to adapt to any significant developments more often. This could make training for upcoming tournaments problematic and not everyone is on board with the idea.
Twitch streamer ROOTCatZ is not fond of the plan. “For me, new large patches offer an exciting window to learn, theory-craft & explore,” they tweeted. “I can be absent from the game for a while, but a big patch always offers me a way back in. I think this change stirs [sic] away from rewarding adaptability & could serve to make the game feel stale.”
Big patches were one of if not my favorite defining feature of Dota 2, so I am personally sad to see the system change. While I understand not everyone likes big change, I think it is fair to assume that the current Dota 2 user-base is more used to and receptive of it than not. — CatZ (@ROOTCatZ) February 1, 2018
The plan is not without its merits though. For example, bugs will be patched more frequently. No more hassling with an annoying glitch for months on end while waiting for the next update. Also, for newer players, frequent incremental changes might be easier to grasp than major overhauls where many game dynamics are changed overnight.
There is no need to worry about the new patching schedule too much. It is only being tried at this point and the trial is only six months. If it is not very well received or there are any other problems, the devs will just scrap the whole idea.
SYDNEY, March 29 Australian retail group Premier Investments Ltd on Wednesday said it had purchased a 10.8 percent stake in department store owner Myer Holdings Ltd , but added it had no plans to make a takeover offer at this time.
Shares in Myer, Australia's biggest department store operator by sales, surged 18 percent on Monday after about 10 percent of the stock changed hands in a single trade, sparking speculation of corporate activity.
Shares closed down 0.4 percent on Wednesday before the announcement from Premier Investments.
(Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
La Maquina FC's experienced forward scores three goals in 5-2 win
End
-- La Maquina FC forward Edwin Borboa has been named UPSL National Player of the Week. The Sinaloa, Mexico native had three goals in a 5-2 victory over Avalanche USA FC on Saturday, April 9.Borboa started and played 90 minutes for Santa Ana (Calif.)-based La Maquina FC (5-0-1 overall), which remains unbeaten in the fight for the top of the UPSL's Pro Premier Division Western Conference table with the win.A former CD Chivas Guadalajara player, Borboa has been one of the UPSL's elite goal scorers since 2015.The UPSL National Player of the Week is selected each week of the regular season by members of the league and journalists covering the UPSL.– Chuck Pitts (L.A. Wolves FC)– Shailer Thomas (Colorado Rush)– Adan Coronado (Santa Ana Winds FC)– Gevorg Karpetyan (L.A. Highlanders FC)– Christian Esnal (Ozzy's Laguna FC)– German Alfaro (Strikers FC South Coast)– Edwin Borboa (La Maquina FC)The UPSL was formed in 2011 and currently includes more than 60 teams in California, Nevada, Arizona, Idaho, Colorado, New Jersey, New York and North Carolina. UPSL is the fastest growing Pro Development League in the USA, with 80-plus teams targeted for 2018 Spring Season. Each UPSL team is individually owned and operated, and is responsible for maintaining UPSL minimum standards.UPSL teams are all eligible to participate in the U.S. Open Cup Qualifying Rounds through the leagues affiliation with the U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) and the United States Adult Soccer Association (USASA).More information about UPSL can be found on our website ( http://www.upslsoccer.com ) or by following the league on Facebook ( http://www.facebook.com/ upslsoccer ) and Twitter (@upslsoccer)Contact UPSL:info@upslsoccernews.comDirect: 310-415-5691Media Relations:Dennis Popedennis.pope@upslsoccernews.comDirect: 951-675-3963
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Guanghui Energy Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT SETS INVESTMENT PLAN OF 5.53 BILLION YUAN ($880.29 million) IN 2018, FINANCING OF UP TO 13 BILLION YUAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E6OSNP Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
* Bank hires firm to help with review
* CEO does not believe bank has widespread problem
* Reports said staff under pressure to hit targets
* Expects to conclude review in less than 6 months (Recasts, adds comments from CEO)
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO, March 30 Toronto-Dominion Bank is reviewing its sales practices following reports that staffers were pressured to meet targets, Chief Executive Officer Bharat Masrani said on Thursday at the bank's annual meeting.
Canada's financial watchdog is investigating sales practices at the country's banks and expects to conclude its investigation by the end of the year.
TD branch staffers have said they moved customers to higher fee accounts and raised their overdraft and credit card limits without their knowledge, CBC News, Canada's public broadcaster, reported on March 10.
Masrani told around 400 shareholders that the bank has hired a professional services firm, which was not named, to assist with the review. They expect it to be concluded in less six months.
They maintained that they did not believe the bank had a widespread problem with its sales practices.
"People behaving unethically in order to achieve these (sales) goals would be inconsistent with who we are as an institution, and I don't believe we have a widespread problem with that type of behavior," Masrani said.
They said experiences described by some TD employees of facing pressure to sell to customers "go against the very fiber of our culture."
Employees at Canada's other big banks have said they were similarly pressured, CBC News subsequently reported on March 15, raising questions about whether the industry was being properly scrutinized by regulators.
The issue has prompted debate on television and radio call-in programs over the past three weeks.
One TD shareholder raised the issue at the meeting, offering support to management and praising staff at their local TD branch in Hamilton, Ontario.
"Whenever I enter that branch they say 'Welcome Mr. Saunders. Can we help you today?'... I think TD is doing a very good job, both as a shareholder and a depositor," the shareholder said, sparking a round of applause.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Masrani declined to name the firm that would assist in the review.
"If there are opportunities to enhance our existing processes we will do so," they said. "I want to make sure that it is done thoroughly and that we do it right but I also want to see it done over a reasonable period of time."
Masrani said they were not sure if the bank would use 'mystery shopping' exercises, using undercover checks where inspectors pose as regular customers to see if staffers were using questionable sales practices. (Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might
LONDON, June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster, many oil industry executives and investors thought their mission was accomplished.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte holds their glasses as they speak to reporters at the presidential palace in Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Friday they will look into the illegal detention of drug suspects at a secret cell in a Manila police station that has raised new questions about police conduct in their war on drugs.
The Commission on Human Rights (CHR) said it discovered the cell on Thursday, after a tip-off, at a police station in Manila's Tondo district, a hotbed of drug-war killings.
The group said it found 12 people being held without charge, crammed into a tiny, dark, windowless room. The entrance was hidden by a wooden cabinet.
Police on Friday sacked the station's chief and launched an investigation, the latest inquiry into the behaviour of a force which is coming under intense criticism for a litany of alleged abuses of power during Duterte's war on drugs.
"I will look into this," Duterte told reporters, adding they would talk to national police chief Ronald dela Rosa about it.
Jacqueline de Guia, a lawyer and CHR spokesperson, said those inside the cell had been held without charge for at least a week.
They cited them as saying police were trying to extort money from them, ranging from 20,000 to 200,000 pesos ($400 to $4,000). Some detainees also said they had been tortured, de Guia said.
"It is definitely a matter of concern because these practices are not the norm," they said, adding the commission was investigating whether charges would be filed against the police involved.
Congressman Harry Roque said they would call for the House of Representatives to investigate when its session resumes on Tuesday.
"I find it profoundly disturbing that these men and women were illegally detained – because there appears to be no records of their arrest – and subjected to cruel, degrading, and inhumane conditions," Roque said in a statement.
'EYE OPENER'
Regional police chief, Oscar Albayalde, said the Tondo police chief had been sacked along with about 10 other police officers and an investigation was underway. They thanked the CHR and said the discovery was an "eye opener".
"Rest assured that we have in mind the best interest of the community and we will not tolerate any illegal act committed by our police officers," Albayalde said in a statement.
Presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella commended police for "acting decisively" to remove the officer in charge.
Thousands of Filipinos have been killed since Duterte unleashed their campaign against drugs nearly 10 months ago. Police say they have killed only in self-defence, and the deaths of other dealers and users was down to vigilantes or gangs silencing informants.
Activists say police accounts are implausible and accuse Duterte of supporting a campaign of systematic extrajudicial killings by police. Police and the government deny that.
"The discovery of the secret jail is just the latest sign of how police are exploiting Duterte's abusive anti-drug campaign for personal gain," said Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director for the New York-based Human Rights Watch.
Duterte said on Thursday they were willing to face the music over their war on drugs and a complaint filed with the International Criminal Court would not stop their campaign.
The discovery follows a April 18 Reuters report in which two police officers, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said police received cash for killing drug suspects, planted evidence at crime scenes and carried out most of the killings police blame on vigilantes.
One of the men authored an unpublished 26-page report with detail on the alleged methods deployed in the drug war, the campaign's masterminds and perpetrators. It contained no documentary evidence. The government dismissed the claims.
($1 = 50.1150 Philippine pesos)
(Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato; Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Robert Birsel)
MEXICO CITY Mexico said on Wednesday it was "seriously worried" by Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's decision to create an assembly to rewrite the constitution, saying the measure deepened a political crisis in the South American nation.
Any attempt to alter a country's constitution that was not done via free and fair elections would constitute an attack on democracy, Mexico's foreign ministry said in a statement.
Mexico has become increasingly outspoken in its criticism of Maduro's government, which it sees as having undermined democracy in the Americas with a series of measures to weaken opposition leaders.
(Reporting by Veronica Gomez)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
SEOUL, April 10 Hyundai Oilbank, South Korea's smallest refiner by capacity, will receive its second cargo of U.S. Southern Green Canyon crude in June, a company spokesperson said on Monday. The South Korean refiner has bought 1 million barrels of the U.S. heavy crude from Shell, the spokesperson said, as weaker U.S. oil prices and low freight rates have made the purchase of U.S. crude more economical. Hyundai Oilbank in February made its first purchase of the grade, from an area of the Gulf of Mexico, to arrive in May, according to three trade sources. The spokesperson said the company has bought a total of 2 million barrels of Southern Green Canyon crude for arrival in May and in June from Shell for $100 million.
April 6 Daimler
* Says Mercedes-Benz March car deliveries up 14.8 percent to 228,296 vehicles
* Daimler says Mercedes-Benz vehicle sales rise 11.8 percent in Europe, 32.1 percent in China, and 3.3 percent in United States
* Daimler says deliveries of Smart cars down 5.4 percent in March at 15,242 cars
* Daimler says Mercedes-Benz car deliveries in Jan - March up 16 percent to 560,625 cars
* Daimler says Mercedes-Benz sales boosted by 65 percent growth in sales of E-Class model in Jan - March Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mar 18, 2017; Orlando, FL, USA; Rory McIlroy hits their tee shot to the par 3 first green during the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament at Bay Hill Club & Lodge . Mandatory Credit: Reinhold Matay-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 22, 2017; Austin, TX, USA; Jordan Spieth of the United States plays against Hideto Tanihara of Japan during the first round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 26, 2017; Austin, TX, USA; Dustin Johnson of the beats Jon Rahm of Spain in the final round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Dustin Johnson returns to this week's U.S. Masters a different person than a year ago, more confident and comfortable, a golfer with greatness in their sights but some Everest-like mountains still to climb.
Johnson, the newly-ascended world number one, Jordan Spieth and Rory McIlroy are the three clear favourites for the year's first major championship, though at least two dozen others have a realistic chance of winning if the stars all align at the right time.
But the road to the Green Jacket will lead through Johnson, who ticks all the boxes as the man to beat. Before they are measured for a Green Jacket, however, it would be wise to remember they would not be the first favourite to be spat out by the unforgiving Augusta National layout.
The American, with victories in their past three starts, has a game tailor made for Augusta, prodigiously long off the tee, confident with their irons and short game and a soft putting stroke that seems to be getting better with age.
They also have a good recent Masters record – tied fourth last year and tied sixth in 2015 – and returns approaching a golfer's usual peak at the age of 32.
“I don't think I've ever gone into a major being ranked number one,” they said recently, before adding to laughter: “Actually, I know I haven't.
"It's not going to be any different for me. I'm still going to prepare like I always do and go out and try to play the best I can. I played good there the last two years. I'm excited to go back when the game is in good form. I feel like everything is working pretty well.”
While Johnson arrives with a spring in their step, Spieth is hardly looking forward to being reminded of their 2016 debacle, when they endured arguably the worst collapse in Masters history, giving up a five-shot lead over the final nine holes, due largely to a quadruple bogey at the 12th hole.
They missed the cut in Houston on Friday, but publicly at least sounded an upbeat note.
“I made strides in my putting this week, which is something I can take a lot of confidence into next week,” they said. “Putting well next week obviously is important considering I didn't strike it very well last year and certainly was in position to win.”
MCILROY SHARP
While Spieth's short game and putting are usually second to none, McIlroy has been working to raise those facets of the game to a level close to their ball-striking.
Perhaps only Johnson can drive the ball as long and accurately as McIlroy, whose chances often hinge on the quality of their wedge game and putter.
“I feel like that part of my game is as sharp as it has ever been going into Augusta, so that's a good thing,” said McIlroy, who with a victory would become just the sixth man to win all four modern major championships.
Others to watch include American veteran Phil Mickelson as they go for a fourth Green Jacket at the age of 46, Hideki Matsuyama trying to fulfill the hopes of a nation and become the first Japanese player to win a men's major, and Jon Rahm, young, strong and fearless, whose chances maybe be hindered only by their lack of course knowledge in their Masters debut.
Fellow Spaniard Sergio Garcia has the quality to end their majors drought if they can turn back the clock and putt as well as before several near-misses started to weigh them down.
For those searching for a realistic dark horse, keep an eye on Australian Marc Leishman, winner of the recent Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Another outstanding ball-striker, Leishman tied for fourth in 2013, when they played the final round with eventual winner Adam Scott.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
March 29 Abertis Infraestructuras SA:
* Closes acquisition of a 9.65 percent stake in HIT from Axa Republique
* Reaches deal to buy additional stake in HIT from Predica of at least 15 percent up to 17 percent for at least 700 million euros ($756 million) and up to 800 million euros
* Since the beginning of 2017, Abertis will have increased its stake in HIT up to a minimum of 88 percent Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9259 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 MRC Global Inc:
* MRC Global awarded expanded contract with PBF Energy Company LLC
* MRC Global awarded expanded contract with PBF Energy Company LLC
* MRC Global Inc - five year agreement includes all project and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) needs
* MRC Global Inc - MRC Global will now service Torrance, Ca and Chalmette, La Refineries, which were recently acquired by PBF Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
São Paulo Odebrecht Óleo & Gás SA, the offshore oil drilling company owned by Brazil's Odebrecht SA, has won temporary relief from investors despite pledging to honor interest payments on a bond a week after deadline.
In a Friday statement, the company known as OOG said investors would receive on April 7 an interest payment on the company's 6.75 percent global note due in October 2022 67576GAA5= that was due on March 1. OOG was making use of a so-called 30-day cure period expiring later on Friday to settle the payment.
According to the statement, holders of OOG's 2021 and 2022 bonds waived their right to demand early repayment on their notes for breaching expense caps. The move will help OOG use $10 million to pay for expenses and investment.
OOG's pledge to settle signals a commitment to finalizing restructuring talks on $5 billion of debt as early as next month, the people said. If talks fail, OOG would seek an out-of-court workout, binding minority creditors to accept restructuring terms agreed with a relevant number of banks, bondholders and suppliers, one of the people said.
Reuters reported earlier in the day that OOG had authorized the bond's trustee to use tap money from an existing credit guarantee to honor part of the amount due in interest. While OOG did not say how much in interest it owed to investors, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters it was $34 million.
OOG's parent declined to comment further.
Reuters reported on Monday the option for an out-of-court reorganization. This week, the bond has gained 6 cents to 36.75 cents on the dollar, reaching a one-month high.
Fitch Ratings cut the rating on the notes, which were issued by OOG subsidiary Odebrecht Offshore Drilling Finance Ltd, to "D" - or in default - from "CC" previously.
In a statement, Fitch said the decision came after it missed Friday's deadline for the payment.
OOG has also issued debt through special purpose vehicles such as Odebrecht Drilling Norbe VIII/IX Ltd and Odebrecht Oil & Gas Finance Ltd.
OOG is among Odebrecht SA subsidiaries struggling with a widespread slowdown in Latin America and restricted access to credit in the wake of a massive corruption scandal. Odebrecht SA was accused of colluding to overcharge state firms for contracts, then using part of that to channel donations and bribes into Brazil's former ruling Workers Party.
(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 7 Samsonite International SA :
* Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of ebags, inc.
* Samsonite LLC and merger sub, both wholly-owned subsidiaries of company, entered into merger agreement with ebags and securityholders of ebags
* Deal for consideration of us$105.0 million
* Consideration will be settled by cash upon consummation of merger pursuant to merger agreement
* Samsonite LLC agreed to acquire all of outstanding equity interests of ebags
* Consideration will be settled by cash upon consummation of merger pursuant to merger agreement
* Acquisition is currently expected to be completed in q2 of 2017
* Consideration under merger agreement payable by purchaser will be financed by internal resources of company and company's revolving credit facility
* Financial return from acquisition is expected to meet investment criteria considered by company Source text : (bit.ly/2nJbaZK) Further company coverage:
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
TORONTO Global hotel chain InterContinental Hotels Group Plc (IHG.L) said 1,200 of its franchised hotels in the United States, including Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza, were victims of a three-month cyberattack that sought to steal customer payment card data.
The company declined to say how many payment cards were stolen in the attack, the latest in a hacking spree on prominent hospitality companies including Hyatt Hotels Corp (H.N), Hilton, and Starwood Hotels, now owned by Marriott International Inc (MAR.O).
The breach lasted from September 29 to December 29, InterContinental spokesperson Neil Hirsch said on Wednesday. They declined to say if losses were covered by insurance or what financial impact the hacking might have on the hotels that were compromised, which also included Hotel Indigo, Candlewood Suites and Staybridge Suites properties.
The malware searched for track data stored on magnetic stripes, which includes name, card number, expiration date and internal verification code, the company said.
Hotel operators have become popular targets because they are easier to breach than other businesses that store credit card numbers as they have limited knowledge in defending themselves against hackers, said Itay Glick, chief executive of Israeli cyber-security company Votiro. "They don't have massive data centers like banks which have very secure systems to protect themselves," said Glick.
InterContinental declined to say how many franchised properties it has in the United States, which is part of its business unit in the Americas with 3,633 such properties.
In February, InterContinental said it had been victim of a cyberattack, but at that time said that only 12 of its 286 managed properties in the Americas were infected with malware.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - HUGO GAMES A/S:
* HUGO GAMES APPOINTS ANDERS EGHOLT SØGAARD AS NEW CFO 7/2018
* ‍ANDERS EGHOLT SØGAARD WILL ASSUME CFO POSITION ON FEBRUARY 2 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
cover only
Contact
Scott Stevens
***@alcohologist.com Scott Stevens
End
-- Much of the decade leading up to 2017 has been characterized by an Opioid Epidemic, according to author Scott Stevens. For the final 1,000 or so days of the decade, America will continue to gain ground against painkiller and heroin deaths. However, according to Stevens, 2017 will "mark a switch in the dialogue from illicit drugs developed in pharmaceutical labs or grown in faraway lands to a homegrown pandemic that claims 90,000 American lives." Here are the award-winning author's seven reasons why the U.S. will finally talk about the drug we love – alcohol – instead of the drugs we loathe.Recreational pot — legalized and/or decriminalized in eight states now — is 'less dangerous' than both alcohol and tobacco. Granted, one side of the Titanic may, in fact, have been safer than the other, the 'safety' of marijuana versus booze is not a new claim. Well-bankrolled pro-marijuana interests are making hay with what they claim is, for the first time, research measuring the potential harm of these drugs in a more quantitative way. Their findings showed the dangers of marijuana 'may have been overestimated in the past, while the risk of alcohol has been commonly underestimated.' That's at a minimum half correct no matter where you fall on the legalization/decriminalization argument. As the pro-pot teams swarm the media, America can't help but hear the wishful thinking that their favorite drug-of-choice is somewhat safe because it is legal.Donald J. Trump doesn't drink. Like so many Americans they have a family history including the disease of alcoholism. They get that it is a disease related to the use of a socially and physically toxic drug. But beyond alcoholic drinking, Trump doesn't buy that the moderate drinking (use of a drug) is acceptable.He's not shy about talking increasing efficiency in Making America Great Again. Among the measures a business owner uses is productivity. Even moderate use creates absenteeism (a productivity drain), and increased risk of accidents/injuries (another productivity drain). Tardiness/sleeping on the job. Hangovers and withdrawal affecting job performance. Poor decision making while under the influence of a central nervous system depressant. All clobber productivity.Seventy percent of the $250 billion alcohol costs the U.S. economy every year comes from losses in productivity resulting from premature death, impaired productivity, institutionalized populations, incarceration, crime careers, and victims of alcohol-related crime. Other effects on society included crime, social welfare administration, motor vehicle crashes, and fire destruction and cost more than $40 billion. Government, private insurance, and victims bore most of the economic burden of alcohol problems. That's a not-so-great any more America they want to make great again.History lesson… When much of the Glass/Steagall Act was repealed in 1999, financial services advertising rocketed to the top five of advertisers, and negative stories about the industry fell to the back page or out of the newscast. Would Enron, the Tech Collapse and the Mortgage Crisis have happened if news operations had been less beholden to the financial services industry? Yep. But would those calamities happened as swiftly and destructively?Doubtful.Conversely, alcohol advertising has today tumbled out of the top-ten. Alcohol ads typically tie brands with cool, sexy, stylish, on-Fleek people and fun times. Ultimately, these concepts come together to suggest: if I use this product, I too can be cool, sexy, on-Fleek and successful like the people in the ad, having fun like they seem to be. Ads so influence young people that media is under pressure from groups like AlcoholJustice and The Center on Alcohol Marketing and Youth (CAMY) to keep the ads off air, out of public view in neighborhoods, off social media, and out of print. News outlets beholden to their advertisers – or at least not airing stories that will cost an advertiser business – are seeing less advertising from brewers and distillers. The result: More of the negatives from alcohol use can make it onto your laptop or into your living room.More Americans die yearly from alcohol than the number of Americans killed in the entire Korean and Vietnam conflicts combined. More than twice as many people die an alcohol-related death in the U.S. than die an opioid-related death (90,000 vs. 33,000). When opiates killed 10,000 in a single year it was an 'epidemic.' When the flu killed 30,000 in a year, vaccination levels ballooned. People did something. Three times as many dice each year from moderate to heavy use of alcohol. People are starting to take note of what alcohol does to them rather than what they think it does for them.This number of alcohol-related deaths is rising, too, not falling.Twenty to 40 percent of general use hospital beds in the U.S. – those not used for specialties like maternity and birth – are used to treat alcohol-related complications. Two hospital admissions each minute are alcohol-related. Alcohol is a substantial driver of healthcare utilization.And it is a substantial driver of illness. Alcohol is listed as a known (not a suspected) carcinogen by the Department of Health and Human Services. Eight cancers are directly tied to alcohol use: The higher the use, the greater the risk. It's the only dietary link to an increased risk of breast cancer. More than 60 diseases are linked to alcohol use. More than 200 prescription and over-the-counter remedies react adversely with this toxin. We've had a history lesson above in #4. Here's a math problem: More sickness + hospitalization = higher medical costs = higher insurance premiums. What causes problems, is one.Addicted Minds' Editor-in-Chief, Scott Stevens, is the author of four alcohol books including the December 2016 release, I Can't See The Forest With All These Damn Trees In The Way: The Health Consequences of Alcohol. The new BookLocker title is available 1/1/17 on Amazon (viewbook.at/prehab), http://www.alcohologist.com , and everywhere books are sold.
(Repeats with no changes to text)
* Staley subject to new regime to enforce accountability
* Regulators may impose other penalties after probe
* Lawmaker Tyrie tells authorities to 'get on with the job'
By Lawrence White and Huw Jones
LONDON, April 12 Barclays chief executive Jes Staley's attempts to unmask a whistleblower will be a test case for a regime put in place last year that aims to hold bank bosses to account if they fail to defend reinforced standards.
At stake is not just the image of a bank whose chief executive promised to reform its aggressive culture but also the efficacy of the fledgling Senior Managers Regime, which aims, among other things, to protect those who risk their jobs bringing wrongdoing to light.
Earlier this week, Barclays said it had reprimanded Staley and would cut their bonus after they twice attempted to identify the author of a letter that revealed "concerns of a personal nature" about an unnamed senior employee.
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority and the Bank of England's Prudential Regulation Authority, which vetted Staley's appointment as CEO, are investigating the bank and Staley to see what other penalties might be warranted.
Staley also faces scrutiny from parliament's Treasury Select Committee, which successfully pushed for the departure of Bank of England Deputy Governor Charlotte Hogg for failing to register that their brother worked for a bank, a potential conflict of interest.
Andrew Tyrie, chairperson of the committee, described Staley's actions as presenting a "test case" that would show whether the Senior Managers Regime was "capable of providing meaningful scrutiny and accountability of financial institutions".
"Now they (regulators) need to get on with the job," said Tyrie, cautioning that "the Treasury Committee will examine their conclusions, and the process by which they arrive at them, very carefully".
The regime, introduced by the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority in March 2016, makes managers personally accountable for their actions in order to set what regulators have described as the right "tone at the top".
Among other things, bosses are required to respect rules to protect whistleblowing. The penalty can be a ban from industry or a fine.
Eric Havian, a former U.S. state prosecutor and lawyer who represents whistleblowers in the United States, said they believed Barclays has not gone far enough to penalise Staley.
"I think Barclays needs to impose a much more serious sanction," they said. "This is the kind of thing that creates a long-term corrosive atmosphere in the company and it's a mistake for the bank not to treat this seriously."
PARLIAMENT DEMAND
Introducing the managers' regime was a central demand of the British parliament's commission on banking standards, also chaired by Tyrie, in the aftermath of the 2007-09 financial crisis.
Tyrie and fellow lawmakers were dismayed by the rarity of whistleblowing in the British banking industry, especially after no-one flagged wrongdoing in the case of manipulation of the Libor interest rate benchmark, which involved mostly British banks and included Barclays.
Some lawmakers had gone so far as to suggest that Britain adopt the U.S. model of compensating whistleblowers - an idea ultimately rejected by regulators.
Martin Wheatley, the then-chief executive of the FCA, said in March 2015 that the senior manager's regime was not about putting "heads on sticks". But the watchdog will nonetheless face pressure from lawmakers to show that the regime works.
Barclays, which declined to comment for this report, is already battling lawsuits and criticism from politicians in the United States and Britain over its conduct before and during the 2008 financial crisis.
The U.S. Department of Justice is suing the bank and two former executives over charges of fraud in the sale of tens of billions of mortgage securities.
In Britain, the bank faces investigations by regulators into payments made to Qatari investors in the course of an emergency 2008 fundraising, and continuing questions about how much its executives knew about traders' manipulation of the Libor interest rate.
Staley has attempted to show contrition, publicly apologising for their actions and saying their actions were motivated by a desire to prevent what they thought was an unfair attack. They visited the staff canteen this week.
Some investors, who believe that Staley has done a good job running the bank since they became chief executive in December 2015, have publicly backed him, and the news has so far had little impact on the bank's stock price.
"This was a failure of judgement not of principle. It was a pretty human failing and that's why I feel the board have got it right in backing him," said Crispin Odey, London-based founder of Odey Asset Management, which owns shares in Barclays.
Regulators may take a different view.
"The ultimate sanction would be that they are not 'fit and proper'," said one employment lawyer who advises banks, asking not to be named.
Euan Stirling of Standard Life Investments, which owns shares in Barclays, said other banks would do well to watch the outcome of the case.
"One of the things you have to consider, and it's particularly pertinent with a bank: Look at the way that profitability has been destroyed over the past 10 years and it's been by governance failures. So you ignore that at your peril." (Additional reporting by Simon Jessop; Editing by John O'Donnell and Sonya Hepinstall)
SYDNEY, March 31 Australia has identified more than 340 individuals with links to Swiss banking relationship managers alleged to have actively promoted and facilitated tax evasion schemes, a federal minister said on Friday.
Information gathered by authorities in a joint international investigation indicates that the Australians identified hold "unnamed numbered accounts with a Swiss bank," Minister for Revenue and Financial Services Kelly O'Dwyer, said.
"The fact that these accounts are unnamed means that by their very nature they are likely to have been established to hide the identity of the owner," they said in a statement.
"The message from these investigations makes it clear that governments worldwide are shining a light on offshore tax evasion, and it's only a matter of time before you're in the spotlight."
In the coming week, Australia's Serious Financial Crime Task Force (SFCT) will interview bank employees, taxpayers and lawyers as part of its investigation into whether Australians identified in the data have failed to comply with their tax obligations or been involved in criminal activity, they added.
This follows search warrants and arrests by authorities in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Germany and France.
Separately, Swiss bank Credit Suisse said on Friday its offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam were contacted by local authorities concerning client tax matters. (Reporting by Swati Pandey; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
May 3 Macquarie Infrastructure Corp:
* Mic reports first quarter 2017 financial results, increases quarterly cash dividend
* Macquarie Infrastructure Corp - authorizes cash dividend of $1.32 per share
* Macquarie Infrastructure Corp - authorizes cash dividend of $1.32 per share, up 10%
* Macquarie Infrastructure Corp - qtrly net income per share attributable to MIC $ 0.44
* Macquarie Infrastructure Corp - MIC had a backlog of approved growth projects having a total value of approximately $280.0 million at beginning of May
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.51 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Macquarie Infrastructure Corp - qtrly total revenue $451.5 million versus $396.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.51, revenue view $412.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for tomorrow as drivers are being warned of treacherous conditions on the roads due to ice.
Heavy snow fell throughout Sunday morning across Northamptonshire and forecasters have predicted more snow will fall in the early hours of Monday morning from about 1am to 3am.
With temperatures at zero degrees centigrade, the Met Office has warned of icy conditions on the roads.
Over in the East Midlands, some 47 gritting crews have been on patrol over the past 24 hours on roads including the M1.
And with temperatures set to plummet overnight, Highways England will be working around the clock this evening to treat roads and keep them free from disruption.
Highways England's Head of Road Safety, Richard Leonard, said: “We're working around the clock to keep our motorways and major A-roads open following the heavy snowfall in the past 24 hours. With further snowfall and temperatures set to plummet overnight, we will be working continuously to treat our roads and keep them free from disruption.
“We are encouraging road users, particularly in the north of England and Midlands, to drive only if it's necessary – your safety is our top priority and our advice is to work at home, travel by public transport or to wait until the weather and road conditions have improved.
“If this is not possible then plan your journey carefully, monitor weather reports and pack a snow kit of blankets, food, water and a shovel and before you set off, make sure vehicle is ready for your journey and is clear of snow.
“Anyone thinking of using the roads should be advised to keep their distance and reduce speed, because even in conditions that seem normal, and the snow is not settling, it can be slippery if ice patches have formed, or where fresh grit has not been worked into the carriageway.”
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
FILE PHOTO - Bob Dudley, CEO of BP gas company, speaks during an interview at the Argentina Business and Investment Forum 2016, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Enrique Marcarian
BP Plc (BP.L) has agreed to cut about 5 million pounds from Chief Executive Bob Dudley's maximum pay for the next three years in a bid to avoid a shareholder revolt, Sky News said on Monday, citing people briefed on the matter.
Sky News said that Dudley's maximum annual pay over the next three years will now be about 12.2 million pounds including their salary, an annual bonus of 3.3 million pounds and a long-term share incentive plan award worth up to 7.4 million pounds. The previous package was worth up to 17.4 million pounds including the matching share awards.
The report said the company had decided to reduce Dudley's maximum long-term incentive plan award from seven times their 1.48 million pounds basic salary to five times.
According to the report, Dudley's annual bonus will remain constant at a maximum of 225 percent of their salary. The framework will also apply to other top BP directors between 2017 and 2019.
BP has seen shareholder opposition to high executive pay since last April, when a majority of investors in BP voted down the oil company's plan to pay Dudley a $19.6 million remuneration package, reflecting outrage over the proposed remuneration after the oil company posted losses.
According to an analysis by the Equality Trust in March, BP is among the British companies with the biggest pay gap between a worker on the minimum wage and the company heads.
A BP spokesperson was not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich and Hugh Lawson)
Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) are usually called as Drones. UAV's can be operated by an onboard or ground based control unit. Drone payload market is projected to grow significantly in the upcoming years owing to technological advancement in drones and economical solutions for surveillance. However, payload design related limitations and privacy concerns might hinder the market growth. Increasing commercial application of the drones would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in near future. The market is highly competitive owing to presence of numerous players. Technological advancement and extensive R&D are prime strategies adopted by market leaders to improve their market presence. For instance, SZ DJI Technology Co., Ltd improved its security measure with new software in August 2017. North America is the largest market for drones and is projected to lead the market throughout the forecast period.
Drone Payload Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on type, end user, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the drone payload market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the drone payload industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-payload-market/request-sample
Drone Payload Market Segmentation
By Type
• Cameras and sensors
• Radar and communication
• Weaponry
By End User
• Defense
• Agriculture and environment
• Media and entertainment
• Energy
• Government
• Construction and archaeology
• Others
Drone Payload Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the drone payload market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on drone payload market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-payload-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
WASHINGTON, April 28 The U.S. State Department has approved a possible $1.46 billion sale to New Zealand of four P-8A maritime surveillance aircraft and associated support, a Pentagon agency said on Friday.
The Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a statement it told Congress on Thursday about the approval of the deal, in which the prime contractor is Boeing Co. (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by David Alexander)
March 31 Fitch on Switzerland
* Fitch affirms Switzerland at 'AAA'; outlook stable
* Fitch on Switzerland says "believe Switzerland will maintain a strong relationship with EU"
* Fitch says Switzerland's 'AAA' rating reflects its track record of prudent economic and fiscal policies, a diversified and wealthy economy
* Fitch on Switzerland says general government gross debt is low, forecast at 33 pct of GDP as per Maastricht definition at end-2017
* Fitch says forecasts Switzerland's economy will grow by 1.4 pct in 2017 before accelerating slightly in 2018 to 1.6 pct.
* Fitch on Switzerland - expect current account to remain in surplus at 10.7 pct of GDP on average over 2017-2018 on back of strong performance of Swiss exports Source text for Eikon:
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
Three Transportation Security Administration agents suffered minor eye injuries on Wednesday at New York's LaGuardia Airport after they were exposed to an irritating food product while inspecting a carry-on bag, officials and local media said.
Something in the bag triggered an alarm at a checkpoint inside Terminal B, according to media reports. A spokesperson from the New York Office of Emergency Management said the food was later deemed to be non-hazardous.
The spokesperson did not provide further details, such as the identity of the passenger carrying the bag or what product was involved in the incident.
Three agents were transported to a local hospital with minor eye irritation, according to a New York Fire Department spokesperson. A hazardous materials team was sent to the terminal after an emergency call at 5:30 a.m. EDT (0930 GMT), they said.
The incident caused the terminal's Concourse D to be temporarily closed.
In an effort to avoid similar situations, the TSA has turned to social media to answer travellers' questions about which foods can be taken on airplanes, often giving light-hearted responses.Among the queries the agency has received have been ones about cooked bacon, fried chicken, butter, pies and bratwurst.
"I tried to be punny with this post, but my puns were the wurst," read one TSA reply on Instagram under a photo of bratwursts in a slow cooker. "The crock pot (without the liquid) and brats are good to go in both carry-on and checked bags."
(Reporting by Brendan O'Brien and Ian Simpson; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Nick Zieminski)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
A young Luton man who saved lives through the gift of organ donation has been posthumously honoured at a moving awards ceremony.
Billy Gradwell-Smith, 18, became a lifesaving organ donor after passing away in December due to a sudden brain haemorrhage. Their kidneys and liver have since been transplanted into three recipients.
Ceremony: Dad Trevor, 48, mum Jane, 49, sister Hannah, 21, and Billy's girlfriend Victoria, 20.
Their proud family recently attended a special ceremony in London, in which Billy was posthumously honoured with the Order of St John Award for Organ Donation, their father Trevor, mother Jane, sister Hannah, and girlfriend Victoria Wilsher, accepting the award on their behalf.
Billy's dad Trevor, 48, a station commander for Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, said: “Billy was a fantastic, positive kid.
“We knew they wanted to donate after a family discussion whilst completing their provisional driving licen ce application online; when given the option about organ donation they put themselves on the NHS Organ Donor Register.
“Billy was all for donating everything, anything that could be of use to anybody.
Ceremony: Dad Trevor, mum Jane, sister Hannah and Wing Commander Mike Dudgeon OBE DL.
“He said when you are gone you are gone, the organs would be no use to him.”
Billy was in their first year at Warwick University, studying Philosophy and Literature, when during a visit home for the Christmas holidays, they felt unwell with a headache shortly after waking up.
They soon became unresponsive and was urgently taken to hospital.
Billy's heart was restarted, but their brain injury was severe and they passed away.
Billy and Hannah on a family holiday to North Devon in July 2015.
The family have since raised money for Herts Air Ambulance, who airliftedBilly to Harefield Hospital.
Their family remembered: “Billy was always so positive and wanted to help others.
“He loved both reading and being outdoors and given the choice as a child they always chose a seaside holiday in Devon.”
Billy during a family holiday to Cyprus in September 2016.
Family holiday to North Devon in July 2015 following an evening barbecue by the beach.
Payment rings have arrived in Australia, allowing contactless purchases at your fingertips.
Payment rings have arrived in Australia, allowing contactless purchases at your fingertips.
USING a fashionable ring on your finger is all it takes to make a payment.
Leaving home without your phone, card, wallet or cash will become possible in Australia with the rollout of the country's first payment ring to "tap and go" on the run.
Mastercard's senior vice-president of digital and new payment flows Matt Barr said this is just the beginning of far more innovative and fancy ways to pay in 2018.
Mastercard's Matt Barr said the new payment rings will be easy for consumers to use.
As for security, anyone could pick up your ring and wear it to make a contactless payment of less than $100, but like a card, users need to be vigilant of where they leave it.
"We won't take any solution to market where there are safety issues,'' they said.
"In the case of the ring it's going to be attached to a banking account and banks can put in controls where they can stop your card (or ring), make spending limits on accounts and in certain merchant categories."
GIFT CARDS: The fees that are catching unsuspecting shoppers out
The consumer is protected from fraud and unauthorised payments on the wearables will be reimbursed if it's proven the transaction was not made by the account holder themselves.
Bankwest is the first bank in Australia to roll out a ring to be used to pay, dubbed the Halo, which is waterproof to 50 metres.
Bankwest is the first bank in Australia to roll out payment rings.
The waterproof ring is linked to a customer's transaction card and can be used to make a contactless payment by simply being flashed over a contactless payment terminal.
But there's a cost, customers must pay at least $29 for the new wearable.
It's understood some of the nation's largest banks are among those considering rollout of a ring payment device.
ATMS: Australians have a $47.3 million windfall thanks to ATM fee removal
Payment devices have already been implemented in other items globally, including sunglasses and scarfs, alongside other wearables to hit the market including smartwatches.
Strategic intelligence firm RFi's Alex Boorman said the big four banks all offer various types of wearables and more of these new-age devices will continue to trickle onto the market.
RFi's Australian Research Director Alex Boorman said wearable payment devices continued to grown in popularity.
"There is the view now that some consumers might step over mobile payments to wearables,'' they said.
"When payments are successful, the uptake is about moving a friction point for a consumer, so offering them something that's convenient and reliable and works in all circumstances."
They said these devices remain at the moment a novelty, but will eventually become something "meaningful for consumers" to use everyday.
@sophieelsworth
SOFIA Bulgaria inched closer to getting a new government, with Boiko Borisov back as prime minister, after their dominant centre-right GERB party gave ground in coalition talks with nationalists on Wednesday.
GERB, which won the most seats in March 26 elections but failed to get an outright majority, agreed a deal to raise the minimum state pension - a key demand of the nationalist United Patriots (UP) alliance, which Borisov's party had previously opposed.
"It is clear to everyone that if we fail to form a government... it will not only bring political crisis with irreversible consequences but will also collapse the economy," Borisov told reporters in parliament.
Together with UP, their party would have a one-seat majority in parliament.
Senior GERB member Vladislav Goranov - tipped to be the next finance minister - said the breakthrough meant a new government could be sworn in by early May.
The UP alliance campaigned to boost low living standards and double the minimum monthly state pensions, now at 161 levs ($87.30) - the lowest in the European Union.
Analysts say such demands, coupled with GERB's plans to double teachers' wages within four years, may boost public spending and keep the public finances in the red. Bulgaria needs to maintain fiscal prudence to protect its currency peg to the euro.
Goranov said the minimum state pension will be increased in two steps to 200 levs per month by October, and will cost about 100 million levs for the year. UP had campaigned for 300 levs.
"Do not expect from me ... to be very happy about this decision, but it is the possible decision," Goranov said.
Analysts said the pension increase amounted to a populist spending hike that posed a long-term risk to the economy.
"The signal is for a populist spending. That means that when there are some funds available, they will be spent," said Petar Ganev, an economic analyst with Institute for Market Economics.
"I am sceptical they will manage to boost reforms to overhaul the ailing healthcare and even the education system. We would rather see rise in spending that will support growth through encouraging the domestic demand," they said.
"We have seen a lot of pledges on boosting incomes and quite less on reforms," said Lachezar Bogdanov, an analyst with Sofia-based economic think-tank Industry Watch.
Borisov, a former bodyguard, triggered the election by resigning after a GERB-backed candidate lost a presidential election in November to Rumen Radev, a Russia-friendly ally of the Socialists. Bulgaria is currently being run by a caretaker administration.
(Editing by Radu Marinas and Andrew Heavens)
Iran's Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh arrives for a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) in Vienna, Austria, November 30, 2016. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
DUBAI Iran's top security body is still reviewing the Iran Petroleum Contract (IPC) model, Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh was quoted as saying on Sunday, as the contracts aimed at attracting foreign investors appear to face fresh delays.
In January, Iran named 29 companies from more than a dozen countries as being allowed to bid for oil and gas projects under the IPC, which Tehran hopes will boost production after years of sanctions.
But the IPC model has been delayed several times due to opposition from hardline rivals of President Hassan Rouhani.
"The new oil contracts (IPCs) are currently being reviewed by the Supreme National Security Council," Zanganeh told parliament, the students' news agency ISNA reported.
Zanganeh did not elaborate or say how long the review might take, ISNA and other agencies reported.
The IPC model ends a buy-back system dating back more than 20 years under which Iran did not allow foreign firms to book reserves or take equity stakes in Iranian companies.
Oil majors have said they would only go back to Iran if it makes major changes to the buy-back contracts, which companies such as France's Total or Italy's Eni have said made them no money or even incurred losses.
The IPC has more flexible terms that take into account oil price fluctuations and investment risks, a senior Iranian oil official told Reuters in November.
(Reporting by Dubai newsroom; editing by Alexander Smith)
The tenant-purchase scheme that enables those in social housing to purchase their home from a local authority must be suspended, a report on the future of council housing has said.
The report, commissioned by the philanthropic body Community Foundation for Ireland, also calls for the removal of successor tenancies - which allow children of sitting tenants to inherit tenancies - and for the construction of smaller council housing units so tenants can downsize after their children have grown up.
A total of 365,350 council housing units have been provided to Irish people since the 19th century, and during the 1960s and 1970s one-third of all house constructions were council dwellings, according to the report. In 2016, council houses accounted for 22 per cent of the total Irish housing stock.
Between 1990 and 2016, 43 per cent of the 82,869 council houses built during that period were sold to tenants, often with a discount of up to 60 per cent on the market value, writes the report.
Two-thirds of all council housing is now privately owned after being bought through the tenant purchase scheme, which has been in place since the 1930s.
This is made “an important contribution to increasing home ownership” but has significantly reduced the number of council homes available to rent, warns the study.
The authors said increased pressure on tenants securing private rented accommodation is a “key driver of homelessness” and can only be resolved by providing more social housing.
According to the 2016 Census, 8.7 per cent of households and 30.4 per cent of renters in cities are accommodation in council housing.
The report also calls for a “radical restructuring of funding of council housing” and warns that funding housing through central Government grants has made the “up front” costs of delivering council housing expensive.
The authors of the report, Prof Michelle Norris and Dr Aideen Hayden from the UCD School of Social Policy, Social Work and Social Justice, argue the European model of funding through loans to local councils discharged over a longer period of time would be more effective and affordable.
Ms Norris told RTÉ's Morning Ireland that loans would provide more stability and move away from the boom/bust system that has operated over the past 30 years.
Historically social housing has been funded from the central exchequer and during times of recession these types of grants can be difficult to afford, they said.
Ms Norris pointed out that exchequer funding for social housing was cut by 82 per cent during the last recession - which was an inefficient model of funding for social housing.
Capital spending on new council housing rapidly declined after the economic crisis in 2007/8, falling from 94 per cent between then and 2013. In 2013, some €55 million was spent on council housing, but this has since increased to €561 million for 2018.
The report also calls for changes to how tenants pay rents. To date rents have been based on income, which is inadequate income for local authorities who are then left with funding problems for maintenance, they said.
“Rents [for social housing] need to rise,” said Ms Norris. “The cost to build the house should be reflected in the rent. That will enable the local authority to repay the loans.” They added that low-income families could receive a rent supplement from the Government.
The report, which will be unveiled on Wednesday afternoon, recommends that local authorities retain more property tax revenue to fund housing provision and that the redistribution of tax from urban authorities, where housing demand is high, to rural local authorities, where the demand is lower, is reduced.
It says there should be “compulsory deduction of council housing rents” from social welfare payments and a requirement for local authorities to “ringfence income rents” to be spent on council housing management and maintenance.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Digital Marketers India announced to offer expert digital marketing services to educational industry. The company will benefit education institutes all across the world with its expert digital marketing services. The company has digital marketing experts that have been catering this industry vertical for years and have expertise in running successful online marketing campaigns for them.
The representative of this digital marketing agency announced to offer complete omnichannel digital marketing services along with the other services to support these marketing campaigns.
Key offerings for education industry are as below:
• SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
• SMO (Social Media Optimization)
• SMM (Social Media Marketing)
• Paid Advertising (PPC and other types of ads)
• Content writing
• Web development
• Graphics design
• And more
“We will provide top to bottom services to the educational institutes, including, but not limited to, schools, colleges, universities, coaching classes. We will assist them to keep their website updated and SEO friendly; we will keep their Blogs and social media pages live and we will make sure they get the best CTR and conversion rate for their paid campaigns. We will work as their one-stop solution provider so they don't need to worry about the technicalities of digital marketing.”, shared Ash Vyas, Director of this full service digital marketing company.
They further added, “Generally, top management of the educational institutes are not that technical and they need help. We help them by taking care of their digital media and marketing. Also, we help them with our free consultancy services related to the digital world to help them to leverage benefits of this digital era.”
The director of the company also shared top benefits of using expert digital marketing services for the education industry:
• Well optimized website
• Top rankings for the website so it can be easily found by the for parents / students / donors
• Keep parents informed about the events, exams and other updates with active social media marketing
• Increase digital presence and popularity of the institute
• Increase business
• Attract donors
• And more
According to the shared details, the clients of the company can either use 360-degree digital marketing services or individual digital marketing service based on their interest and requirement. The company will devise custom digital marketing strategy for different educational institute. Also, this digital marketing company will provide a single point of contact to make communication fluid.
About Digital Marketers India
It is a full service digital marketing agency that has been providing expert digital marketing services to its local and international clients. The company has received many mentioned in digital media for its best in the industry digital marketing services. The company has been catering its clients of different sized belong to diversified industry verticals. Along with expert digital marketing services, the company also offers other services to support online marketing campaigns. To explore more details about the services offered by this full service digital marketing company, please visit http://digitalmarketersindia.com/
Italy's Minister of Economic Development, Carlo Calenda, speaks during a news conference hosted by Israel's Energy minister Yuval Steinitz with their European counterparts, in Tel Aviv, Israel April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
President Donald Trump signed an order to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry and calling into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
ROME The U.S. administration of Donald Trump on Monday scuppered efforts by the Group of Seven industrialized countries to reach a common stance on energy when it asked for more time to work out its policies on climate change.
Trump signed an order in March to undo climate change regulations drawn up under their predecessor Barack Obama, calling into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming.
The order's main target was Obama's Clean Power Plan, requiring states to slash carbon emissions from power plants - a key factor in U.S. ability to meet commitments under a climate change accord reached by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015.
At a news conference wrapping up the G7 Energy meeting in Rome, Italian industry and energy minister Carlo Calenda said the United States was reviewing its strategy on climate change and the Paris Agreement.
"While this is under way, the United States reserves its position on these key priorities," they said. "It was not possible to sign a joint declaration since it would not cover the whole range of topics in the agenda."
Calenda, who chaired the G7 meeting, said all other European Union countries remained strongly committed to the Paris accord to curb greenhouse gas emissions.
Speaking from Madrid later on Monday, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said Europe would "respect everyone's opinion on the matter but it would not accept making any steps backward with respect to the strategic choices made on climate change".
Gentiloni is due to meet Trump at a G7 summit Italy will host in Sicily next month, with Italy anxious to get public backing from all leaders on the Paris accords.
A source close to the G7 talks said the inability of U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry to commit showed the isolation of the United States at the ministerial meeting.
"The U.S. also wanted to include references to coal and fossil fuels," the source said.
During their election campaign, Trump pledged to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord, arguing it would hurt U.S. business.
Environmental groups have criticized the administration's order, arguing it runs dangerously counter to the global trend toward cleaner energy technologies.
But Washington has still not spelt out its stance on the Paris agreement and some officials hope there is room for maneuver.
"The talks were constructive and there was no friction," Calenda said.
The Italian minister is due to hold bilateral talks with Perry on Tuesday.
(Additional reporting by Isla Binnie in Madrid; Editing by Francesca Landini and Janet Lawrence)
Q. On the feast of the Epiphany, I left Mass coughing and with a headache due to the large amount of incense used. I spoke to the celebrant after Mass, and they told me that the incense was part of the Mass and that I would just have to get used to it. I also talked to our pastor, but they offered no solution.
Again, at Easter Mass, I was not able to tolerate the incense. Because I am a volunteer accompanist with our music ministry, I entered the church only when I needed to play and spent the rest of the time in a community room where there was fresh air. Once again, I left with a cough and a headache which persisted for two days, and many other people complained about headaches and burning eyes.
So my questions are these: Which liturgies during the year require the use of incense, and wouldn't it be appropriate for a parish to warn parishioners when incense is going to be used? (East Windsor, New Jersey)
A. The use of incense at worship services has a long history, dating back to the Old Testament. The smoke of the burning incense is seen as symbolizing the prayers of the faithful rising toward heaven, and the act of incensing pays honor to the object to which it is directed — whether the just-consecrated bread and wine at their elevation or the remains of the deceased at a funeral Mass.
Strictly speaking, though, there is no absolute requirement that incense be used at any particular Mass. Typically, parishes limit its use to Masses of particular solemnity, funerals and services that include eucharistic adoration and processions.
Given that a certain number of people have respiratory problems that can be exacerbated by the smell of incense, a reasonable balance should be struck. Perhaps a certain area of the church can be reserved where worshippers would be less affected. If the church is too small for that to work and the celebrant knows in advance that someone who is particularly vulnerable may attend, I see no problem with foregoing the use of incense at that particular Mass.
And yes, I do recommend letting parishioners know in advance when incense will be used. One Catholic parish in Connecticut, for example, notes on its website that “we will never use incense at the Sunday 8:00 a.m. Mass. … Incense will be used at the Sunday 10:15 a.m. Mass on the following feasts: the Epiphany of the Lord; Easter Sunday; Pentecost Sunday; the solemnity of the Body and Blood of Christ (Corpus Christi); the solemnity of Jesus Christ the King.”
Q. We live in an area where a number of homeless people routinely hold up signs on street corners asking motorists for cash. Up until now, I have been giving them money every so often, as long as they seemed harmless enough. But our city recently put up signs asking the public not to give them money and posting information on where the homeless can go for assistance.
So my question is: Should I continue to hand them money or stop doing so? I am in my 70s and am concerned about crime, and I also am aware that some of these people may just use the money for drugs and alcohol. But I feel guilty passing them by, as God has given me much and I do want to help. How can I tell whom to trust and who might not be so needy? (Hampton, Virginia)
A. It's an excellent question, and there are compelling arguments for a wide range of answers. I fully understand the reasons for discouraging the practice. For one thing, stopping motorists on street corners can imperil traffic safety; even more, channeling the needy to a social services agency promises a solution far more permanent.
But speaking personally, I find it hard to pass a person by — and I regularly offer a few dollars. In doing so, I feel the backing of Pope Francis, who told an Italian journal in 2017 that helping someone in need “is always right,” — even allowing for the possibility that it might be spent on a glass of wine. It's important, said the pope, to reach out “by looking them in the eyes and touching their hands.”
As for being able to distinguish between one who is legitimately needy and a “professional panhandler,” the answer is: You can't always tell. But if I'm going to be wrong, I would rather be wrong on the side of kindness.
Copyright ©2018 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
BRASILIA, April 3 Corporate loans in or at risk of default in Brazil will rise marginally in coming months, a situation that represents no risk for the stability of the nation's banking system, a central bank director said on Monday.
So far, banks in Brazil have mitigated the risk of growing interdependence with non-financial companies or fellow lenders by analyzing loan deals more prudently and demanding more collateral from borrowers, said Anthero Meirelles, the central bank's head of oversight, at a news conference in Brasilia. (Reporting by Alonso Soto; Writing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WASHINGTON, April 28 The U.S. State Department has approved a possible sale to Israel of 76mm naval guns and technical support worth an estimated $440 million, a Pentagon agency said on Friday.
The Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a statement it had notified Congress of the State Department decision to allow the possible sale of the 13 naval guns by DRS North America, a subsidiary of Italy's Leonardo SpA. (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Bernard Orr)
TORONTO Canadian department store operator Hudson's Bay Co (HBC.TO) said on Wednesday it was looking at a "major reinvention" of its business operations and gave its strongest signal yet of a possible initial public offering of its real estate assets.
HBC shares, which fell more than 10 percent this week ahead of its fourth-quarter results, rose 7.7 percent to close at C$10.45 on Wednesday on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
"What we should've done and what we should be doing as quick as possible is IPO-ing our U.S. real estate portfolio and/or IPO-ing our Canadian real estate portfolio," said Chairman Richard Baker, adding that other options are still possible.
"Maybe in hindsight, we would have been better off IPO-ing the portfolio six months ago or eight months ago."
The timing for an IPO may not be ideal given expected rising U.S. interest rates and lower valuations for many U.S. retail-focused real estate companies.
The Saks Fifth Avenue and Lord & Taylor owner reported a fourth-quarter loss after markets closed on Tuesday. The results mirrored a trend in retail, especially department stores in the United States and Europe, which have been hurt by changing consumer trends and fierce competition.
Earlier this year, Hudson's Bay said it was undergoing an operations review and expected initial annualized savings of C$75 million. Executives told analysts that was a "first step" with more to come.
"It is a major league, full-time effort in our company right now," Baker said. "We're not just looking at a little tinkering with the business model. We are looking on major reinvention and change in the business."
Executives also reiterated to investors in a conference call that acquisitions remained part of Hudson's Bay corporate strategy. They would not comment on reports that Hudson's Bay was in exploratory talks with debt-laden luxury retailer Neiman Marcus Group, following a failed effort to bid for Macy's Inc (M.N).
"In no way would we do an acquisition that affected our debt ratios and impacted our existing business in a material way, but we do view ourselves as a global consolidator," Baker said from the Netherlands, where the company is planning to open more than a dozen Hudson's Bay and Saks OFF 5th stores.
Founded in 1670, Hudson's Bay began primarily as a fur trading business. It once owned more than 40 percent of what is now Canada and a significant portion of what became Minnesota and North Dakota.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Peter Cooney and Leslie Adler)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
March 29 Century Plaza Investments:
* Century Plaza Investments says Premier Investments Ltd has acquired a relevant interest in securities in Myer Holdings Ltd
* Century Plaza Investments says Lew Group has not acquired any securities in Myer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6Hongli Zhihui Group Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 5 percent to 25 percent, or to be 68.2 million yuan to 81.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (65 million yuan)
* Says increased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xijcmr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Second-half substitute Olivier Giroud rescued Arsenal with a late equaliser in a 1-1 draw at St Mary's on Sunday after Southampton had looked like holding on for all three points.
Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez shoots at goal from a free kick REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
The France international, who replaced compatriot Alexandre Lacazette in the 72nd minute of a lively game, scored two minutes from fulltime with a glancing header off an Alexis Sanchez cross.
Southampton had made Arsenal sweat until then with Charlie Austin grabbing a fourth goal from their last three league starts with a third-minute shot past Petr Cech after being fed through by Dusan Tadic.
It was the 17th time Giroud has scored as a substitute for Arsenal, equalling Norwegian Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's record with Manchester United for most goals scored off the bench for a single club.
If the draw remained a lost opportunity for the Gunners, the goal at least staved off a second successive league defeat after a stinging 3-1 loss to Manchester United at the Emirates last weekend.
“Last week had an influence on today's game,” Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose side played in the Europa League on Thursday, told Sky Sports television.
“They wanted to start strong but it took us time to get into the game again,” added the manager, who criticised the amount of time-wasting in the match.
“I think they (Giroud) has come back into a very good shape, he's shown that today again. He's mentally extremely strong as well. It's a remarkable achievement what they have done again today.”
Arsenal moved up to fifth place, behind Liverpool on goal difference, but 14 adrift of leaders Manchester City who were playing Manchester United later in the day.
Southampton moved up to 10th, ahead of Huddersfield Town and Everton, who were playing the Merseyside derby at Liverpool.
“We started really well, got the goal. Should have got the second really,” said Austin, who had a low shot from the right well saved by Cech minutes after scoring.
“Against Arsenal, you give them one chance and the big man's come on and scored. It's just one of those things...we take away a point from here but we should have taken all three.”
Austin also hit the post with another effort in the eighth minute with the Arsenal defence in disarray but the linesman flagging for offside.
Arsenal worked their way back, picking up the tempo as Southampton were forced on the defensive but without giving home goalkeeper Fraser Forster much to worry about.
Southampton were still dangerous against the run of play, however, with Spanish defensive midfielder Oriol Romeu firing in a long-range shot that smacked the crossbar in the 62nd.
Arsenal took off defender Per Mertesacker shortly afterwards, bringing on Danny Welbeck to add firepower, but Southampton could still feel unlucky not to increase their advantage.
Ryan Bertrand had a golden opportunity when they shook off Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny, but lofted the ball high over Cech, while Austin saw another opportunity trickle past the post.
May 2 Intellia Therapeutics Inc :
* Intellia Therapeutics announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 collaboration revenue $6.2 million
* Qtrly loss per share $0.36
* Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2017, were $258 million, compared to $64 million for same quarter in 2016
* During 2017, co expects expenses to continue to increase compared to prior periods Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Report: "Current exploration levels are certainly a far cry from the $653.8 million spent in 2011, the last time coal prices were at present levels".
Report: "Current exploration levels are certainly a far cry from the $653.8 million spent in 2011, the last time coal prices were at present levels".
BOOMING coal prices have failed to lure explorers back to Queensland, according to the State Government.
The government's mining journal said record and near record coal prices had been reached over most past the year, but coal exploration expenditure in Queensland remained "fairly subdued'' at only $99 million for the 12 months to March.
"Current exploration levels are certainly a far cry from the $653.8 million spent in 2011, the last time coal prices were at present levels,'' it said.
The spending was up on the $82.1 million spent for the same period in 2017, "suggesting that many explorers are still struggling to recover from the effects of the poor prices of late 2015 and early 2016.
"While global coal demand fell marginally for the first time in decades in 2015, largely on the back of major structural changes in China, 2016 saw a significant proportion of this demand gradually come back online.
Coal mining industry has failed to lure explorers back to Queensland.
"Some analysts predict the international thermal coal market to grow by almost 50 million tonnes, or 5 per cent, in 2018, based on new power station construction, particularly in South and East Asia.
"Imports to India in particular are anticipated to rise again after falling in the last two years as domestic supply there struggles to meet expanding demand.''
Investment in the Queensland mining since the beginning of 2016 appears to have stabilised at around $2 billion a quarter.
Total investment in the year to March 2018 was $8.7 billion, up from $7.96 billion expended in the 12 months ended March 2017.
Copper exploration expenditure in Queensland jumped 65 per cent in the year to March at $53.9 million compared with the previous year's $32.7 million, but this is still only a third of levels seen in 2011 and 2012.
Gold exploration expenditure in Queensland was also up strongly for the March year at $61.8 million, an increase of 20 per cent.
This was still well down on the $75.2 million achieved in the 12-month period ended September 2013.
Dive Brief:
Michigan State University's board of trustees selected former Michigan Governor John Engler to serve as its interim president while the college navigates the legal and reputational fallout from a sexual abuse scandal, involving university physician Larry Nassar and over 160 women, reports the Wall Street Journal .
Athletic Director Mark Hollis has retired and local lawmakers and community leaders have called for the board of trustees to resign. Additionally, one trustee called for the university's legal counsel to resign.
Meanwhile, Michigan's attorney general has opened an investigation into the university's handling of sexual abuse complaints against Mr. Nassar and is seeking information about other university officials and trustees. The state's legislature is also probing the incident and has threatened to subpoena information.
Dive Insight:
Engler joins a long roster of high profile politicians and elected officials chosen to lead universities and colleges, including former Indiana governor Mitch Daniels, who now heads Purdue University and spearheaded the groundbreaking Purdue-Kaplan deal. Governors and elected leaders, in particular, are natural choices for the top university post, because they know the political lay of land and can navigate community dynamics, in addition to being attuned to the needs of the state. Elected officials likely have fundraising experience to match the expectation for university presidents to plan and execute ambitious fundraising goals. Ultimately, the job involves a lot of politicking as presidents are the university's voice before state assemblies and Congress.
However, politicians can also carry baggage from their past public life, making it harder for them to win over some allies. And there is no universal metric pointing to politicians as better — or worse — leaders than anyone else. The only way to evaluate fit for a specific campus is for boards to conduct a full and complete presidential search that takes into account various needs and stakeholders. There is a growing school of thought that a strong provost can make up for any lack of academic experience a potential leader may have, but universities and colleges are unlike any other business or government offices, and any leader appointed must be closely attuned to the needs of all of the campus stakeholders.
COTABATO CITY: The Department of Education in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (DepEd-ARMM) distributed 4,000 brand-new armchairs for students and tables for teachers in various public schools, including a Badjao school, in Sulu. DepEd-ARMM secretary John Amil Magno personally inspected the armchairs and teacher's tables delivered in Zamboanga city prior to its transfer to Jolo. “I wanted to ensure that the 4,000 plus chairs are all accounted for and delivered to the different recipient schools in Sulu,” Magno said. Meanwhile, Fheng Salialam Sakandal, a teacher assigned in a Badjao community in Sulu said they are glad that Badjao Primary school is one of the recipients of the student chairs and teacher tables. The teachers of Sulu were among those who happily celebrated Teacher's Day on Thursday.
Advertisements
Dallas Stars center Martin Hanzal, (10), of the Czech Republic, loses their glove as they go after the puck with Tampa Bay Lightning defenseman Dan Girardi (5) during the third period of an NHL hockey game Thursday, Nov. 16, 2017, in Tampa, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
NEW YORK -- The Stars opted to skip morning skate Monday, so Martin Hanzal was not able to skate with the team. But the big center who has missed their seventh game with a hamstring injury is on the road trip and is getting close to a return to play, coach Ken Hitchcock said.
"He was full practice today, which was a great sign," Hitchcock said after a full Sunday practice. "He had a great day yesterday. He's awful close. We'll see where he's at. Whether he's ready for one of the games in New York and then we'll go from there."
Improving stick play
The Stars have been taking too many stick fouls in recent games. On Monday, they did not take one penalty.
Hitchcock said the team worked hard on that aspect in practice Sunday.
"The teams that win on a consistent basis, the stick is carried in a proper fashion all the time and you take pride in not taking stick fouls," Hitchcock said. "We've addressed it. We've gone in ebbs and flows, we've addressed it and gotten better."
---
Have a question for Stars insider Mike Heika? Ask it right here!
---
(Repeats story from Saturday)
BEIJING, April 1 Activity at China's factories expanded for a ninth straight month in March but at a softer pace as new export orders slowed, a private survey showed, raising questions about whether a recent pickup in global demand is losing steam.
The Caixin/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' index (PMI) fell to 51.2 in March, missing economist forecasts' of 51.6 and down from February's 51.7.
While the index was still well above the 50.0 mark which separates expansion from contraction on a monthly basis, the rates of growth in output, total new orders, input and output prices all slipped in March from the previous month.
Growth in export orders slowed sharply, falling to a three-month low of 51.9 from 53.8 in February.
The findings contrast with those of China's official factory survey on Friday, which showed activity grew the fastest in nearly 5 years in March. It also showed orders improved from home and abroad.
But the Caixin/Markit survey tends to focus more on small and mid-sized manufacturers, which may be benefitting less from a months-long construction boom than big industrials such as steel mills. A sub-index of the official survey had showed small companies were still struggling, though conditions were slowly improving.
The private survey is also believed to be more reflective of export-oriented firms.
CLOUDY EXPORT OUTLOOK
While China and other North Asian exporters have seen a strong rebound in shipments in recent months both in value and volume terms, the outlook is being clouded by fears of growing U.S. trade protectionism under President Donald Trump.
The Trump administration on Friday slammed China again on a range of trade issues from its chronic industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and long-standing bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services.
China's manufacturing sector has been enjoying its best profits in years as a booming housing market and government infrastructure spending boosted construction.
But economists worry that fresh curbs on the heated property market and tighter credit conditions, coupled wit uncertainties about global trade, may intensify pressure on the world's second-economy later in the year.
"Overall, the Chinese manufacturing economy continued to improve, but signs of a weakening have started to emerge ahead of the second quarter. Downward pressure may further increase," said Zhengsheng Zhong, Director of Macroeconomic Analysis at CEBM Group.
The survey showed manufacturers continued to shed staff, and at a slightly quicker pace than the previous month, but the employment outlook remained relatively positive as it was the second-weakest seen in just over two years.
On the brighter side, the pace of inventory reduction quickened in March with stocks of purchases and stocks of finished goods both falling into contractionary territory.
An industry survey on Friday showed that China's steel inventory by March 31 was almost 30 percent higher than the same time last year, igniting worries that steelmakers would soon face large destocking pressures.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Kim Coghill)
LONDON Dollar bonds from Turkey's Halkbank fell as much as 0.7 cent across the curve on Wednesday, extending losses after the company's deputy chief executive was charged in New York with participating in a scheme violating sanctions on Iran.
Bonds maturing 2021 and 2020 fell just over 0.7 cents in the dollar, according to Tradeweb data XS143983854=TE XS088234707=TE, hitting six-week lows. The 2019 issue XS106938385=TE slipped 0.66 cent.
Mehmet Hakan Atilla is accused of conspiring with wealthy Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities in that country.
They had been in New York as part of a investor roadshow before the bank's planned sale of new dollar bonds.
(Reporting by Sujata Rao; editing by Mike Dolan)
April 5 ASR Nederland NV:
* NLFI, on behalf of the Dutch State, sells 20 million shares in ASR
* NLFI has completed accelerated book building offering of 20,000,000 ordinary shares in ASR at 25.75 euros per share, realising 515 million euros of aggregate proceeds
* ASR will not receive any proceeds from the offering Source text for Eikon: bit.ly/2oB0f9i Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
BEIJING, April 28 SAIC Motor Corp Ltd , China's biggest automaker, reported on Friday a 4.1 percent rise in net profit for the first quarter compared to the same period last year, despite slowing sales and the roll back of a government tax incentive.
The Shanghai-based automaker, which has joint ventures with Volkswagen AG and General Motors Co in addition to making its own brands of vehicles, posted a net profit of 8.26 billion yuan ($145.03 million), according to stock exchange filings.
SAIC's revenue rose 6 percent to 196.3 billion yuan from a year earlier. Its vehicle sales rose 3 percent for the quarter.
($1 = 6.8950 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Muyu Xu and Jake Spring; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO, June 15 This week's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ($31.8 million), Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday.
FILE PHOTO: A man sweeps the ground at a temple in Tokyo July 17, 2009. REUTERS/Thomas White/File Photo
TOKYO, April 5 Activity in Japan's services sector expanded at the fastest pace in 19 months in March as oustanding business improved, allowing companies to charge more for their goods, a private survey showed on Wednesday.
The Markit/Nikkei Japan Services Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) rose to 52.9 in March on a seasonally adjusted basis from 51.3 in February.
The index remained above the 50 threshold, which separates expansion from contraction, for the sixth consecutive month.
"The underlying performance of the Japanese economy continues to strengthen, with the PMI data suggestive of accelerated GDP growth during the first quarter of the year," said Paul Smith, senior economist at IHS Markit, which compiles the survey.
The index for outstanding business rose to 51.6 in March from 50.2 in the previous month to show the fastest growth in 20 months.
The business expectations index rose to 55.4 from 53.8 in February to mark the fastest growth since April last year.
Services account for around two-thirds of Japan's gross domestic product, so expansion in that sector could help overall economic growth.
While the country is seeing a modest economic recovery, the improvement has been highly dependent on a rebound in exports.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Kim Coghill)
SOFIA, April 13 These are some of the main stories in Bulgarian newspapers on Thursday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
TRUD - The nationalist alliance United Patriots is likely to get five ministers in the new coalition government led by centre-right GERB party, sources familiar with the talks said.
-- The ethnic Turkish MRF party said it would back a GERB-led coalition government until July next year, when Bulgaria will hand over the rotating EU presidency to Austria. (Sega, 24 Chasa, Trud, Duma)
-- Bulgaria's population is expected to drop below 7 million by 2020, a new demographic report by the statistics office showed. (Standart, Sega, Standart, Monitor)
-- British American Tobacco plans to produce the cigarette brands it acquired from local cigarette maker Bulgartabac in the country for the next two years, BAT Bulgaria manager Mila Marechkova said. (Standart, Capital Daily, Monitor, Trud,)
-- The health ministry said that the level of uranium found in the drinking water supplies in the southern region of Haskovo is not a threat to the public health, as the polluted water wells were cut off. (Standart, Monitor, 24 Chasa, Trud, Duma)
-- The Bulgarian army is only partially prepared to protect the country's sovereignty and territory and participate in NATO's collective defence due to chronic shortage of soldiers, ageing military equipment and lack of funds, a new report from the defence ministry for 2016 showed. (Sega, Monitor, Standart)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A girl walks by as a security guard is on patrol during the visit of United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres at Hasansham camp, in Khazer, Iraq March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqis sit outside their tent during the visit of United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres at Hasansham camp, in Khazer, Iraq March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
A displaced Iraqi sits with their baby during the visit of United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres at Hasansham camp, in Khazer, Iraq March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqi children play inside a tent as they wait for the arrival of United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres during their visit at Hasansham camp, in Khazer, Iraq March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqi sit outside their tent during the visit of United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres at Hasansham camp, in Khazer, Iraq March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
HASSAN SHAM CAMP, Iraq United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres on Friday called on the international community to increase aid to help people fleeing the Iraqi city of Mosul which government forces have been battling to retake from Islamic State.
Iraqi forces have seized back most of the country's second-largest city from the Sunni hardline group in a massive six-month campaign.
But at least 355,000 residents have fled fighting, according to the government, and some 400,000 civilians remain trapped inside the densely-populated Old City where street battles have raged for weeks.
"We don't have the resources necessary to support these people," Guterres told reporters during a visit to the Hassan Sham Camp, one of several centres outside Mosul packed with civilians escaping the fighting.
The U.N. and Iraqi authorities have been building more camps but struggle to accommodate new arrivals with two families sometimes having to share one tent.
"Unfortunately our program is only 8 percent funded," they said, referring to a 2017 U.N. humanitarian response program without giving additional details.
During their visit, which lasted about half an hour, residents complained to Guterres about the quality of drinking water and poor living conditions in tents frequented by mice and insects.
"We want to go back to our villages. We are fed up," said Saqr Younis, who fled to Mosul when Islamic State arrived in their village in 2014.
"If we had died by bombardment it would have been more merciful," said Saqr who has been in the camp for four months.
Many of the displaced have returned to their homes in areas retaken from Islamic State but some, like Saqr, have not yet been allowed to return by the authorities.
The Sunni group overran about a third of Iraq in 2014, benefiting from the Sunni-Shi'ite rift that weakened the army.
Iraqi forces have won back control of most cities that fell to the group and the militants have been dislodged from nearly three quarters of Mosul but remain in control of its centre.
Government positions have reached as close as 500 metres to the al-Nuri Mosque, from where Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared a caliphate spanning parts of Iraq and Syria in July 2014.
Baghdadi and other IS leaders are believed to have left the city but U.S. officials estimate around 2,000 fighters remain inside the city, resisting with snipers hiding among the population, car bombs and suicide trucks targeting Iraqi positions.
(Writing by Ulf Laessing; Editing by Julia Glover)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Rooney made first start since March 4
* Martial put United ahead in 21st minute
* Rooney's 251st United goal came in the 39th minute
* United now a point behind fourth-placed Manchester City
* Burnley are at Crystal Palace on April 29, United play away to Manchester City on April 27
By Simon Evans
BURNLEY 0 MANCHESTER UNITED 2
April 23 Wayne Rooney scored on their return to the Manchester United starting-line up as Jose Mourinho's side enjoyed a 2-0 win at Burnley in the Premier League on Sunday to close in on the top four and extend their unbeaten league run to 23 games.
Rooney, who last started a game on March 4, was given the start for only the second time in 2017 in the absence of the injured Zlatan Ibrahimovic and with Mourinho opting to start with in-form 19-year-old Marcus Rashford on the bench.
It was their French strike partner Anthony Martial though who opened the scoring at Turf Moor in the 21st minute, breaking from midfield and then finishing in style after a swift exchange with Ander Herrera.
Rooney made it 2-0, with their 251st goal, in the 39th minute, reacting well to poke home from close range after Burnley keeper Tom Heaton failed to hold on to a low shot from Martial.
Fifth-placed United are now just a point behind local rivals Manchester City, who are fourth, ahead of their clash at the Etihad Stadium on Thursday. (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ANKARA U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday there was more discussion to be had on the way forward in Syria but that the status of President Bashar al-Assad would be decided by the Syrian people.
Speaking in the Turkish capital Ankara after talks with Turkey's leaders, Tillerson also said there was "no space" between Turkey and the United States in their determination to defeat Islamic State.
They were responding to a question about U.S. support for the Kurdish YPG militia in Syria, which NATO ally Turkey sees as a hostile force.
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton and Ece Toksabay; Writing by Nick Tattersall; Editing by Humeyra Pamuk)
Thank you for following Wednesday's LIVE Derby County blog from Derbyshire Live.
Join us as we provide you with the latest updates as the Rams' search for a successor to Gary Rowett, who joined Stoke City last week.
On Saturday night, Lampard confirmed that they are in talks with Derby over the vacant manager's position .
Former England teammate Rio Ferdinand has also had their say on the story, as well as Rams legend Alan Hinton and current Chelsea defender David Luiz .
It is being reported that Derby are in "advanced" talks with Lampard, who has been a red-hot favourite since last week to fill the vacant position at Pride Park Stadium.
Chelsea under-18s coach Jody Morris is expected to join Derby should Frank Lampard be appointed as the Rams' next manager, according to reports.
We will also bring you all the latest Rams news and transfer talk, along with the latest from across the Championship.
You can get involved by tweeting us @DerbyTelDcfc or you can join in the conversation on Facebook , or by leaving a comment below.
* Dollar index pulls away from 4-1/2-month lows
* Fed speakers remind markets of rate hike plans
* Sterling dips as Britain formally launches Brexit
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, March 29 The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows on Wednesday after solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year, while sterling dipped as Britain moved to launch its exit from the European Union.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major rival currencies, rose to 99.854, up 0.2 percent. It managed to crawl off a low of 98.858 hit earlier this week, its weakest level since Nov. 11, in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare bill.
Data on Tuesday showed the U.S. consumer confidence index at its highest level since December 2000, pushing up U.S. Treasury yields and providing support for the greenback.
City Index research director Kathleen Brooks, in London, said the dollar's strength was down to a mixture of Fed expectations, the stronger U.S. data, and hopes that Trump would now focus on tax reform.
"The continuing strength of the U.S. economic data is obviously a key driver," said Brooks. "We're also seeing the positive correlation between the stock market and the dollar reinstated. So as the stock market recovers, that's obviously good news for the dollar as well."
"By and large the market is giving Trump a second chance, and we think there's a Trump premium in the market," they added.
Trump's healthcare reform defeat at the end of last week raised doubts about their ability to carry out their fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, and pushed the dollar to 110.11 yen on Monday, its lowest since Nov. 18.
It has since recovered almost 1 percent but was still lower 0.2 percent at 110.96 yen on Wednesday.
"(The dollar's strength) is probably more a function of the very strong U.S. consumer confidence numbers we saw yesterday and the somewhat more hawkish noises we've seen emanating from the Fed," said Alvin Tan, currency strategist at Société Générale in London.
U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said in a television interview on Tuesday that two more increases to U.S. overnight interest rates this year seemed "about right".
The Fed raised rates in March, and a majority of the central bank's policymakers foresee at least two more increases this year.
But Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Tuesday that the collapse of the healthcare bill had made the U.S. central bank's job harder as it tried to anticipate which set of policies would pass.
Sterling steadied at $1.2452 as investors focused on Britain's formal request to leave the European Union.
The euro was down 0.2 percent on the day at $1.0792.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Jermey Gaunt)
A logo of UniCredit is seen in downtown Milan, August 18, 2014. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
MILAN UniCredit has devalued its stake in banking industry bailout fund Atlante by 80 percent, a document on its website showed, indicating Italy's biggest bank has little hope of recouping money invested to prop up failing rivals.
Atlante was set up in April last year with 4.25 billion euros in contributions from Italy's leading banks and insurers. It immediately rode to the rescue of Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, two regional lenders which failed to raise capital on the market.
Atlante has pumped a total 3.4 billion euros into the two lenders, which have now requested a state bailout as they need more capital to stay afloat.
The document showed that UniCredit had written down its 686 million euro stakes in Atlante by 547 million euros.
(Reporting by Gianluca Semeraro, writing by Valentina Za,)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Peruvian championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Deportivo Municipal 2 Ayacucho FC 0 Juan Aurich 1 Sport Rosario 1 Sport Huancayo 2 Melgar 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Alianza Lima 14 9 2 3 25 11 29 ------------------------- 2 UTC 14 8 2 4 17 9 26 3 Sport Huancayo 15 7 5 3 23 16 26 4 Universitario 14 6 5 3 18 13 23 5 Deportivo Municipal 15 6 5 4 17 13 23 6 Real Garcilaso 14 7 2 5 17 20 23 7 Sporting Cristal 14 6 4 4 20 18 22 8 Sport Rosario 15 5 6 4 16 18 21 9 Melgar 15 5 4 6 19 18 19 10 San Martin 14 5 3 6 23 24 18 11 Comerciantes Unidos 14 4 4 6 18 21 16 12 Ayacucho FC 15 4 3 8 15 26 15 13 Union Comercio 14 4 2 8 19 19 14 14 Alianza Atletico 14 4 2 8 15 20 14 15 Juan Aurich 15 2 8 5 16 25 14 16 Academia Cantolao 14 2 5 7 11 18 11 1: Championship play-off 1: Copa Libertadores Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Union Comercio v Sporting Cristal (1800) Alianza Atletico v UTC (2030) Comerciantes Unidos v Alianza Lima (2030) San Martin v Real Garcilaso (2030) Monday, August 14 Universitario v Academia Cantolao (0100)
May 2 Dundee Energy Ltd
* Dundee Energy Limited announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Dundee Energy Ltd - Revenues before royalty interests earned from oil and natural gas sales during Q1 of 2017 were $7.0 million versus $5.0 million
* Dundee Energy Ltd - Production volumes during Q1 of 2017 averaged 10,238 mcf/d (three months ended March 31, 2016 - 10,872 mcf/d) of natural gas
* Dundee Energy Ltd - Production volumes during Q1 of 2017 averaged 436 bbls/d (three months ended March 31, 2016 - 490 bbls/d) of oil and liquids Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OTTAWA, April 10 Canadian housing starts jumped far more than expected in March, data from the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation showed on Monday in a report that suggested the real estate market was continuing to defy expectations of a slowdown.
DEFENDING champion Ateneo de Manila University and Far Eastern University (FEU) dispute the remaining finals berth today in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines Season 80 men's volleyball tournament at The Arena in San Juan City.
Game time is at 2 p.m.
Four-time Most Valuable Player Marck Espejo's record-setting performance allowed the Blue Eagles to get a lifeline following an 18-25, 25-13, 24-16, 25-23, 15-9 win over the Tamaraws last Saturday.
Espejo's 55-point effort will go for naught if Ateneo won't make it to the last dance.
“I want my last playing year to be memorable,” said Espejo.
As Espejo is expected to be the marked guy, veteran setter Ish Polvorosa should find ways to get their other hitters involved and somehow lessen the offensive burden of the Marikina native.
The Tamaraws, who hold the twice-to-beat advantage for finishing No. 2 in the eliminations, lost against the Eagles for the first time in three meetings this season.
“We have to triple our effort [to level our head-to-head match up this season,” said Ateneo mentor Oliver Almadro. “We believe in destiny. We need to work as a team.”
The last time the Eagles missed the finals was in the 2012-13 season.
The survivor of the FEU-Ateneo clash will play National University in the best-of-three championship starting on Saturday at the Araneta Coliseum.
The Tamaraws are 0-2 against the Bulldogs in the eliminations, while the Eagles have split their head-to-head with the Bustillos-based spikers this season.
Jude Garcia, JP Bugaoan and RJ Paler will be the vital cogs for FEU, which squandered a 2-1 set lead as it crumbled to Espejo's onslaught.
Three of Sussex's big hopes for the Vitality T20 Blast campaign are reflecting on differing Indian Premier League fortunes.
Jofra Archer and Chris Jordan have flown back from the tournament, while Rashid Khan will also feature for the Sharks when the T20 Blast starts on July 4.
Archer starred for the Rajasthan Royals, who made it to the play-offs. The Royals lost in the eliminator to the Kolkata Knight Riders. The 23-year-old took 15 wickets in ten matches in their debut IPL season, with their best performance 3-22 in their debut against the Mumbai Indians.
The Royals signed Archer for £800,000 having impressed in Australia's Big Bash League (BBL) earlier this year. The Barbadian also took 15 wickets in ten matches, guiding the Hobart Hurricanes to a semi-final.
Meanwhile Khan made plenty of headlines in India as they became the second highest wicket-taker of the tournament, taking three wickets fewer than Kings XI Punjab and Australian, Andrew Tye.
The 19-year-old took 21 wickets in 17 matches for the Surisers Hyderabad, guiding their team to the final, in which they lost to the Chennai Super Kings. The leg-spin bowler's best figures were 3-19 against the Knight Riders in the semi-final, and they 34 not out in a 10-ball cameo.
This is the Afghan's second season in the IPL and they impressed last year as they took 17 wickets from 14 matches. Khan also featured in this year's BBL, taking 18 wickets from 11 matches for the Adelaide Strikers.
Fellow Sunriser Jordan featured only once during the IPL, playing against the Kings XI Punjab last month, but failed to take a wicket, producing figures of 0-31. The England International played in the Pakistan Super League earlier this year for the Peshawar Zalmi, who eventually lost in the final to Islamabad United. Jordan has played two matches in the IPL since their debut season in 2016.
Sussex's first T20 match this year is away to Essex Eagles on July 4. The home campaign starts versus Surrey on July 13.
TOP SHOT: Tanya Cefai submitted this amazing cane fire shot the same week the Bundaberg Sugar mills hit a weekly record.
BUNDABERG Sugar Mills have beaten a five-year old weekly production record.
The Bundaberg Sugar mills processed 97,750 tonnes of cane for the week ending August 12, the highest throughput for the season. Bundaberg Sugar grower services officer Gavin Lerch said it was the highest weekly throughput since 2012 .
They attributed the record to to excellent mill performance at both mills and a six day crushing mode at Bingera.
Mr Lerch said the crush district received some rainfall but this failed to have a major impact on the crushing.
"Millaquin Mill capitalised on some small cane supply delays by rescheduling their maintenance earlier in the week. Any rain received was welcomed by the growers,” they said.
The CCS has continued to rise and is about half a unit higher than the same time last season.
The weekly average CCS at Bingera was 14.18 units and 14.17 at Millaquin.
The season to date average CCS is 13.34 units.
Mr Lerch said three major varieties continue to dominate cane supply, accounting for 71% and are performing well for growers.
KQ228 accounted for 29% of supply with a CCS average of 14.14.
Q240 (26% of supply) had a CCS average of 14.56.
Q208 (16% of supply) had a CCS average of 14.33 units.
The highest CCS recorded this week was 16.70 units for KQ228 first ratoon.
Mr Lerch said growers are reminded that plant inspections are available through Bundaberg Sugar Services Limited.
"Inspections should take place prior to planting, to ensure clean, disease free planting material is used,” they said.
(Changes dateline and information source, adds detail, context)
ARKHANGELSK, Russia, March 29 Russia's and Turkey's economy ministries plan to hold talks on Russian grain supplies to Turkey in early April, Russian deputy economy minister Alexei Gruzdev said on Wednesday.
Turkey has put purchases of wheat, maize (corn) and sunflower from Russia on hold by imposing high import tariffs from mid-March. Ankara officially denies any bans on imports from Russia, while Moscow has said that the move is hindering relations.
"We keep the vector on development of bilateral relations," Gruzdev said on the sidelines of an International Arctic Forum in Russia's northern city of Arkhangelsk.
They declined to estimate when the issue could be resolved.
The reason for Ankara's move remains officially unclear, however, the Turkish economy ministry has said that an improvement in political ties with Russia was "not fully reflected yet in economic relations" as Russia is yet to restore visa-free regime with Turkey after a previous row.
Gruzdev declined to comment on when the visa issue could decide, saying that it was a question of bilateral contacts. (Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; writing by Maria Tsvetkova and Polina Devitt; editing by David Evans)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 down 0.5 pct
* Banks among those falling the most
* Ex-divs also weigh
* AB Foods boosted by upgrade
By Kit Rees
LONDON, April 13 Britain's top share index declined on Thursday, with financials in the spotlight as U.S. banks were set to report earnings, though volumes were light ahead of a market holiday.
The blue-chip FTSE 100 index was down 0.5 percent at 7,311.88 points by 0945 GMT, in line with a broader decline on European markets.
The FTSE 100 was on track to post a slight loss for the week.
Financials weighed on the FTSE 100, taking off nearly 12 points. Royal Bank of Scotland, HSBC, Standard Chartered and Barclays all fell by 1 percent to 1.6 percent, as investors anticipated earnings releases from their U.S. counterparts later in the day.
"Banks are on offer this morning, and we think that's ... because it's reporting season for the U.S. banks, so a bit of a choppy day in the banking sector globally," John Moore, trader at Berkeley Capital, said. "We're seeing a bit of risk-off ahead of the bank holiday weekend."
Energy stocks were the biggest drag on the index, taking off around 15 points. BP and Royal Dutch Shell both were down around 1.4 percent as the price of oil edged lower.
Stocks trading without rights to their latest dividend payout dragged, including Standard Life, which dropped 3.5 percent and was the biggest individual faller.
Primark-owner Associated British Foods jumped 3.4 percent to its highest level since the beginning of January after Jefferies raised its rating on the stock to a "buy", citing continued strength in sugar and a turn in Primark margins .
"The 19 April interims should confirm strong results ... thanks to fx translation boost and a sugar rebound. We also expect a more assured message on the Primark margin outlook," analysts at Jefferies said in a note.
Precious metals miners were also in demand, with Fresnillo and Randgold Resources both gaining more than 1.2 percent.
The underlying price of gold hit a five-month peak as investors sought safe-haven assets amid rising geopolitical tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea. A weaker U.S. dollar also helped. (Reporting by Kit Rees, editing by Larry King)
March 29 Egalet Corp-
* Egalet announces FDA does not object to distribution of materials,communications to healthcare professionals regarding abuse-deterrent properties of Arymo ER
* Egalet's challenge to FDA's exclusivity decision still under consideration Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
May 2 Philippine Business Bank Inc A Savings Bank
* Qtrly net interest income grew by 15.8% to 682.7 million pesos
* Net interest margin grew by 16 basis points from 3.8% as of year-end 2016 to 4.0% in March 2017
* Pre-tax pre-provision profit ended at 234.6 million pesos for the first quarter of 2017 from 209.2 million pesos in 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MONACO May 3 Gianluigi Buffon celebrated their 100th Champions League game for Juventus in typical fashion on Wednesday, making a string of brilliant saves in a 2-0 win at Monaco in the first leg of their semi-final.
To pay tribute to the 39-year-old goalkeeper, who has been a Juve stalwart for over 16 years, their club posted a video on Twitter before the game featuring some of their finest moments in the showcase competition.
They could now make it a bit longer with the highlights of their performance against Monaco in which they repeatedly denied the principality team's dangerous strikers, including teenage striker Kylian Mbappe.
"They (Juventus) had two chances and scored two goals, we had many and scored none, that says it all", said 18-year-old striker Mbappe, who had scored 18 goals in their last 18 competitive games, including three in the 6-3 aggregate win over Borussia Dortmund in the last eight.
Keeping a clean sheet against free-scoring Monaco, who have netted a massive 146 goals in all competitions this season, was no easy task and required a top keeper.
Buffon, who has conceded two goals in this Champions League campaign and gone over 600 minutes without picking the ball out of their net, again proved they were just that, most notably when they tipped a Valere Germain header over their bar in the closing stages.
They were careful, however, not to get carried away.
"We approached the game the way we had to and did what they had to do," Buffon told BeIN Sports television.
"We do have an advantage but we also know Monaco have excellent players capable of scoring away. It's not over."
Arguably the finest goalkeeper of their generation, Buffon has collected plenty of silverware during their illustrious career, winning six Serie A titles with Juve and lifting the World Cup with Italy in 2006.
They have, however, never won the Champions League, losing two finals with Juventus, in 2003 and 2015.
A third final looks pretty close and maybe Juventus will soon be posting another video with more acrobatics from their flying veteran.
(writing by Patrick Vignal in Paris, editing by Ed Osmond)
A father broke down in court clutching their baby girl as the woman who admitted to killing their girlfriend and cutting the child from their womb was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Ashton Matheny was seen sobbing during the victim impact statements, clutching their and Savanna Greywind's baby, who is now in their custody.
North Dakota woman Brooke Crews, 38, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the August death of Greywind, 22, of Fargo, the Daily Mail reports.
Crews did not have a plea deal with prosecutors, but hoped that admitting responsibility at a December hearing would help them at Friday's sentencing.
Advertisement
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole, saying Crews admitted to cutting out the baby while Greywind went in and out of consciousness. Greywind bled to death, according to Assistant Cass County State's Attorney Leah Jo Viste.
Savanna Greywind. Photo / Facebook
Defense attorney Steven Mottinger asked for a sentence of life with parole.
"Acceptance of responsibility is important," Mottinger said. "It has to mean something."
Crews appeared in court in orange prison clothing, cuffed at the wrists, and read a statement of apology.
"There is no excuse. There is no rationalisation. There is nothing," they said.
Photo / AP
They had no visible reaction when State District Judge Frank Racek handed down the sentence.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches.
Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn.
Hoehn has pleaded not guilty and is scheduled for trial in March.
Greywind's mother, Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, said during the sentencing hearing that what Crews did was "beyond evil" and that "I don't feel there is any court sentence that would ever be strong enough."
Family members listen to the sentencing of Brooke Crews for the murder of Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind. Photo / David Samson /The Forum via AP
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police they came home on August 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom.
Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family." Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind.
Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki talks to Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi (not pictured) during their meeting at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing, China April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Parker Song/Pool
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi (2nd R) meets with Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki (2nd L) at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing, China April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Parker Song/Pool
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi (R) shakes hands with their Palestinian counterpart Riyad Al-Maliki ahead of their meeting at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing, China April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Parker Song/Pool
BEIJING Palestinians must be allowed to build an independent state, China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Thursday after meeting Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki, who pushed Beijing to do more in the Middle East peace process.
Chinese envoys occasionally visit Israel and the Palestinian Territories, though China has traditionally played little role in Middle East conflicts or diplomacy, despite its reliance on the region for oil.
Wang told a joint press briefing with Maliki that 70 years after a U.N. resolution was passed on a plan for a Jewish state, Palestinians are still being prevented from having their own independent country.
"This is unfair. This kind of historical injustice must be corrected. It cannot continue," Wang said.
It was time to overcome inertia and restart Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, they said.
Maliki said Palestinians appreciated and welcomed China's efforts to facilitate peace.
"And we do encourage China to do more of this kind of approach, in order to see peace ultimately achieved in our region," they added.
Beijing has traditionally had a good relationship with the Palestinians.
The Middle East, however, is fraught with risk for China, a country that has little experience navigating the religious and political tensions that frequently rack the region.
China's President Xi Jinping told visiting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in March that peaceful coexistence between Israel and Palestine would be good for both parties and the region, and that it was favoured by the international community.
(Reporting by Michael Martina; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Emma Una
CALABAR— TO stem the high incidence of building collapse in Nigeria, stakeholders in the construction industry have called on the Federal Government to mete out stiff penalty, including life sentences and death on persons who cause a building or road to collapse.
The stakeholders, among them representatives of builders, building materials manufacturers, town planners, building materials merchants and Standards Organisation, SON, made the call in Calabar, Cross River State in a communiqué at the end of one-day workshop on Increased Awareness on Building Collapse in Nigeria, stating that the frequency of building collapse in the country was causing enormous loss of lives and resources, which deserves drastic action to stem the occurrence.
The communiqué by Michael Ogbuji, SON Coordinator in Cross River State, Mr Victor Egharevba of Lafarge Africa, Festus Mbom of Building Materials Traders Association and Abanna Edim of Cross River State Ministry of Lands, said: “Negligence, faulty designs, quackery, granting of illegal approvals, sub-standard materials such as blocks, iron rods, untested construction methods are all major contributors to building collapse and these are all human factors.
“Therefore, stiffer punitive measures, including death penalty, should be taken against persons responsible for the collapse of any building in the country.”
March 31 Peking University Resources Holdings Co Ltd
* Xie Ke Hai resigned as executive director with effect from 31 March 2017
* Shi Hua and Liao Hang were appointed as executive directors
* Wei Jun Min and Xie Ke Hai resigned as executive directors with effect from 31 March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Filmmaker Jasmine Leyva is named recipient of The VeganFlix Video Seed grant with 90-minute independent documentary, 'The Invisible Vegan'
VeganFlix Film Winner, Jasmine Leyva
Media Contact
Founder, Sara Millman
323-379-9779
veganflix@gmail.com Founder, Sara Millman323-379-9779
End
-- After a month-long process that involved reviewing thought-provoking and impressive vegan film submissions, VeganFlix has announced the winner of it'swhich explores and promotes animal justice while also contributing to vegan awareness in a positive way.Her film,, explores the issues involved with unhealthy dietary patterns in the African-American community, while also foregrounding the health and wellness possibilities enabled byand lifestyle choices.The documentary offers its viewers both historical and contemporary perspectives on the dietary trends among African-Americans while also showing how intertwined histories of slavery, twentieth-century socioeconomic inequalities, and the rise of Big Food have led to the increased consumption and subsequent dependence on meat, processed junk and fast food."With very few, if any, video grants offered to, we feel it's vitally important to bring awareness and support to aspiring filmmakers like Leyva who want to bring awareness to thefor people, the planet, and animals," explains Sara Millman, who is the Founder of VeganFlix.Leyva's film was chosen due in part because of how uniquely it portrays the Vegan message while also portraying an accurate depiction of the healthy lifestyle it brings upon its practitioners.Millman, noting that, "As people are 'going vegan' in increasing numbers world over, Veganflix is excited to showcase all of our stories."Leyva has received a small monetary grant in honor of their film's win as well as promotion of their film online and on social media on behalf of the site. VeganFlix hopes that this recognition will act as inspirational fuel to others while also aspiring future filmmakers from all walks of life to create films that will further support the vegan journey. Leyva hopes that in turn, their work will in turn help to impact the world in a positive way.Currently, VeganFlix is prepping for their upcomingThe winner of this year's grant will receive $2,500 in prize money on behalf of the award's new sponsor, the hunger relief and animal protection organization,. The winner will also receive future promotion of their film by VeganFlix. To learn more about the grant, please visit: www.veganflix.com/ veganflix-video- seed-grant About VeganFlix:Founded in 2016 by independent filmmaker and writer Sara Millman, VeganFlix is the result of the artist's dedication to animal rights and their passion for films and storytelling. A vegan for 40 years and counting, their life's work has been to actively support and promote justice for all living beings. Them work has been screened and distributed on six continents.For media inquires regarding VeganFlix individuals are encouraged to contact Founder, Sara Millman directly at 323-379-9779 or via email at veganflix@gmail.com. To learn more about the company, please visit: http://www.veganflix.com
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
April 10Jiangxi Fushine Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 30 percent to 50 percent, or to be 47.9 million yuan to 55.3 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 36.9 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is increased sales revenue of main products
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/i9VJTG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
If there was ever any doubt that President Donald Trump's strike against Syria was also intended to send a message to Pyongyang, the deployment this weekend of a U.S. carrier strike group towards the Korean Peninsula should have cleared it up.
There is now a strange symmetry to the two principal foreign policy crises the Trump administration is confronting: the civil war in Syria and North Korea's growing nuclear weapons program. Each bisects Washington's relations with its two primary geopolitical rivals, Russia and China. And neither offers an easy solution.
Washington would like North Korea's Kim Jong-un and Syria's Bashar al-Assad gone. It believes North Korea's nuclear ambitions risk a regional conflict, while Syria's ongoing civil war is destabilizing the Middle East and providing havens for militant groups such as Islamic State.
None of the military options for North Korea are good, and most risk sparking the conflict everyone wants to avoid – possibly while leaving the country's nuclear program intact. The Obama administration tried to topple Assad through limited support to local forces, without success. No one in the Trump White House has publicly pushed for a large ground intervention, even if Trump could get such an operation past Congress.
At best, the Trump administration hopes it could do a grand bargain with Moscow and Beijing, persuading them to help bring things under control.
At the same time, greater U.S. military action could feed the growing risk of confrontation between nuclear superpowers. Those at the top of the administration – particularly National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and Defense Secretary James Mattis, the key voices behind Thursday's strike – know this. In Thursday's strike the U.S. military prioritized avoiding Russian casualties, giving Moscow advanced warning and minimizing the threat to Russian advisers believed to be on the targeted Shayrat airbase.
The strike doesn't appear to be the start of a wider U.S. effort to topple Assad militarily. In a weekend interview with Fox News, McMaster said its goal was largely limited to deterring further use of chemical weapons.
Persuading Russian President Vladimir Putin to switch positions on Assad will be a main focus for U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's Moscow visit. The strike, however, has hurt Trump's chances of having improved relations with Putin, who will reportedly not meet the top U.S. diplomat.
At the very least, Moscow now seems likely to step up military support for both Syria and Iran, including possibly the supply of air defense weaponry that will make further U.S. action more difficult.
In the aftermath of the missile launches from U.S. warships in the Mediterranean, Russia sent one of its own vessels to patrol the same area. China's sole aircraft carrier has also been exercising off the Korean Peninsula, a reminder of its likely opposition to any U.S. military action there.
Russia also reportedly pulled out from its deal to coordinate aerial activities over Syria after the strike, raising the risk of inadvertent incidents. Reports differ on whether the “deconfliction line” has since been reinstated – the U.S. military says it won't comment on the status of the agreement or exact methods used, but that it continues to communicate with Russian officials.
These disputes could also poison wider relations. Moscow could retaliate for the Syria strike with further violence in Ukraine or by destabilizing Eastern Europe. If relations with China were to collapse over a strike on North Korea, Beijing could become even more assertive in the South China Sea. Alternatively, either power might try to retaliate in cyberspace, sparking a new kind of warfare no one knows how to control.
This weekend's meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping was always partly intended to be about clearing up some of those differences, or at least making sure all sides knew where they stood. The U.S. administration hopes the strikes on Syria helped show Beijing that Washington is not to be trifled with, but it also wants to hold open the option of partnership.
It may have worked, at least for now. An article in China's state-run Global Times quoted a Chinese analyst as saying North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons was approaching China's “bottom line”, implying Beijing might take a tougher stance against Pyongyang. But it repeated China's opposition to U.S. military action, which the analyst and other experts said could bring about “unbearable consequences”.
Washington wants to keep up the psychological pressure on both the North Korean and Syrian leadership. U.S. officials said one option considered but rejected at this stage was a direct “decapitation strike” against Assad . U.S. forces have also reportedly trained for direct attacks on North Korea's Kim.
For now, the restraining hand of Moscow and Beijing probably keeps that within the realm of diplomatic posturing. As the United States learned in Iraq, regime change can only usher in more problems – but it's a reminder how the shifting global landscape has changed for Washington since 2003.
In their interview with Fox, McMaster said the Trump administration has managed a remarkable degree of “concurrent activity” this week over Russia, Syria and its summit with China and nobody “even broke a sweat over it”. But neither of these stories is over, and there could be some very sweaty days to come.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
SOFIA Bulgarian prosecutors said on Monday they had charged the country's interim health minister with misuse of power for threatening the head of a state health agency because they would not hire their protege.
Ilko Semerdzhilev, who is also Bulgaria's interim deputy prime minister, threatened to sack the executive director of the country's drug agency for refusing the favoured candidate, citing potential conflict of interest, the prosecutors in a statement.
They said two witnesses reported the threats against agency head Asena Stoimenova and quoted Semerdzhiev as telling them on March 24: "I can sack you, I can also do other things to you."
Semerdzhiev denied any wrongdoing.
"Stoimenova's resignation has not been requested," Semerdzhiev said in a statement, adding that Stoimenova had organised "massive pressure" on them not to sack them though such a threat has never existed.
Bulgaria, one of the European Union's poorest and most corrupt members, has been persistently criticized by the European Commission for failing to sever links between graft-prone officials and business people and impose strict rule of law.
The interim government was appointed by President Rumen Radev in late January and will stay in office until a new government is formed following snap elections held on March 26.
Last year, prosecutors charged a former health minister and three former energy ministers over mismanagement. Their cases have yet to come to a court and all have denied wrongdoing.
(Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova and Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Tom Heneghan and Stephen Powell)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Police near Cincinnati say the mother of a 10-month-old girl sat them down in a car seat on a driveway and then apparently forgot they were there and backed a vehicle over the child, who later died.
Police say it appears to be a tragic accident that occurred midday Tuesday in Union Township, just east of Cincinnati in Clermont County.
Township police say the woman left their younger child on the driveway while tending to an older child in the vehicle, then started to drive and hit the younger child. Police say the girl was rushed by helicopter to a children's hospital but died Tuesday evening.
Investigators haven't publicly identified the family involved. The incident remains under investigation.
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Profit forecasts for 2018 are rising fast as analysts factor in benefits from the U.S. tax overhaul, a trend that could temper worries about rising interest rates in the near term.
Wall Street's main indexes on Friday were headed for their worst week in two years as rates soared in the bond market and renewed fears of inflation gripped investors. But amid the selloff, one of the fundamental factors that drives stock prices - corporate earnings - keeps improving.
Earnings season is in full swing and with half of the S&P 500 companies still to report fourth-quarter results and potentially give guidance on 2018, profit estimates are likely to increase further.
The upward trajectory of forecasts has caught the attention of investors anxious to see signs that earnings can support lofty stock valuations and offset concerns over rising bond yields and the pace of Federal Reserve rate hikes. Rising rates in general mean higher borrowing costs for companies.
The S&P 500 is up roughly 4 percent so far this year, even after giving back gains this week, and rose 19.4-percent in 2017. Whether this week's downturn in global equity markets continues will depend in part on upcoming earnings reports.
“Stocks may have been overbought, and some of that was alleviated this week. Earnings are still rising and cash flow is still rising,” said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Reports from both Apple and Google parent Alphabet late Thursday disappointed investors, as did Friday's results from ExxonMobil and Chevron. But fourth-quarter S&P 500 results overall have been much stronger than expected.
Among changes to the tax law, the corporate income tax rate drops to 21 percent from 35 percent, so earnings estimates for the first quarter and all of 2018 have jumped, according to Thomson Reuters data.
First-quarter profit growth for S&P 500 companies is now estimated at 17.7 percent, up from 11.7 percent on Dec. 20, when both houses of Congress approved the tax revamp. Earnings growth for 2018 is now forecast at 18.2 percent, up from 11.5 percent on Dec. 20.
Typically, expectations decline as the earnings reporting season for the quarter approaches. On average, profit growth expectations fall by 4 percentage points from the start of the quarter to the start of earnings season, said David Aurelio, senior research analyst at Thomson Reuters.
This January, there were 4.3 times more positive than negative revisions to S&P 500 2018 earnings estimates, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The one-month ratio of upward to downward revisions was the highest since at least 1986, as far back as the bank's data goes.
Those upward revisions are likely to continue.
All of the S&P 500 companies together are expected to show earnings of about $155 per share this year in aggregate, up about $9 since Dec. 20, Thomson Reuters' estimates show.
The tax reform benefit is estimated to add more than that, however - a full $13 - which suggests there “there is more room to run,” BofA-ML strategists said in a note.
“Usually there isn't an event like this,” which affects so many companies at once, said Jill Carey Hall, equity and quant strategist at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
In addition to the tax law, U.S. companies' earnings are benefiting from improving global economic demand and the weaker U.S. dollar, which helps U.S. multinationals, they said.
Those factors could help to underpin U.S. earnings even after the tax benefit is priced in.
“We step back and look and so far earnings have been awful good,” said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas.
Among companies due to report next week are Walt Disney , General Motors, several biotech companies including Gilead and restaurants including Chipotle Mexican Grill.
News Desk
LAHORE: Saman Tariq Malik, an English major from Lahore University of Management Sciences has won the prestigious Rhodes Scholarship. Each year the Rhodes Trust awards this scholarship to one person from each member country to study at Oxford. Saman is the Rhodes Scholar-elect from Pakistan for the year 2017. They competed for this scholarship against an estimated 4000 applications from Pakistan this year. The result was announced on the 26thof November 2016 by Mr. Babar Sattar, the National Secretary for Pakistan Rhodes Scholarship Selection Committee, following the interviews held in Islamabad.
Along with a major in English, Saman also earned a minor in History during their time in LUMS. They represent the first student from Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani School of Humanities and Social Sciences to have won the Rhodes. Saman was consistently on the Dean's Honor List and was also the winner of the prestigious Raazia Waseem Award for the Best Senior Project in English at LUMS.
Them research thesis was a culmination of their long term interest in literary histories of South Asia. Though Saman officially majored in English, their work is essentially interdisciplinary in nature, traversing the disciplines of history and comparative literature. Them areas of interest include the study of Urdu literary traditions, vernacular print cultures, narratives of exile, gender and reform discourses, the Anglophone novel, world literatures and Orientalism. Ostensibly, an examination of a lesser known Urdu translation of Kalidasa's ubiquitous Sakuntala by Akhtar Husain Raipuri, Saman's Senior Project diverged into a study of intellectual afterlives of literary texts in South Asia's context. Them project, “Many Afterlives: The Urdu Translation of Sakuntala and the Politics of Authenticity,” was supervised by Dr. Ali Raza (Assistant Professor, History) and Dr. Maryam Wasif Khan (Assistant Professor, English and Comparative Literature) and is now being revised for publication.
During their undergraduate academic career, Saman was involved in a range of extracurricular and service activities. In 2016, they were selected as a research assistant for Dr. Ali Usman Qasmi's project on the Archives of Pakistan. They assisted in organizing the first comprehensive workshop for archivists across the country taught by Dr Kevin Greenbank from the Cambridge University. Saman was also selected among nine students for a seminar workshop on the ‘The Ontology of a Witness of War' conducted by Dr. Manan Ahmad from Columbia University. As a research assistant for a remembrance-based digital archive project they assisted Dr. Ali Raza and continues to work on it after graduation. Alongside, they are also assisting Dr. Ali Usman Qasmi (Assistant Professor, History) in their historical inquiry on national culture of Pakistan.  They are a senior teaching assistant for courses at LUMS under the supervision of Dr. Maryam Wasif Khan who is preparing them for teaching. Recently, Saman delivered a lecture in Dr. Khan's Western Canon class: “Beyond the Western Canon: Sexuality, Sappho and Ismet Chugtai.” Saman is a contributing writer for the acclaimed online magazine, Tanqeed.  They are an artist with a special interest in contemporary Pakistani political art.
Vice Chancellor LUMS, Dr. Sohail Naqvi extended their felicitations while commenting that “Saman took full advantage of the open, interdisciplinary environment of LUMS, working with the resident and visiting international faculty to produce their insightful research thesis focusing on the literary histories of South Asia. They bring honour to herself, the Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani School of Humanities and Social Sciences, and LUMS. We are all truly proud of what Saman has achieved.
Saman aims to further their interest in South Asian literary cultures and digital archiving through an MPhil in Modern South Asian Studies at Oxford. According to Dean of the Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Dr. Ali Khan, “Saman's proposed research on intellectual and cultural histories of South Asia is likely to yield tremendous and much needed insights into our history. We need excellent historians in Pakistan and Saman is poised to join the ranks of the very best”.
Upon receiving the scholarship Saman thanked their faculty at MGSHSS saying, “I am deeply honored to be awarded the Rhodes Scholarship 2017. It is a dream come true. I want to thank Dr. Ali Usman Qasmi, Dr. Ali Raza, Dr. Kamal Munir, and Dr. Maryam Wasif Khan for their constant guidance, love and support. I look forward to my time at Oxford, contributing through my work to the diversity that comprises the Rhodes Scholar community'.
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; they won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' They obviously aren't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. They did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before their first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
Keep America Beautiful/Lowe's Community Partners Grant Will Support the Establishment of School-based Learning Gardens in North Georgia
Inspiration for Plant It Forwards Found at Pharr Elementary's Learning Garden
Contact
Kasie Bolling - Content Specialist
Out of Them Mind, LLC
***@outofhermindfreelance.com Kasie Bolling - Content SpecialistOut of Them Mind, LLC
End
-- Keep America Beautiful, the nation's iconic community improvement nonprofit organization, today announced the organization is providing Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful with a $20,000 grant as part of the 2017 Keep America Beautiful/Lowe's Community Partners Grant Program.The 2017 Keep America Beautiful/Lowe's Community Partners Grant Program engages local volunteers to take action to benefit their community with projects that focus on critical needs. Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful's grant program is titled Project Plant it Forward. Representing a collaborative effort between Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful, Gwinnett County Public Schools (GCPS), Monarchs Across Georgia, and the Captain Planet Foundation, Project Plant It Forward will allow local schools to create edible and pollinator "learning gardens.""Gleaning inspiration from the pay it forward movement, these gardens will not only promote much-needed pollinator conservation, they will also create a supply of locally-grown food for families in need," said Schelly Marlatt, Executive Director of Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful. "By making them school-based, we are teaching our children about the importance of conservation and sustainability, as well as the rewards that come from helping those in need. Above all, we are teaching them – at a young age – that they can have a hand in making a difference in their community and in the lives of others. We hope that's a lesson that resonates throughout their lifetimes. We are so incredibly grateful to Lowes and Keep America Beautiful for finding value in our vision and helping us make it a reality with our amazing partners at GCPS, Monarchs Across Georgia and the Captain Planet Foundation."In addition to Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful's grant initiative, Lowe's is supporting more than 30 other grant-funded community service projects in 2017. Since the Keep America Beautiful/Lowe's partnership began in 2012, Lowe's has contributed more than $6 million and over 1,800 Lowe's Heroes volunteers to help Keep America Beautiful improve communities. The projects range from restoring neighborhood parks and planting community and school gardens to leading disaster restoration initiatives and large-scale cleanups. The donation this year will also support Keep America's Beautiful's annual Great American Cleanup, the nation's largest community improvement program."Lowe's has been empowering our national network of affiliates with significant Lowe's Community Partners Grants for years, helping Keep America Beautiful turn public spaces into beautiful places," said Helen Lowman, president and CEO of Keep America Beautiful. "We believe everyone has a right to live in a clean, green and beautiful community, and Lowe's is taking responsibility to contribute to our vision."Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful plans to launch Project Plant It Forward in the following Gwinnett County Public Schools during the 2017-2018 school year: Couch Middle, Grayson Elementary, Grayson High, Pharr Elementary, Starling Elementary, Trip Elementary, Ferguson Elementary, Meadowcreek High, Nesbit Elementary, Radloff Middle and Rockbridge Elementary Schools. Brenda McDaniel, Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful's Green and Healthy Schools Coordinator, will coordinate between GCPS, Monarchs Across Georgia, and the Captain Planet Foundation to ensure the project's success at both the school and community levels."Our Lowe's Heroes volunteers are ready to roll up their sleeves to help make our communities better places to live," said James Frison, Lowe's director of community relations. "By working with Keep America Beautiful to address critical needs, we're demonstrating our commitment to protecting the environment and improving the health of our communities."Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful Services, Inc. (GCB) is a Keep America Beautiful affiliate and award-winning 501(c)(3) charitable organization. It boasts an expansive community-based network dedicated to finding long-term solutions to environmental and quality of life issues through individual action. The organization is guided by a Citizens Advisory Board that represents all sectors of the Gwinnett County community. A nationally recognized leader in creating cleaner, greener and more livable communities throughout Gwinnett, GCB involves more than 100,000 volunteers annually to clean and restore public places, recycle more, protect watersheds and develop the next generation of environmental flight attendants. To learn more about Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful, please visit www.GwinnettCB.org Lowe's, a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, has a 60-year legacy of supporting the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. In the past decade, Lowe's and the Lowe's Charitable and Educational Foundation together have contributed nearly $300 million to these efforts, and for more than two decades Lowe's Heroes volunteers have donated their time to make our communities better places to live. For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia (https://twitter.com/lowesmedia) on Twitter.Keep America Beautiful, the nation's iconic community improvement nonprofit organization, inspires and educates people to take action every day to improve and beautify their community environment. Established in 1953, we strive to End Littering, Improve Recycling and Beautify America's Communities. We believe everyone has a right to live in a clean, green and beautiful community, and shares a responsibility to contribute to that vision.Behavior change – steeped in education, research and behavioral science – is the cornerstone of Keep America Beautiful. We empower generations of community flight attendants with volunteer programs, hands-on experiences, curricula, practical advice and other resources to deliver measurable environmental, economic and social benefits. The organization is driven by more than 600 state and local affiliates, millions of volunteers, and the support of corporate partners, social and civic service organizations, academia, municipalities and government officials. Join us on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/keepamericabeautiful), Instagram (http://www.instagram.com/keepamericabeautiful), Twitter (http://www.twitter.com/kabtweet) and YouTube (http://www.youtube.com/kabnetwork). Donate and take action at kab.org.
* Benchmark 10-year bond yield falls to lowest in two months
* State-run banks refuse to lend bonds in repo on surplus cash
* Traders cut loss after massive short positions left uncovered (Updates repo volumes, closing level)
By Suvashree Choudhury
MUMBAI, April 3 India's benchmark 10-year bond rallied to its highest level in two months, as traders who had shorted the debt rushed to cover positions by buying the paper in spot markets after being unable to secure them through the inter-bank repo market.
The scramble for bonds came after some traders on Friday shorted the 6.97 percent bond due in 2026 and needed to secure the bonds on Monday to settle their trades.
Typically traders don't need to buy the debt outright; they can instead borrow the bonds to settle the trades. But state-run banks on Monday refused to lend out bonds in the repo market, forcing the traders with short positions to buy the debt in spot markets in what is known as a "repo squeeze".
As a result, the 2026 bond yield fell as much as 14 basis points to 6.55 percent, its lowest since Feb. 8, from Friday's close of 6.69 percent.
It ended at 6.65 percent, as banks started lending out some of the securities in repo markets - with repo volumes doubling to 66.67 billion rupees ($1.03 billion) from early trade - which helped ease up on short-covering.
Earlier in the day banks were reluctant to lend out cash saying they didn't need more funds since the sector was already flush with cash, after a ban on higher-value banknotes last year led to a surge in deposits.
"If I add more to the cash...I will have to answer to my top management and there will be an audit of my positions as well," said a senior treasury official at a large state-run bank, declining to be named, given the sensitivity of the issue.
"Why should I take such headache to make money for just one day?"
The incidents on Monday mark the latest repo squeeze to take place in India since the note ban. The last repo squeeze took place on March 3.
The short positions were placed on Friday as some traders bet prices would fall after state-run banks bought 150 billion rupees ($2.31 billion) of bonds in the last day of the 2016/17 fiscal year.
Traders predicted the bond rally would likely reverse itself once the short positions are settled, with caution likely to grow ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy meeting on Thursday. Most analysts expect no change in interest rates.
"Everyone is scrambling to meet their delivery obligations today to avoid a regulatory default but there are no stocks available," said a senior official at a primary dealership firm. ($1 = 65.0200 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury; Editing by Randy Fabi and Sunil Nair)
Contact
Tami Blodgett
***@positivemediaventures.com Tami Blodgett
End
-- In the new book, Nurse SPARKS, Maggie Perrone BSN, MA, OCN, will touch readers with their personal and profound journey of learning to listen to life's messages.In a story titled, "The Wake-Up Call," Maggie shares the story of how they finally allowed themselves to learn to listen to their heart and how that changed everything in their life.Maggie says, "How did listening to these wake-up calls change me? I now believe in miracles and that death truly leads to new life. Fear doesn't have the stranglehold on me, my thoughts, my intestines or my faith that it used to and that I allowed it to have on me. I learned that through the kindness, humility, compassion, and vulnerability of others who are willing to walk these paths beside me, I can mine new ways of being strong. I learned that agenda, drama, and expectations of others are false constructs that lead to deeper unhappiness, disappointment and wasted adrenal hormones."Maggie Perrone is the Executive Director of Genuine Journeys, a company dedicated to creating and facilitating retreats and workshops that help participants experience and expand their spiritual lives. They have over 30 years' experience in Emergency and Oncology nursing, teaching and healing those in difficult emotional, spiritual and physical situations. Maggie is a dynamic speaker with a unique touch, skilled in speaking to that which inherently and individually resounds with and connects us all. Maggie has the rare ability to guide people in contemplating ethereal concepts and then bringing them down to the reality of everyday life. Them talks connect people to each other in our shared humanity. Thus, learning to come home to ourselves in the process. They hold a Masters of Arts Degree in Pastoral Ministry from St. John's Seminary in Camarillo, California.Compiled by Authentic Messengers and Anita Stewart, RN, edited by Allison Saia, and published by Positive Media Press, Nurse SPARKS is filled with the stories of nurses from across the nation. Stories that reveal what it feels like to be working in a field that takes all of your heart and soul on a daily basis. A career that sometimes takes one to their knees, sends one home crying, exhausted, and spent of all energy. Or one that uplifts, opens the heart, inspires and illuminates.To learn more about Nurse SPARKS, go to: https://authenticmessengers.com/ For more information on Maggie, go to: http://www.genuinejourneys.com Contact Name: Tami BlodgettContact Phone: 541-668-7526Contact E-mail: team@positivemediapress.com
Market Overview:
Globally the cheese market is mainly driven by increasing consumption of dairy products included in daily diet of consumers. Increasing adaptation of European lifestyle and their food culture in U.S. is influencing the market growth. Applications of different types of cheese with various flavors in various sectors of food industries are supporting the product's sale. Cheese is extensively used in convenience foods, ready-to-eat meals, fast-foods and even in confectionery products. The high demand of the product across these industries is seen as a potential opportunity for its market.
Increase in consumer acceptance of ethnic cooking, such as Italian & Mexican, the demand for cheese and cheese products are expanding at an exponential rate. Being the largest cow producer in the world, U.S. is found to be a hub for fine qualities of cheese. The cheese varieties depend on the milk used as a raw material for cheese production. Large cow variety supports the high volume yield of milk which has a direct impact on the large volume of cheese production. Washington State itself in the U.S. is found to have nearly 273,000 dairy cows with varieties such as Jerseys, Guernseys, Brown Swiss and others. The increase in consumption of Italian and Mexican food preparations has raised the demand for cheese as cheese is one of the major constituent in these cuisines. For instance, pizza and pasta have become popular dishes consumed all over the world. Cheese is considered to be a vital ingredient in these food preparations.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2842
Latest Industry Updates:
Dec 2017 Naturipe Farms has been awarded with New York Produce Show and Conference for its Naturipe Snacks product line that combines fruit, cheese and nuts into one portable package.
July 2017 Land O'Lakes has launched a new product range of organic cheddar cheese powder in order to respond the consumers demand for natural dairy ingredients free from food coloring and dyes.
April 2017 Dean Foods Company and KRAFT Macaroni & Cheese have announced their collaboration to expand its business portfolio.
March 2017 Vermont Creamery has become independent operational subsidiary of Minnesota-based Land O'Lakes. This activity will help the company to produce fresh and aged goat cheeses, cultured butter and fresh dairy at the production unit.
Major Key Players:
Key players are focusing on expansion of their cheese business. From six years, strategy of expanding the cheese business holds around 33% of strategy share by key players. Acquisitions and partnership are two main factors which are contributing more than 34% of strategy share as it helping company to enhance their cheese production capacity and to capture more market share in U.S. and other regions in North America.
The key players profiled in U.S. cheese market are Land O'Lakes, Inc. (U.S.), Dairiconcepts L.P. (U.S.), The Kraft Heinz Co. (U.S.), Leprino Foods Company (U.S.), Associated Milk Producers Inc. (U.S.), Foremost Farms USA (U.S.), and Dairy Farmers of America Inc. (U.S.) among many others.
Industry Segments:
The U.S. Cheese Market has been segmented into type, form, packaging material, and distribution channel.
On The Basis of Type: Mozzarella, Cheddar, Cottage, Swiss, Blue, and Others
On The Basis of Form: Cubes, Slices, Tubs, Balls, and Others
On The Basis of Packaging material: Paper, plastic, metal, and others
On The Basis of Distribution Channel: Store Based (Hypermarket/ Supermarket, Retail Stores, Specialty Stores, Convenience stores, and others) and Non-Store Based
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/u-s-cheese-market-2842
Regional Analysis:
Overall cheese and curd import in U.S. has increased by 4.61% from the year 2012 to 2016. Italy is the major cheese importing country to U.S. has import share of 17% in the year 2016 which due to increasing popularity and consumption of Italian cheese in the United States. U.S is importing more cheese form New Zealand and import of cheese from New Zealand has increased significantly. Import of cheese from France has declined by 3.55% from the year 2012 to 2016. Maximum cheese imports form U.S. are other countries which contributes around 50% of import share.
A lucky feline, dubbed the “miracle cat,” who survived being impaled on two metal fence posts in London got a happy ending after being returned home to their owner.
Skittles was discovered early in the morning March 9 stuck on the eight-foot railings in a suburban part of the city. Officials had to use car-crash machinery to remove the ginger cat and they later underwent three emergency operations.
While performing the surgeries, the vet discovered that the fence posts had “narrowly missed” the cat's vital organs. One pole pierced their back leg and a second one hit theirs abdomen.
The cat's owner, 27-year-old Shanakei Forde, said 4-year-old Skittles had gone missing Friday, but since he's an outdoor cat they aren't too worried. By Sunday, they grew concerned and was making lost posters to hang when their neighbor told them about a cat that had been found.
“He heard about it at a residents meeting and told me the good news that he'd been found, but that he'd been injured” they told SWNS. “When I saw the pictures I couldn't believe my eyes, I didn't believe that was them — it was so shocking.”
They said Skittles, a tough but loving cat, is “a bit shaken up” and happy to be home with their two kids, who consider them their “best friend.”
Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals investigators are still unsure how Skittles ended up on the fence. They believe they could've either fallen from a nearby building or been intentionally put on the fence posts by the Croydon Cat Killer. Either way, he's lucky to be alive.
Forde is currently trying to raise money to cover Skittle's vet bills, which cost more than $4,000.
(Adds comments on loan pricing, Huishan Dairy)
BEIJING, March 30 China Construction Bank Corp (CCB) , the country's second-biggest lender by assets, expects its 2017 net interest margin to narrow only slightly over the course of the year, the bank said on Thursday.
The bank's net interest margin will fall within 10 basis points compared with the end of the fourth quarter of last year, Xu Yiming, the bank's chief financial officer, told a news briefing.
Xu said they expected the bank's loan pricing to improve slightly in 2017.
The lender's debt-to-equity swaps program was set to exceed 300 billion yuan ($43.54 billion) by the end of the first quarter, bank president Wang Zuji also told reporters.
CCB on Wednesday reported a slightly higher fourth-quarter and full-year net profit, amid a squeeze on bank margins.
The bank's net interest margin - the difference between interest paid and earned - narrowed to 2.2 percent at end-December, from 2.63 percent a year earlier.
CCB's non-performing loan (NPL) ratio eased to 1.52 percent at end-2016 from 1.56 percent at end-September.
The transfer of NPLs from CCB's balance sheet - which amounted to 38.15 billion yuan last year - are expected to be "much smaller" this year, said Peng Hongming, head of the bank's risk management department.
Separately, CCB president Wang said on the sidelines of the briefing that the bank had no loan or other credit exposure to troubled China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co Ltd. ($1 = 6.8895 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller; Additional reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Christopher Cushing)
April 20 UniCredit Chairman Giuseppe Vita tells annual general meeting:
* Abu Dhabi's investment fund Aabar has 5.038 percent stake, no other shareholder has more than 5 percent of bank following 13 billion euro new share issue Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
WAYNE Bennett no longer acts like Wayne Bennett.
Bennett faces a significant challenge in their career, with the Broncos under-siege heading into Thursday's clash against the pesky South Sydney Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium.
After seven rounds of the NRL season, Brisbane sit 10th on the ladder with a 3-4 record.
They should be a top four teams. That is what we have come to expect of the mighty Broncos.
A club with a $27 million home should not be mixing with the NRL's paupers.
But for a range of reasons, including a squad lacking depth in key positions and injuries to important players, the Broncos are in territory they have rarely been before.
Which makes Bennett more important than ever.
The coach with seven premierships next to their name, including all six of Brisbane's, has guided the Broncos through testing times before.
But things seem different this year, the penultimate season of the 68-year-old Bennett's current contract.
The Thaiday experiment was a failure. (Mark Kolbe/Getty Images)
When under the pump, coaches follow a similar pattern. They start to overthink their task.
One of Bennett's many great assets has been their predictability and stability.
The players know what to expect. They rarely wander from the simple tactics which have delivered them success for 40 years.
At the moment, Bennett is thinking far too deeply.
In Round 1, Bennett picked ageing prop Sam Thaiday to start at hooker ahead of Andrew McCullough, who was returning from a knee reconstruction.
A few days later, after the Broncos were thrashed 34-12 by St George Illawarra, Bennett admitted they made a mistake. Forgivable.
McCullough's injury has been a real blow. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
In Round 2, McCullough and Tevita Pangai Jr, Brisbane's most damaging front rower, started the match and the Broncos beat reigning grand finalists North Queensland.
They were fortunate to win a golden point thriller against Wests Tigers in Round 4 before suffering their first loss to the Gold Coast Titans at Suncorp Stadium in 11 years.
Before Brisbane's Round 5 game against Newcastle, Bennett guaranteed Kodi Nikorima and Anthony Milford would remain their halves for the year, no matter their form.
Nikorima missed Brisbane's Round 6 win against the Warriors with a corked thigh. When Bennett named their Round 7 team, Nikorima was on the bench.
Their guarantee lasted one match.
Milford has struggled to stamp their authority. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
In Brisbane's past two matches, a win against the Warriors and loss to Melbourne, Bennett has relegated Pangai Jr to the bench, a player who is surely better used in a starting position where they can make an impact before the game gets away.
The Broncos lost McCullough to an elbow injury midway through the second half of last Friday's loss to Melbourne and Bennett had a ready-made replacement in Nikorima to fill in at dummy-half.
Instead, they shifted Josh McGuire from lock to hooker, left Jack Bird at left centre after moving them from five-eighth and allowed Nikorima to remain in the halves alongside Milford, a combination which has struggled all season.
Jack Bird has been honest about their struggles. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
Bennett found a promising halves combination in Milford and Bird in the Warriors game, but shifted their star recruit after 45 minutes against the Storm in a move which Bird admitted shattered their confidence.
"I'm not sure why that was done," Broncos legend Steve Renouf said.
"Wayne has their way of doing things. (Bird was) one-and-a-half games into that position and you change …"
Jack Bird has been honest about their struggles. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
Renouf stopped mid-sentence, wary of questioning the coach which guided them to four premierships as a player.
I called Bennett on Tuesday to discuss a range of issues at the Broncos.
"I'm doing a press conference tomorrow," they said in the conversation that lasted 31 seconds.
It is the first time Bennett has flatly refused to talk to me.
Wayne seems like they are no longer Wayne.
April 13 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, with falling commodity prices weighing down materials and energy stocks. Oil futures fell on Wednesday after U.S. crude inventory data suggested the market was still heavily supplied, while Chinese iron ore and steel futures fell on fears of a supply glut. Stocks are also expected to track Wall Street, which fell on pressure from lingering geopolitical concerns and President Donald Trump's comments on the dollar and interest rates. The local share price index futures fell 31 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5896, a 38-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark rose 0.1 percent on Wednesday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.04 percent in early trade. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — President Donald Trump's decision to drastically reduce and break up a national monument in Utah wasn't the only blow Native American tribes say they were dealt last week.
The president's proclamation on Bears Ears National Monument also contained a little-known plan that changes the makeup of a tribal advisory commission for the remote monument filled with canyons, plateaus, rivers and rust-colored rock formations. It adds a county commissioner who is among the minority of Navajos to support Republicans in peeling back protections for the land.
The new commissioner will have the same authority as the group's five other members, all representatives of tribes.
The same day the president visited Utah to cut the monument by 85 percent to 315 square miles (815 square kilometers) and divide it into two units, a Utah member of congress introduced legislation to create tribal co-management councils that were touted by Trump and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke.
Advertisement
The Utah congressional delegation sees the changes as unifying forces in a region long divided over land management, and as a way to ensure local control.
Tribes say that while co-management might sound nice, the proposal by Republican Rep. John Curtis excludes tribes outside Utah and lets the president hand-select most representatives.
"Don't try to appease us by giving us something you think we want or you think will make us happy," said Katherine Belzowski, an attorney with the Navajo Nation Department of Justice. "This is a slap in the face."
Supporters heralded Bears Ears as the first national monument created by tribes on land they hold sacred. The monument contains tens of thousands of archaeological sites, including cliff dwellings.
Critics said President Barack Obama's decision to designate 2,188 square miles (5,667 square kilometer) was an egregious abuse of the Antiquities Act.
The original proclamation established the Bears Ears Commission as an advisory panel with one elected official from each of the Hopi, Navajo, Ute Mountain Ute, Ute and Zuni tribes.
Trump's proclamation maintains the commission but renames it the Shash Jaa Commission, using the Navajo name for Bears Ears. It also adds a representative from the San Juan County Commission, now Rebecca Benally.
Benally said the appointment "came out of the blue," but reflects a feeling among some that they were being left out of management discussions.
Obama's proclamation had a separate advisory committee for state and local governments, tribes, recreationists, business owners and private landowners.
Benally said they don't believe their role will dilute the tribal voice, and they want to elevate the commission's work to more than advising the federal government on how to manage the land.
"We can spin our wheels and advise and recommend all we want, and that's all it is," they said. "I think the true authority will come once John Curtis' bill can be passed."
The Bears Ears Commission and Benally have been at odds all along. The tribes say Benally wasn't elected to represent tribal interests and wasn't vested in the monument's creation. Unlike federally recognized tribes, county commissions have no direct relationship with the federal government.
The tribal group said it had been meeting regularly when it heard rumblings that Zinke would recommend shrinking the monument and was touting a management plan that would give tribes more say in Bears Ears decisions. Tribal co-management plans also were recommended at two national monuments in New Mexico and one in Nevada.
Curtis' legislation would create management councils for each of the two Bears Ears units that would "regularly and meaningfully engage" with the Bears Ears Commission.
The councils would have different makeups but largely would be stacked with Utah residents appointed by the president in consultation with the state's congressional delegation. Each council would include two San Juan County commissioners. Native Americans would be in the minority of one or both.
The management council for the monument's Shash Jaa unit would include a Navajo specifically from the Aneth Chapter — the only Navajo community that voted against creation of the larger Bears Ears National Monument. The community southeast of the monument's boundaries said the process in designating the larger monument was "undemocratic and unjust" and requested that Trump reverse it.
If passed, Curtis said, the bill would be a first in allowing tribes to co-manage a monument. It also would make "irrelevant" a lawsuit filed by tribes challenging Trump's proclamation because the legislation gives tribes what they're seeking, they said.
"This is not some kind of giveaway," said Danny Laub, a Curtis spokesperson. "This is an actual, very thoughtful, very serious legislative idea. We are in good faith trying to put forth a consensus of all these competing groups in the best possible way to manage these lands."
Natalie Landreth, an attorney with the Native American Rights Fund, said Curtis' bill is unacceptable for the three tribes they represent because it puts them in the minority and weakens their power on the panels that oversee the land. Tribes are not stakeholders, they said. They are sovereign entities.
"The particular way this was constituted is not an accident," Landreth said. "It's deliberately done to dilute and silence the tribal voice. They're not fooling anybody. This is not a co-management body."
___
Associated Press writer Michelle Price in Salt Lake City contributed to this report.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British drivers have been warned that they could be penalised for using their mobile phone in the car even if it's not them driving.
Drivers could be slapped with SIX points and a fine if they are using a phone while supervising a learner.
While instructing a learner you are legally responsible for the car.
This means all road laws apply to YOU while driving apply to you as an instructor in the passenger seat.
Neil Greig, IAM RoadSmart Director of Policy and Research, told the Express : "Supervising a learner actually puts you in the driving seat so legally you must treat it in the same way as if you were behind the wheel.
"Learning to drive is stressful enough without a passenger beside you who is more worried about posting than parking."
(Image: Lichfield Mercury)
UK motorists face the joint highest punishments for mobile phone offences in Europe.
Certain aspects of driving legislation do not apply to supervisors teaching learners how to drive - namely speeding.
However, this new warning comes as a big blow to motorists, who last year saw fines for using mobile phones at the wheel soar.
Fines increased in 2017 to £200 and six penalty points, to act as a deterrent to motorists.
Amanda Stretton, motoring editor at Confused.com says: “While riding as a passenger alongside a learner driver, you must have your wits about you as if you were the person in control of the car.
"And, therefore, the same rules about using your mobile phone apply.
“The new law introduced in March 2017 means all drivers now face tougher penalties for using their mobile phone while behind the wheel - a £200 fine and six penalty points.
"However, what is legal and what isn't can still be a grey area, so we asked police to help us create a mobile phone use advice guide to steer drivers in the right direction.”
March 31 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 19 points at 7,351 points on Friday, according to financial bookmakers. * SMITHS GROUP: The U.S. Justice Department said on Thursday it will require Smiths Group Plc to divest Morpho Detection LLC and Morpho Detection International LLC's global explosive trace detection business for Smiths to proceed with its proposed $710 million acquisition of Morpho from Safran SA . * JOHN LEWIS: John Lewis , Britain's largest department store operator, is hopeful any downturn in consumer spending will see history repeat itself with a "flight to quality" rather than consumers opting to trade down, its new boss said on Thursday. * BRITAIN M&A: Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity involving British companies remained relatively robust in the first quarter of the year despite expectations of a slowdown ahead of the country's divorce from the European Union. * BRITAIN ECONOMY: British consumer morale steadied in March but households remain downbeat about the outlook for the economy as the process of leaving the European Union gets underway, a survey showed on Friday. * BREXIT: The European Union will tell Britain on Friday how it aims to negotiate its "orderly withdrawal" from the bloc, limit uncertainties for businesses and pave the way for a close future partnership. * OIL: Oil prices eased on Friday as traders took profits following three days of straight gains on the expectation that an OPEC-led crude supply cut that was initially supposed to only last for the first half of the year would be extended. * The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index closed down 0.06 percent at 7,369.52 on Thursday, with mining stocks providing the most support, while stocks trading without their dividends weighed on the market. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Chesnara Plc Full Year 2016 Sinclair Pharma Full Year 2016 Pantheon Resources Plc Half Year 2017 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sunil Nair)
MADRID Bahrain-based Investcorp is studying the sale of Spanish ceramic glazes firm Esmalglass in a deal that could be worth close to 600 million euros ($640.68 million), three sources with knowledge of the deal said.
Investcorp is finalizing an agreement to give Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) the mandate to advise on the sale of Esmalglass, which it bought in 2012, the sources said.
Esmalglass's valuation would be about six or seven times its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), one source said.
In 2016 Esmalglass recorded an EBITDA of close to 80 million euros, according to two sources with access to its accounts, which are not public.
Investcorp, a private equity investor, and Deutsche Bank declined to comment.
Esmalglass has 305 million euros in debt, according to Thomson Reuters data, and its main creditors are JP Morgan (JPM.N), Barclays (BARC.L) and Deutsche.
The company, headquartered in Spain's Valencia region, operates in 10 countries, including China and Brasil, and has over 1,000 employees.
(Additional reporting by Arno Schuetze in Frankfurt, Writing by Angus Berwick, Editing by Sarah White)
Network centric warfare is a system of smart sensors, command & control systems, and accuracy weapons that enable enhanced situational awareness, rapid target assessment, and distributed weapon assignment. Network centric warfare market is estimated to grow significantly owing to increasing R&D within defense industry and need of real-time data in battlefield. Moreover, growing need for the networking of unmanned platforms and transformation of battlefield in the IT age would further boost the market growth. However, reducing defense budgets of developed nations might hinder the market pace in coming years. On the other hand, increased bandwidth capabilities would provide lucrative opportunity for the network centric warfare market. Land segment is anticipated to garner the highest revenue during forecast period.
Network Centric Warfare Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on platform, application, mission type, communication network, architecture, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the network centric warfare market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the network centric warfare industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/network-centric-warfare-market/request-sample
Network Centric Warfare Market Segmentation
By Platform
• Land
• Air
• Naval
• Unmanned
By Application
• Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR)
• Communications
• Computers
• Cyber
• Combat
• Command & Control
• Electronic Warfare
By Mission Type
• Tactical
• Strategic
By Communication Network
• Wired
• Wireless
By Architecture
• Hardware
• Software
Network Centric Warfare Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the network centric warfare market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on network centric warfare market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/network-centric-warfare-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Volkswagen AG:
* German passenger car registrations up 12 percent in January, to 269,400 vehicles - VDA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The President of the European Central Bank (ECB) Mario Draghi reads during the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting in Baden-Baden, Germany, March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
AMSTERDAM/FRANKFURT The European Central Bank needs to stick to its already laid out policy path, several policymakers argued on Thursday, although a top conservative urged them to leave the door open to a more rapid reduction in stimulus.
Economic growth is gaining momentum and the euro zone may be on its best economic run in a decade. But inflation is still not moving decisively higher, the policymakers argued, hinting at little appetite for now to amend the ECB's policy stance.
The comments gel with Reuters report on Wednesday that policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message after small tweaks this month upset investors and raised the spectre of surging borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery.
With inflation at a four-year high, critics of the ECB, particularly in Germany, have called on the bank to start winding down its unprecedented stimulus measures, including a 2.3 trillion euro asset-buying scheme designed to rekindle growth and inflation.
"We are not yet sufficiently confident that inflation will converge to levels consistent with our aim in a durable manner," ECB chief economic Peter Praet said, referring to ECB's 2 percent inflation objective.
Although euro zone inflation was at 2 percent year-on-year in February, core inflation remains low. Early March inflation figures suggest a dip with Spain dipping to 2.1 percent from 3.0 percent and Germany at 1.5 percent from 2.2 percent.
"Inflation dynamics still remain reliant on the very substantial degree of monetary accommodation which prevails," Praet added.
The ECB next meets on April 27, before the final round of the French presidential election. A potentially contentious run-off could also encourage the bank to act with caution.
Arguing for steady hand, Austrian central bank chief Ewald Nowotny said there was no need to deviate from the already charted course while Finnish central bank governor Erkki Liikanen expressed support for the ECB's policy path expressed in its so-called forward guidance.
"The strategy for 2017 has largely been set and from my point of view there is no reason to depart from this," Nowotny said in Vienna.
The asset buys are set to run at least until the end of the year and talks about how and when to wind it down have not yet started.
The sole dissent -- and relatively minor -- came from Klaas Knot, the Dutch Central bank chief who has opposed many of the ECB's easing measures. They argued for flexibility, suggesting an earlier end, but only if the economy continues to outperform expectations.
"Only if the economy does even better than we now expect in our estimates could we consider bringing the tapering forward,” Knot said, referring to the ECB's plans to buy 60 billion euros worth of bonds each month until the end of the year.
Knot, like Liikanen, meanwhile rejected a suggestion by some policymakers that the ECB could change its guidance, which now sees the first rate change only well after the end of the asset buys.
"I think this sequence makes sense, the forward guidance makes sense and I don't see a need to revisit that now,” Knot said.
"The logic is one of a consistent communication message which is neutral along the yield curve and which prevents giving conflicting views as to the front end and the long end of the yield curve."
(Additional reporting by Andreas Framke in Frankfurt, Francois Murphy in Vienna and Tuomas Forsell in Helsinki Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 5 Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Oncomed Pharma-phase 1b study data of tarextumab in extensive-stage small cell lung cancer show changes in ctcs appear to correlate with os outcomes
* Oncomed Pharma- in series of preclinical studies, anti-rspo3 with paclitaxel chemo showed synergistic anti-tumor activity in tumors with rspo3 translocations
* Oncomed Pharma- preparing to file ind application with U.S. FDA during first half of 2017 for its novel gitrl-fc trimer immuno-oncology agent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan walks with their deputy, Mcebisi Jonas as they walk from their offices to a court hearing in Pretoria, South Africa, March 28,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's ruling African National Congress party is split at the top over whether Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan should be sacked, sources said on Wednesday.
President Jacob Zuma wants to replace Gordhan and has the support of party Chairwoman Baleka Mbete and Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte, the sources said.
But Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, Secretary-General Gwede Mantashe and Treasurer-General Zweli Mkhize want Gordhan to remain and have expressed their opinion to Zuma, according to the sources.
The rift at the top comes amid party divisions over the finance ministers plans to rein in spending as the economy stagnates, analysts say.
While Zuma does not need the backing of the top six ANC members to fire ministers, open criticism might undermine their own position within the party.
"The three have told Zuma he's making a mistake," a senior party source told Reuters.
As Gordhan's future hung in the balance, more volatile trading in the rand currency underlined their reputation as an emblem of South Africa's stability among investors.
Local assets have been under pressure since Monday when Zuma ordered Gordhan to abandon an investor roadshow in Britain and fly home. Zuma has not given a reason for the recall.
The rand extended losses early on Wednesday as speculation grew Zuma would sack Gordhan after the funeral of anti-apartheid hero Ahmed Kathrada and a cabinet meeting due in the afternoon. It later strengthened against the dollar in response to the first media reports that the party's leadership was split over their fate. The currency then weakened as much as 0.5 percent.
After attending Kathrada's funeral, Gordhan said that they will "open a new chapter" of their life if speculation that Zuma is set to sack them possibly later in the day proves correct.
"You deal with it in a professional way ... and if one is told one's services are not required any longer, that's the end of one chapter, and we open a new chapter," they said.
CABINET RESHUFFLES 'NORMAL'
Zuma did not attend the funeral, in line with the wishes of Kathrada's family. Affectionately known as "Uncle Kathy", the liberation struggle stalwart who spent 26 years in prison under the apartheid government, was a critic of Zuma.
Addressing mourners at the funeral, former president Kgalema Motlanthe said Kathrada had written an open letter to Zuma in April last year asking them to resign.
"Is it asking too much to express the hope that you will choose the correct way, that is gaining momentum, to consider stepping down?" Motlanthe said, reading from Kathrada's letter, which drew prolonged applause and a standing ovation.
Zuma, 74, has shown no signs of stepping down before their second and final term as president ends in 2019. Backed by the top echelons of the ANC, they have survived several scandals since taking office in 2009.
Njabulo Nzuza, Secretary General of the ANC Youth League, supported cabinet changes, saying a reshuffle was "normal".
A cabinet source told Reuters that Wednesday's meeting might not consider the matter, adding: "Cabinet appointments are solely president's prerogative, therefore it won't be something he'll discuss there."
The High Court in the capital Pretoria is hearing a case concerning the closure of bank accounts belonging to friends of the president, the Gupta brothers. The case has long been a bone of contention between Zuma and their finance minister.
(Additional reporting by Tanisha Heiberg in Johannesburg, Mfuneko Toyana in Pretoria and Wendell Roelf in Cape Town; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Richard Lough)
April 13 Taseko Mines Ltd:
* Taseko Mines Ltd says Q1 Gibraltar mine production of 41.3 million pounds of copper and 0.9 million pounds of molybdenum
* Taseko Mines Ltd says total sales for Q1 of 2017 were 40.8 million pounds of copper and 0.9 million pounds of molybdenum Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Asymchem Laboratories (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 5 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/IsKUfz
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Staff members set up the hall before Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Chatellerault, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
WARSAW Polish officials called French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron's call for European Union sanctions against Poland a violation of friendship and a "fantasy".
The centrist Macron, tipped to win a run-off against eurosceptic far-right leader Marine Le Pen on May 7, said on Thursday that if elected they would pursue a tougher line with Poland and other countries they believed were infringing EU democratic principles.
"I understand that an election campaign has its rhetoric, but there must be limits to voicing one's opinion," Poland's Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski told the wPolityce.pl web portal on Friday.
"These comments are violating European standards and the principles of friendship with Poland."
Poland's government, headed by the nationalist-minded Law and Justice Party since late 2015, has been under fire from the EU over an overhaul of the country's constitutional court, which Brussels says weakens the independence of the judiciary and could undermine democratic checks and balances.
The European Commission has so far stopped short of any further action, but it is to present a report on the rule of law in Poland at a meeting on May 16, according to the Polish state radio.
The bickering with Macron further sours already fragile relations with France, which deteriorated after Poland last year called off a $3.5-billion contract for military multipurpose helicopters from Airbus, without giving much explanation.
On Friday, Polish Parliament Speaker Marek Kuchcinski was quoted as saying by state-run media that Macron's words were "a careless, misinforming statement" used as part their election campaign and that sanctions against Poland were a "fantasy".
Speaking after a visit to a Whirlpool tumble-dryer factory in France, whose workers are protesting the manufacturer's decision to move some of its production to Poland, Macron said Warsaw was exploiting differences in labor costs, which couldn't be tolerated.
They alluded to the problem of social dumping - a hot-button issue in France - which refers to companies employing cheaper labor from other EU countries or moving production to lower-wage countries.
Konrad Szymański, Poland's deputy foreign minister in charge of European affairs, told Polish state radio on Friday that if a country loses the battle for foreign investment, it should not use a confrontational language.
"It should consider what is wrong with the French economy that it ceases to attract foreign investment," Szymanski said.
(Writing by Lidia Kelly; editing by Ralph Boulton)
We are taking a more pro-active approach and focusing on the little things that most Parents and Students never take into account when seeking funding.
2BLIKEu
Contact
Charles Allen Jr.
917-584-0219
***@2blikeu.com Charles Allen Jr.917-584-0219
End
-- "Over the Christmas Break my team and I was busy reviewing more than 120 Different Universities & Colleges Pricing Structure. And while 2BLIKEu Flexible Scholarship permits us to cover the basic fees (Tuition and Room & Board) it was the secondary fees that we never added to the overall equation. And when you start to add these fees up, they can add an additional $5,000 to $10,000 to a student yearly cost. So 2BLIKEu have decided to work from a Global Price Range and if a University or College overall prices don't fit within 2BLIKEu Scholarship Tour Pricing Structure they will not be invited to participate in 2BLIKEu Scholarship Tour or Secondary Events. More important Parents and Students will only be able to use their 2BLIKEu Walk-In Scholarship Code at a preapproved University or College.$10,000.00 to $46,000.00$150.00 to $980.00$150.00 to $650.00$3,000.00 to $12,000.00$1,500.00 to $6,000.00$500.00 to $2,500.00$500.00 to $1,500.00$500.00 to $1,500.00$150.00 to $370.00$900.00 to $3,500.00$17,350.00 to $75,000.00Now we know some of these fees are unique to their particular University or College. And our "Product Talks" System will automatically make the funding adjustments as needed! We believe by placing a price on some of these unexpected expenses, it will give us a better Global Foundation to build on and give more people within our system the opportunity to go to a quality University or College. And I would like to take this time to thank the Universities and Colleges that have agreed to make adjustments to their Admission Deadline, due to the fact 2BLIKEu Scholarship Tour will take place during the "Summer" of 2017. Our goal is to hold our event earlier in the year in 2018, 2019 and 2020 in order to give Parents and Students time to meet a University or College Admission Deadline. And by giving a University & College the power to issue a Student a 2BLIKEu Scholarship Code during our Tour and knowing within 7 days if they have received a Full 2BLIKEu 4-Year Scholarship would remove a lot of waste from the overall process.On January 21, 2017 we will begin sending out 2017 Scholarship Tour Invitations to a handful of Universities and Colleges. Once a University or College has returned their paperwork and agreement, they will be issued a Scholarship Code. This Code is what they would give to a student during 2BLIKEu Scholarship Tour that meets their Admission Requirements.", said Vince Charles Moulterie II, Founder and Chief Designer of 2BLIKEu.2BLIKEu is an open platform that gives it members the tools to build an unlimited number of Online Virtual Lifestyles that they can Trade, Promote, Sell or Buy! 2BLIKEu uses its own Proprietary Technology to convert the Online Virtual Lifestyles its members create. 2BLIKEu Lifestyles Network has access to 125 million people by way of its Mobile Movie Club, Music System and Gaming Platform. 2BLIKEu Movie Members spend more than $100 million a week on Entertainment, Food, Drinks and Travel. 2BLIKEu plans to use its new "Product Talk" -- Product Presentation System to power its network. Complete Function that interacts with consumers in 24 different languages. 2BLIKEu uses its beta system as a Testing Platform for all New Products and Business Services. 2BLIKEu is a privately own company.
March 29 Johnston Press Plc
* FY adjusted 1 revenue (including i from April) down 6.0 pct for period, down 5 pct Q3 and with trends improving, revenues up 1 pct in Q4
* Cost savings of 26 mln stg (excluding acquisitions) for period
* FY statutory loss before tax of 300 mln stg includes non-cash impairment of 223.9 mln stg in H1 and 120.4 mln stg in H2
* I newspaper sales volumes up 5 pct (abc excluding bulks) year-on-year
* Against an industry back-drop which remains challenging, we delivered improved trends in Q4 which have continued into 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As high performance motoring is synonymous with Porsche everyone assumes the German carmaker always uses large engines.
And while that used to be the case – with Boxster and Cayman models powered first by 2.9-litre and then 2.7-litre flat 6 boxer engines – all that has now changed.
In line with the industry trend Porsche has downsized the engines in both models to 2.0-litre, four cylinders, the size often used in the average family hatchback or saloon.
But the capacity of the engine is where the similarity with the family car ends.
For the turbocharged units powering both Boxster and Cayman develop a whopping 300bhp and propel the car to 62 miles per hour in just 5.1 seconds and on to a top speed of 170mph, far quicker than with the larger engines.
The flat-four turbocharged boxer engines are a throw back to the Porsche 718 mid-engined sports cars that won numerous races in the Fifties and Sixties and so both cars now have the 718 designation in front of their names.
The 718 Cayman – the car tested here – is the lowest priced Porsche you can buy and so has a lot of appeal to drivers aspiring to the German performance brand.
But even though it's the entry level price model it's not cheap at just under £40,000 –nor is it in any way inferior to any of its bigger brothers.
Viewed from the front the Cayman has similar lines to the iconic Porsche 911. It's only when you walk around the side that the much more severe tapering roofline becomes obvious, making the differences glaring.
But while it's different it's still just as appealing and many people I spoke to preferred the “slimmer” look of the Cayman.
Step inside and you have typical Porsche layout with the oversized rev counter pre-eminent in front of the driver. And while the speedometer is small by comparison there is a sensible digital readout so there are no excuses if you suddenly find a flashing blue light in your rear view mirror.
The cockpit wraps itself snugly around you and everything is tight and well laid out.
High-backed sports seats with integral headrests hold you firmly in place and it's easy to find the ideal driving position with plenty of adjustment on both the seat and steering wheel.
The height of the Cayman - or rather the lack of it – means it's not everyone's cup of tea when it comes to getting in and out and the clutch is so heavy you feel as if you have done a workout on a leg press at the gym after a week of driving.
But for all that this is a car that lives up to what you would expect of any Porsche.
The steering is pin sharp and the handling superb with the car staying completely flat through long fast corners and never thrown off course by poor road surfaces.
You have a choice of changing the driving modes from Normal to Sport for more action or even Performance mode for race-circuit-like driving.
The new engines make this car blisteringly quick and there's a spine-tingling exhaust note which you can enhance by pushing the sports exhaust button (a £1,530 optional extra).
I found the tyre noise on my test car quite high though, although this model was fitted with 20-inch Cayman S alloys instead of the 18-inch standard models which could partly explain it.
It was, however, just one negative on a car which has so many positives and is such a scintillating drive that it's easy to see why people clamour to own one.
Fast Facts
The environmental control system (ECS) refers to the equipment in charge of maintaining a comfortable close environment for a given payload. The ECS regulates air supply, thermal control and cabin pressurization within acceptable limits, for the crew and passengers. An ECS commonly consists of avionics cooling, smoke detection, and fire suppression. The global environmental control system market is mainly driven by certain factors such as technological advancements in ECS, growth in air traffic, and existing backlogs in aircraft deliveries. The development of new aircraft models is expected to render beneficial opportunities in the upcoming years. The vendors are focusing on gaining government contracts to grow within the environmental control systems market, along with heavy investments in research and development.
Environmental Control System Market Segmentation Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on component, platform, system, end user, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the environmental control system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the environmental control system industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Environmental Control System Market Segmentation
By Component
Valves
• Heat Exchanger
• Water Separator
• Pressure Regulator
• Temperature Regulator
By Platform
Rotary Wing
• Fixed Wing
o Commercial Fixed Wing Aircraft Type
o Defense Fixed Wing Aircraft Type
By System
Cabin Pressure & Control System
• Air Supply & Management System
• Thermal Management & Control System
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/environmental-control-system-market/request-sample
By End User
Defense
• Commercial
Environmental Control System Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the environmental control system market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on environmental control system market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/environmental-control-system-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
People walk through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File photo
LONDON Britain's FTSE 100 share index .FTSE will dip in the months after the country starts official divorce proceedings later on Wednesday with the European Union but reach new record highs next year, a Reuters poll found.
Since June's shock vote to quit the EU, British shares have found support from a slide in sterling, resurgent commodity markets and a much better economic performance than had been feared, and the benchmark hit a record high of 7,447.0 in March.
"The FTSE has had a spectacular run since the Brexit vote, with the share prices of UK multinationals benefiting from the lower pound. In addition, the FTSE has benefited from a general uptrend in global stock markets since the U.S. election," said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist CMC Markets.
Global equities have rallied since Donald Trump was elected U.S. President in November, driven by a reflation trade on hopes for increased infrastructure spending and tax cuts.
But on Friday, Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a 2016 election campaign promise of Trump, which has led to questions about their ability to deliver on their other pledges.
Adding more mud to the water, there has so far been little clarity on the tone the Brexit negotiations will take. Prime Minister Theresa May is due to trigger Article 50 on Wednesday, starting the two-year countdown to Britain leaving the EU.
Come mid-year, the FTSE 100 will be at 7,250 points, down just over 1 percent from Tuesday's close of 7,343.42, according to the median forecast of 20 traders, fund managers and strategists. But once again, stock market watchers shrugged off any longer-term negative implications.
By the time 2017 comes to a conclusion the benchmark index will have roared back to 7,425, according to the poll, taken in the past week. It will then power through the previous high to reach 7,500 by end-June next year.
"It's not going to be the weakness of sterling -- we have seen the worst of the Brexit impact on the currency," said Jasper Lawler at London Capital Group.
"It's going to be more that the U.S. markets are massively overvalued and we are still in a general global bull market for equities. People have been worried about the impact of Brexit and steered clear, so that relative underperformance will be redressed."
Following the June referendum, Britain's economy has proved resilient -- at the end of 2016 growth accelerated -- but over the whole year it was weaker than previously thought, amid signs the Brexit vote will increasingly act as a brake.
Sterling is down around 15 percent against the dollar since the surprise outcome to leave the EU, making FTSE stocks cheaper for foreign investors and lifting repatriated profits.
"The recent slide in sterling has lifted the earnings of multinationals significantly since the Brexit referendum," said Alastair George, chief investment strategist at Edison Investment Research.
The pound's downward momentum is probably just about over, however, and with little hope for recovery, it will trade not far from current levels in the coming year, a Reuters poll found earlier this month. [GBP/POLL]
Cable has come under further pressure as the U.S. Federal Reserve has embarked on a monetary policy tightening cycle while the Bank of England is not expected to act until 2019 at least. [FED/R][BOE/INT]
Compared to European stocks, the FTSE will slightly outperform this year. The Reuters poll predicted the STOXX Europe 600 index would be up a little under 1 percent from current levels by the end of December. [EPOLL/FRDE]
(Polling by Kit Rees and Helen Reid in London, Danilo Masoni in Milan; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters as they arrive surrounded by security members at a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, smiles to supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Supporters celebrate with French flags as Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters as they arrive surrounded by security members at a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, greets supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
PARIS/BORDEAUX French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen told a political rally on Sunday that the euro currency which they want France to ditch was like a knife in the ribs of the French people.
The leader of the eurosceptic and anti-immigrant National Front (FN) also told the rally in the city of Bordeaux that the forthcoming election for president could herald a "change in civilization".
Encouraged by the unexpected election of Donald Trump in the United States and by Britain's vote to leave the European Union, Le Pen hopes to profit from a similar populist momentum in France, though opinion polls suggest they will lose the May 7 run-off.
"We are at the mercy of a currency adapted to Germany and not to our economy. The euro is mostly a knife stuck in our ribs to make us go where others want us to go," Le Pen said to loud cheers and applause.
Reiterating their anti-globalisation and anti-immigration views, they declared: "We do not want France to be open to all commercial and human flows, without protection and borders."
A government under Le Pen's presidency would take France out of the euro zone and bring back a national currency, hold a referendum on its EU membership and slap taxes on imports and on companies hiring foreigners.
Le Pen says they would curb migration, expel all illegal migrants and restrict certain rights now available to all residents, including free education, to French citizens.
They hit out at their two main opponents in the French election, independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and conservative candidate Francois Fillon, saying they belonged to "the same system"
"The system is panicking because it sees people are waking up," they said.
Opinion polls forecast Le Pen will do well in the April 23 first round of the presidential election only to lose the May 7 run-off to centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron.
But the high number of undecided voters means the outcome remains unpredictable and motivating people to go to the polling stations will be key for the leading candidates.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Richard Balmforth, Greg Mahlich)
ROME The U.S. administration of Donald Trump on Monday scuppered efforts by the Group of Seven industrialised countries to reach a common stance on energy when it asked for more time to work out its policies on climate change.
Trump signed an order in March to undo climate change regulations drawn up under their predecessor Barack Obama, calling into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming.
The order's main target was Obama's Clean Power Plan, requiring states to slash carbon emissions from power plants - a key factor in U.S. ability to meet commitments under a climate change accord reached by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015.
At a news conference wrapping up the G7 Energy meeting in Rome, Italian industry and energy minister Carlo Calenda said the United States was reviewing its strategy on climate change and the Paris Agreement.
"While this is under way, the United States reserves its position on these key priorities," they said. "It was not possible to sign a joint declaration since it would not cover the whole range of topics in the agenda."
Calenda, who chaired the G7 meeting, said all other European Union countries remained strongly committed to the Paris accord to curb greenhouse gas emissions.
Speaking from Madrid later on Monday, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said Europe would "respect everyone's opinion on the matter but it would not accept making any steps backward with respect to the strategic choices made on climate change".
Gentiloni is due to meet Trump at a G7 summit Italy will host in Sicily next month, with Italy anxious to get public backing from all leaders on the Paris accords.
A source close to the G7 talks said the inability of U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry to commit showed the isolation of the United States at the ministerial meeting.
"The U.S. also wanted to include references to coal and fossil fuels," the source said.
During their election campaign, Trump pledged to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord, arguing it would hurt U.S. business.
Environmental groups have criticised the administration's order, arguing it runs dangerously counter to the global trend toward cleaner energy technologies.
But Washington has still not spelt out its stance on the Paris agreement and some officials hope there is room for manoeuvre.
"The talks were constructive and there was no friction," Calenda said.
The Italian minister is due to hold bilateral talks with Perry on Tuesday.
(Additional reporting by Isla Binnie in Madrid; Editing by Francesca Landini and Janet Lawrence)
The Brisbane and Sunshine Coast-based RACQ LifeFlight Rescue helicopters have airlift a boy, man and a woman from a fatal crash on the Bruce Highway near Tiaro.
THE community has shared their support after after a horror double fatality on the Bruce Highway between Gympie and Maryborough.
Emergency services were called to the multi-vehicle collision 6km north of Tiaro about 3.10pm on Monday.
Police confirmed two people were killed. Another was seriously injured.
The community has shared condolences to not only the families and friends of those involved in the crash but also to the emergency service workers and rescue crews who were called to the scene.
Kris Herron said it was sad for the families involved and the emergency workers as well.
Millisa Solly offered condolences to the family/families involved in the tragedy.
The Bruce Highway was closed in both directions and reopened at 8:40pm on Monday.
The Forensic Crash Unit is investigating.
Crash investigators at the scene of a double fatality on the Bruce Highway two kilometres north of Tiaro. Alistair Brightman
Chronicle reader Marlene Spark offered their condolences to the family and friends of those involved.
Carolina Currie sent their thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families.
"What a terrible way to finish of the Easter holidays," they said.
Denisse Budding sent blessings to all involved in this tragedy.
Tania Huntley was saddened to hear the news.
Hippie seashell sent condolences to all the families, ambulance, and others involved in such a terrible tragedy.
"I worry so much when my family and friends travel over the holidays, everyone is in a hurry, we all need to slow down, think and be careful," they said.
Sheree Pool lives just down the road from where the tragedy happened.
"Could hear sirens going past for a good hour...helicopter flew over too," they said.
(Updates with U.S. markets, changes comments, dateline from previous LONDON)
* Wall St boosted by earnings
* Euro shorts close positions, traders say
By Rodrigo Campos
NEW YORK, April 20 The euro and stocks on major markets recovered on Thursday as a market-friendly presidential candidate held the lead ahead of Sunday's first-round election in France, while the yen and U.S. Treasury prices weakened.
Former French finance minister, Emmanuel Macron, remained atop the polls for Sunday's French vote, but the election is still a four-way battle in the first round on April 23. Should Macron rank first or second in Sunday's poll, they are seen easily winning the run-off vote on May 7 after remaining candidates are eliminated.
However, after surprises in last year's U.S. election and the UK Brexit referendum, voter indecision and low voter turnout could catch markets wrong-footed yet again.
France's CAC stock index jumped 1.7 percent on its strongest daily performance since March 1.
On Wall Street, stocks rose as traders continued to bet on a strong earnings reporting season. Profits at S&P 500 index companies are estimated to have risen 11.1 percent in the first quarter.
"As we see a steady stream of earnings, on balance the season has been better and that's helping the market today," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 99.16 points, or 0.49 percent, to 20,503.65, the S&P 500 gained 10.19 points, or 0.44 percent, to 2,348.36 and the Nasdaq Composite added 32.61 points, or 0.56 percent, to 5,895.65.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.25 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.49 percent.
Emerging market stocks rose 0.65 percent. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan closed 0.7 percent higher, while Japan's Nikkei lost 0.01 percent.
EURO JUMPS
Currency traders said short-term players were closing out positions taken in anticipation of euro weakness before the French election, emboldened by the steady stream of polls confirming that centrist Macron would lead returns on Sunday.
"Short euro is still one of the larger positions out there. No risk on the table means take some of that off," said BMO strategist Stephen Gallo.
"(But) there is still no fundamental reason for the euro to be rising here."
The U.S. dollar index fell 0.29 percent, with the euro up 0.56 percent to $1.0769.
The Japanese yen weakened 0.34 percent versus the greenback at 109.25 per dollar, while Sterling was last trading at $1.2828, up 0.40 percent on the day.
Oil prices fell further after Wednesday's steep losses, with rising U.S. production weighing against comments from leading Gulf oil producers that an extension to OPEC-led supply cuts was likely.
U.S. crude rose 0.1 percent to $50.49 per barrel and Brent was last at $53.03, up 0.19 percent on the day.
U.S. Treasury yields rose as investors waited on the results from the French election, after the 10-year yield earlier failed to break below key technical resistance at 2.19 percent.
Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 12/32 in price to yield 2.2445 percent, from 2.202 percent late on Wednesday.
Spot gold added 0.2 percent to $1,281.27 an ounce. U.S. gold futures percent to $1,283.40 an ounce.
Copper rose 1.43 percent to $5,635.50 a tonne.
(Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru, Libby George and Patrick Graham in London, and Karen Brettell in New York)
GENEVA More than 25,000 people in famine-threatened Somalia have been struck by cholera or acute watery diarrhoea and the deadly epidemic should double by this summer, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Thursday.
The United Nations is already racing to avoid a repeat of famine in the drought-hit Horn of African nation where more than 250,000 people died of starvation in 2011.
Cholera, which is endemic in Somalia, is an acute diarrhoeal disease that can kill within hours if left untreated. Malnourished children under five years are especially vulnerable.
Already 25,424 infected people have been identified since the start of the year, WHO spokesperson Tarik Jasarevic said by email, adding: "These numbers are projected to increase to 50,000 by summer."
The case fatality rate for the disease, spread by contaminated food or water, is already 2.1 percent in Somalia, twice the emergency threshold, they said. At least 524 deaths have been recorded.
Cholera can be successfully treated with oral rehydration solution. Severe cases will need rapid treatment with intravenous fluids and antibiotics, according to the WHO.
Death rates among Somalis infected with cholera now reach 14.1 percent in Middle Juba and 5.1 percent in Bakool, U.N. spokesperson Jens Laerke told a news briefing.
"We still have 2.9 million people in level 3 and 4, level 4 being the step just before we declare a famine," Laerke said, referring to the U.N. classification. "So almost 3 million in those critical and crisis emergency levels."
The centre of cholera outbreak is Baidoa, David Akopyan, U.N. Development Programme (UNDP) deputy country director for Somalia, told the briefing by telephone from the capital Mogadishu.
Thirteen of Somalia's 18 regions are affected, they said.
Some 500,000 Somalis have been internally displaced, many in search of water, as well as some 3 million pastoralists who have lost 70 percent of their livestock due to drought, they said.
Akopyan, asked about famine, replied: "We are not exactly there, the fear is that in two months if things are not scaled up we will get there ... Hopefully famine will be prevented."
(Corrects day in first para to Thursday from Friday)
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho cannot see their side slipping below local rivals Everton by the end of the season as the teams gear up for a Premier League Merseyside derby on Saturday.
Everton, currently three places behind their fourth-placed city rivals in the league table, can cut the gap to just three points with a victory at Anfield.
Coutinho, who is away on international duty with Brazil, said they were concentrating only on Liverpool's progress.
"I don't think about (Everton's form) or worry about that," Coutinho told the reporters. "We will be ready. The derby is a very special match for everyone, the fans and the players."
Liverpool is unbeaten in Merseyside encounters since 2010 but will face a Ronald Koeman side that have picked up 23 of 30 points since the turn of the year.
Coutinho acknowledged Everton's recent progress and said it would mean a lot more to the fans if Liverpool could find a way to win the derby.
"We know what it means... this time it is even more because Everton have improved so much in recent weeks," they added.
"We know it won't be easy but we know we have to win, for our fans, for our morale and for everybody."
Liverpool have lost just one out of their 14 league games at Anfield this season, scoring 36 goals and conceding 13 in the process.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
My uncle died suddenly last year at 70. They were a bachelor and lived in a cottage on an acre. In their will, they left me as the executor and left the house and acre to my son, their grand-nephew, who they were very close to. The rest of their worldly possessions they left to their siblings – my aunts and uncles.
My issue is that my son is in sixth year in school, and obviously not in full-time employment. I have been to my solicitor and they have confirmed the following approx values, due at the end of October as the Grant of Probate is imminent.
- Value of house and acre, confirmed in a valuation: €90,000
- Value of taxable inheritance, less allowance as grand-nephew: €74,925
- Tax, actual amount : €24,583
So basically, my query is, if they haven't the €24,500, are their absolute only options to either sell the house (and pay more capital gains tax) or make an agreement with the Revenue and pay hefty annual interest rates to push the payment out by a year or two?
And I guess, is there any point in talking to the Revenue? Will they engage?
Mr BD, Waterford
It's always worth talking to the Revenue. Contrary to general perception, they are open to a reasonable approach. The bottom line, of course, is that they are ultimately responsible for the proper collection of tax and, in this case, your son has a substantial tax bill owing.
While linear relations do fall into Category B, which has an exemption threshold of €32,500, grand-nephews are unfortunately a little too distant to qualify so they are stuck with Category C status under the capital acquisitions tax/inheritance tax rules. Hence their threshold of €16,250 and a tax bill of more than €24,500.
And if they are under 18, they cannot take the inheritance anyway until they reach that age. Until then, it would have to be held in a bare trust for their benefit – but the tax would still be due.
The options are, as you say, either sell the property or part of the land to meet the bill, or arrange a payment schedule with Revenue.
A third option, if means allow, would be for the family to gift your son the money so that they could meet their bill and retain the property. While your son can only receive €16,250 from distant family or strangers over their lifetime, they could receive up to €310,000 from their parents.
So if the money was there and you intend at some point to pass on an inheritance to them (and you think this property is worth holding on to), you could gift them the €24,583.
If they do have to sell, you are right that they could face a capital gains tax liability if the property sold for more than €91,270 as it would exceed the annual capital gains tax exemption limit of €1,270. Capital gains are charged at 33 per cent.
Send your queries to Dominic Coyle, Q&A, The Irish Times, 24-28 Tara Street, Dublin 2, or by email to dcoyle@irishtimes.com. This column is a reader service and is not intended to replace professional advice
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - With its 160 rooms and rumoured ghosts hiding among the darkened corners, the mystery of Winchester House, built by Sarah Winchester, the widow of rifle company magnate William Winchester, still draws droves of people to San Jose to try and uncover the building's secrets.
In the new film “Winchester,” out in theatres on Friday, it is Oscar-winning actor Dame Helen Mirren who attempts to shed a light on the enigma of Winchester, who died in 1922 leaving their labyrinth of a home to become an attraction.
Mirren compared the widow Winchester, whom they called “fascinating,” to jilted spinster Miss Havisham from Charles Dickens' “Great Expectations,” a literary character famous for being an eccentric, distraught recluse who lives in the past.
“Winchester” follows psychologist Dr Eric Price (Jason Clarke), who is hired by the Winchester rifle company to evaluate the sanity of the black-veiled Sarah, after they hired carpenters to work around the clock to build more and more rooms in their mansion.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“One of the legends that grew up around them was the legend that they bought the house to placate the ghosts who had been murdered or killed by the Winchester rifle, and the sense of guilt, the pressure and the weight of those spirits upon her,” Mirren said.
As Dr Price's investigations continue into the house, more and more spooky events happen in the house, which is known as one of the most haunted houses in America.
“Ghost stories have been told by people over fires for thousands of years so the world of the spirits is very present in the human experience. We talk about it, we think about it, it's in our art, it's in our culture. It's an authentic part of the human experience,” Mirren said.
(This story corrects spelling of Miss Havisham in paragraph 3)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
A teenager has been arrested this morning after they were found hiding in the hotpress of a house where a burglary had been reported.
Gardaí were alerted at 6am to reports that a burglary was ongoing at a house in Cobh in Co Cork.
They were on the scene quickly in the College Court Estate, in the College Manor area of the town.
Gardaí entered the house and during the course of a search of the premises, they arrested a man in their late teens at the scene.
It is understood they were found hiding in the hotpress upstairs.
They were brought to Cobh Garda Station where they are being detained under the provisions of Section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act 1984.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Soligenix Inc:
* Soligenix receives FDA protocol clearance of pivotal phase 3 clinical trial of sgx942 for the treatment of oral mucositis in head and neck cancer patients
* Soligenix Inc- Soligenix plans to begin the study in Q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Andrew Roth
The Soviets built Margarita Smurova's five-storey apartment building - and tens of thousands more like it - with an expiration date that's long since passed.
They think the building is still in fine shape and could last a few more years, but Moscow has different plans.
Look out their window and you'll see what those are: two identical apartment houses razed, a mountain of debris left scattered as if in the wake of a hurricane or bomb blast.
Nearly all of Smurova's neighbours have left, but she's holding out, unsatisfied with the replacement apartment offered them by the Government (her mother is in a wheelchair), and is battling the city in court.
The gas to the building has been cut. Thieves are looting the vacant apartments.
"I really think the city is trying to kill its own people, evicting them like this," they said, leading a reporter up the stairs into an abandoned fifth-floor apartment with a balcony overlooking the wreckage.
For Smurova's parents, who moved into this building from a communal apartment in 1965, it was a chance for a new life with privacy at home and green public spaces outside.
Today, the "khrushchevka," named for the former Soviet leader who ordered its earliest design, is better known by Russians as a symbol of aging Soviet-era infrastructure.
"I love my five-storey house; it's practically a pathology," joked Tatyana Chaynikova, 68, Smurova's neighbour. "After my husband died, I put everything I had into this apartment. And now that they're moving me out, what will I have left?"
Continued below.
Related Content John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Juha Saarinen: VPNs might not be all that secure Your Views: Readers Letters
In 1954, the Soviet Union under Nikita Khrushchev began the largest urban development project in history.
Facing a severe housing shortage and a booming postwar population, the Communist leader commissioned a prefabricated apartment house that would transform the country.
By the time they were ousted from power in 1964, as many as 54 million Soviet citizens - a quarter of the population - had moved into new apartments, a number that would grow to more than 127 million in the five years that followed.
In 1961, for the first time, the Soviet Union's urban population had surpassed its rural population.
Cutting-edge for their time because they were quick and cheap to build, but also because of the effort to include green space around them, the apartments were not known for their aesthetic appeal.
Some early versions were built with cheaper materials only meant to last 25 years, or until the Soviet Union had successfully built communism and would replace them with something better.
"We are not against beauty, we are against superfluity," Khrushchev said, ordering state architects to try to make them as pleasing as possible, given their limits.
Now, in Moscow, their time is up. Mayor Sergei Sobyanin in February announced what may be history's largest urban demolition project, eliminating nearly 8000 buildings, mostly five-storey building stock including that built under Khrushchev, in a resettlement project that will ultimately transplant 1.6 million people.
Smurova's apartment building, which is just now slated for demolition under a project approved in 1999, shows how messy those disputes over housing can become in Russia.
The project is part of a sweeping, although contentious, change for many Muscovites, whose city is growing wealthier even as it is run by an administration that rarely seeks public consensus before launching large beautification projectssuch as parks and road works.
Critics say it's a handout to Russian property developers.
"I know the mood and expectations of Muscovites," Russian President Vladimir Putin told Sobyanin during a televised meeting in February, greenlighting the project. "They expect these buildings to be torn down and new housing to be built in their place."
Some are happily bidding farewell to aging apartments, known for their low ceilings, thin walls and faulty plumbing.
But khrushevki were a major step forward for urban planning, said Kuba Snopek, a Polish architect who did research in Russia and wrote a book called "Belyayevo Forever" about the importance of self-contained, midcentury Soviet housing developments called "mikrorayony," or microdistricts, which regulated urban expansion by ensuring access to green spaces, public transportation and municipal buildings.
"It's very easy to communicate the flaws of this architecture," said Snopek, who sought to have Belyayevo, a region of Moscow, put on the Unesco World Heritage List. "It's vulnerable because it is ugly and doesn't look precious. But it's hard to communicate its values because they're invisible."
When they first appeared, the apartment buildings were hailed as a revelation. In the 1962 musical film Cheryomushki, based on an operetta by Dmitry Shostakovich, a young couple literally sings the praises of the new apartments. "The whole apartment is ours, ours. The kitchen is also ours, ours. The windows are ours, the doors are ours. I can't believe my eyes," they sing.
But Russian attitudes toward the prefab housing grew darker in later years, particularly as the apartment buildings grew larger and the infrastructure decrepit. In the 1988 movie "Autumn, Chertanovo," about a Moscow microdistrict that served as a testing ground for experimental architecture, fatalistic graffiti daubed on a wall during the film reads: "I was born here, I will die in Chertanovo."
Nowadays, these Soviet buildings have become shorthand for working-class neighbourhoods. The 2012 miniseries Princess from a Khrushchevka is a fish-out-of-water story about a young woman from the outskirts of Moscow who lives with their father, a plumber, and finds a job as a housekeeper for a wealthy magazine editor.
But love them or hate them, residents worry about getting decent new apartments if their old ones are torn down. Some are organising for a legal and political battle.
"We owners are not going to just give away our apartments for what they give us," said Kari Guggenberger, an IT developer who also runs a Facebook group called "Muscovites against the demolition."
"In two months, there are going to be lists of houses to be torn down. So in two months, there's going to be a storm."
- Washington Post
April 5 Monsanto Co:
* Monsanto continues return to growth in fiscal year 2017 with strong second quarter and first half results; updates outlook for full year eps to high end of guidance range
* Q4 sales $5.1 billion versus $4.5 billion
* Q2 earnings per share $3.19 from continuing operations
* Q2 earnings per share $3.09
* Q2 earnings per share view $2.82 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Monsanto - full year 2017 eps guidance now expected to be at high end of range of $3.95 to $4.44 on an as-reported basis and $4.50 to $4.90 on an ongoing basis
* Monsanto Co - "continue to expect growth in global corn platform, led by price increases in local currency in south america"
* Monsanto Co says for Q3, expects as-reported earnings per share to be roughly flat due to absence of argentine-related tax matters call-out of $0.50 /share
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $4.75 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Monsanto Co - qtrly total seeds and genomics sales $4,186 million versus $3,817 million
* Monsanto Co says continues to expect seed and genomics segment gross profit to increase mid-single digits as a percent year-over-year in 2017
* Monsanto Co says within its AG productivity segment, gross profit is still expected to be in range of $850 to $950 million in 2017
* Monsanto-Overall operating expenses in 2017, excluding pending bayer deal-related costs & restructuring charges, expected to increase slightly
* Monsanto Co - expects savings from restructuring and transformation actions to continue
* Monsanto Co says for 2017 assumes change in currency rates will have a relatively neutral effect on a full-year basis
* Monsanto Co - co, Bayer continues to work toward completion of transaction by end of calendar year 2017
* Monsanto Co - continues to see high grower demand for bollgard ii xtendflex cotton, which is now expected to exceed four million U.S. Acres in fiscal year 2017
* Monsanto Co - for full year, company now anticipates earnings to translate to high end of range of $1.2 billion to $1.6 billion of free cash flow
* Monsanto Co - 2017 gross profit for agricultural productivity segment still expected to be in range of $850 to $950 million, though now at lower end of range Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ABU DHABI, April 3 Abu Dhabi National Energy Co (TAQA) is considering debt funding options including a formosa bond, sukuk and bank loans, the company's spokesperson said on Monday.
TAQA will raise the funding to cover debt maturities due in October 2017 and January 2018, they said.
Last week TAQA reported a 2016 loss of 18.55 billion dirhams ($5.05 billion), largely due to a 16.9 billion dirhams post-tax impairment on oil and gas assets reflecting low international oil and gas prices.
It plans to increase its capital expenditure for 2017 to 1.8 billion dirhams from 1.1 billion in 2016, the spokesperson said.
($1 = 3.6724 UAE dirham) (Reporting by Stanley Carvalho; writing by Davide Barbuscia; editing by Jason Neely)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
MEXICO CITY, April 13 The former chief executive of a Mexican oil services company arrested over a loan scandal that inflicted hefty losses on Citigroup Inc's local Banamex unit was released from prison on Thursday, an official in the city government said.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, the official confirmed media reports that Amado Yanez, who was CEO of the Oceanografia firm when the scandal over bogus loans broke in 2014, left the prison in Mexico City early on Thursday.
Mexican media said that a Mexico City judge had ordered Yanez's release after payment of bail of 7.5 million pesos ($404,000), and that the investigation against them would continue. The city official could not confirm this detail.
A federal judicial source said media reports about the release of Yanez, which occurred at the start of a four-day holiday weekend, appeared correct, but that no notification had been submitted by the court.
An official at the court reached by telephone said they were not authorized to comment on the matter.
Citigroup said that due to the alleged fraud it discovered at its Mexican subsidiary, it had to write down about $400 million of loans backed by bogus invoices. The then-chief executive officer of Banamex stood down in October 2014.
Yanez was also majority owner of Oceanografia, for years a top service provider to state-run Mexican oil firm Pemex. The government seized the company's assets after the loan scandal surfaced. ($1 = 18.5767 Mexican pesos) (Reporting by Adriana Barrera and Dave Graham; Editing by Dan Grebler)
March 28 Toronto-Dominion Bank
* The Toronto-Dominion Bank announces intention to buy back common shares through specific share repurchase program in connection with normal course issuer bid
* Toronto-Dominion Bank - Entered into an agreement to repurchase common shares through daily purchases subject to a maximum of 14.5 million common shares
* Program will form part of TD's normal course issuer bid for up to 15 million common shares announced on March 2, 2017
* Daily purchases to take place between March 31 and April 21 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Visa Inc:
* Visa Inc. Reports strong fiscal second quarter 2017 results and announces new $5.0 billion share repurchase program
* Q2 revenue $4.5 billion versus I/B/E/S view $4.29 billion
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.86 excluding items
* Q2 gaap earnings per share $0.18
* Visa qtrly gaap net income of $430 million or $0.18 per share
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.79 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Visa qtrly adjusted net income of $2.1 billion or $0.86 per share
* Visa says payments volume growth, on a constant dollar basis, for three months ended March 31, 2017, was 37% over prior year at $1.7 trillion
* Visa sees full-year 2017 annual net revenue growth: high end of 16 pct to 18 pct range on a nominal dollar basis
* Visa - in quarter, cross-border volume growth, on a constant dollar basis, was 132 pct or 11 pct inclusive of Europe in prior year results
* Visa sees full-year 2017 annual operating margin: mid 60s
* Visa sees full-year 2017 client incentives as a percent of gross revenues: low end of 20.5 pct to 21.5 pct range
* Visa sees full-year 2017 annual diluted class a common stock earnings per share growth: high single-digits on a gaap nominal dollar basis
* Visa - in quarter, total visa processed transactions were 26.3 billion, a 42 pct increase over prior year, or 12 pct growth inclusive of europe in prior year results
* Visa sees 2017 annual diluted class a common stock earnings per share growth: high end of mid-teens on an adjusted, non-gaap nominal dollar basis
* Visa - financial outlook for fiscal full-year 2017 includes Visa Europe integration expenses of approximately $80 million for full-year
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.32, revenue view $17.74 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russia's Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday that the country's banking sector will live with a structural liquidity surplus for long time.
The central bank will gradually reduce the number of bonds it has on its lombard list, or the bonds that banks can use as a collateral when borrowing from the central bank, Nabiullina added. (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; Writing by Polina Ivanova; Editing by Maria Kiselyova)
* FTSE 100 down 0.2 pct
* BT, AstraZeneca results weigh
* Capita rebounds slightly on upgrade
* The Worst week for FTSE since Aug 2017
By Kit Rees
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's top share index retreated on Friday after results from BT and AstraZeneca were met with disappointment, rounding off a lacklustre week for British blue chips.
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was down 0.2 percent at 7,476.12 points by 0942 GMT, set for its fourth day of straight losses, while mid caps declined 0.3 percent.
“There's a global flight to safety out of risk assets, so it's not just a UK phenomenon,” Jasper Lawler, head of research at London Capital Group, said.
“We have had some soft earnings with some quite dramatic falls for individual shares (which) have dented a bit of appetite for UK stocks, then we have had the pound which has been generally pretty resilient, pretty strong,” Lawler added.
Share price falls following earnings updates were to blame for declines on the day, with the FTSE 100 on track for its worst week in nearly six months as it retreated further from the record high it hit in the middle of January.
BT Group was the biggest faller, its shares down more than 5 percent at a five-year low after the telecoms firm reported third quarter earnings.
While BT broadly met expectations, analysts flagged a lack of growth and concerns around its pension scheme.
“The performance in the Wholesale and Global Services divisions remains stagnant, whilst the pension situation is a concern. Key metrics such as revenues and earnings per share remain patchy and slightly light of expectations,” Richard Hunter, head of markets at interactive investor, said.
AstraZeneca also saw its shares decline after giving an update on its performance for the full-year.
The pharma company dropped 1.7 percent on the back of a disappointing profit outlook.
Elsewhere a bounce among commodities-related stocks was a bright spot. Shares in miners Anglo American, Antofagasta and Rio Tinto rose between 0.3 percent to 0.9 percent thanks to a firmer copper price.
Heavyweight oil stocks Royal Dutch Shell and BP also advanced 0.7 percent and 0.4 percent respectively as oil prices extended gains.
Among smaller stocks, troubled outsourcer Capita was the top gainer on the mid cap index, its shares rising more than 5 percent following an upgrade from broker Morgan Stanley to “equal-weight” from “underweight”.
Capita's shares have tumbled this week following a big profit warning and dividend suspension.
“We continue to view Capita as a traditional BPO provider that is competitively challenged, which justifies a discount to its wider peers,” Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note, referring to business process outsourcing.
“But with the shares now up with events, we move to Equal-weight.”
PARIS/DUBAI IranAir may get its first new Boeing (BA.N) jetliner a year earlier than expected under a deal to take jets originally bought by cash-strapped Turkish Airlines, Iranian media and industry sources said.
Iran had been expected to receive the first of 80 aircraft ordered from the U.S. planemaker in April 2018, but at least one brand-new aircraft is reported to be sitting unused because it is no longer needed by the Turkish carrier.
Industry sources said Boeing was in negotiations to release at least one 777-300ER originally built for Turkish Airlines, which is deferring deliveries due to weaker traffic following last year's failed coup attempt in Turkey.
Boeing said it never comments on talks with customers. The airlines involved were not immediately available for comment.
Iran's Deputy Roads and Urban Development Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan told the semi-official Mehr news agency the first Boeing 777 aircraft would reach Tehran within a month.
It would be the first new U.S.-built jet delivered to Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution.
The long-haul 777 is worth $347 million (£280 million) at list prices but is likely to have been sold for less than half that, according to industry estimates.
IranAir has also ordered 100 aircraft from Europe's Airbus (AIR.PA) under a deal to lift most sanctions in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear programme.
Its return to the aviation market after decades of sanctions comes at a time when airlines elsewhere are having second thoughts about purchases due to concerns about the economy and looming over-capacity among wide-body jets.
That trend has made a number of unused jets available for quick delivery at competitive prices, including three Airbus jets recently delivered to Iran, and has allowed IranAir to jump the usual waiting list of several years.
The government of pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani is seen as keen to showcase results from the sanctions deal ahead of a May election at which challengers include hardline Shi'ite cleric Ebrahim Raisi.
Aviation sources say the first aircraft were paid directly from Iranian funds, but doubts remain over credit financing needed to secure almost 180 jets still on order.
Western banks continue to shy away from financing deals between IranAir and Western companies, fearing U.S. banking sanctions that remain in force or a new chill in relations between Tehran and the West under U.S. President Donald Trump.
Boeing has stressed the benefits to U.S. jobs of the plane deals.
Fakhrieh-Kashan was meanwhile quoted on Monday as saying IranAir had reached a long-awaited agreement to buy 20 European turboprops from ATR (LDOF.MI)(AIR.PA).
Talks over maintenance with engine maker Pratt & Whitney Canada (UTX.N) had delayed a final deal. It was not immediately clear whether the official was referring to an earlier deal for the planes or the final contract including engine overhaul.
ATR said on Sunday it was still in talks with IranAir.
(Reporting by Tim Hepher and Dubai newsroom; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath and Louise Heavens)
MIAMI (AP) — The brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing at the same school, authorities said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was arrested at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing on school grounds, a Broward Sheriff's Office report said.
The teen was recorded by security cameras riding their skateboard at the school around 4:30 p.m. though they had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus, the report said.
Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that they were there to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” according to the report. It added that the teen had “surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds.”
The youth's brother, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, has been charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Nikolas Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to have legally obtained a gun such as the AR-15 assault-style rifle used in the shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(Reuters) - Outgoing Federal Reserve Bank Chair Janet Yellen said on Friday that solid economic growth, faster wage increases, and a tightening labor market mean the U.S. central bank is likely to need to continue to raise interest rates gradually, as it has signaled it will.
“The economy is growing at a healthy, solid pace,” Yellen said in an interview with PBS NewsHour on the last day of their four-year term. “The job market is strong and inflation is low ... The Federal Reserve has been on a path of gradual rate increases, and if conditions continue as they have been, that process is likely to continue, and as it do we would expect long rates to move up.”
On Saturday they hand the reins to President Donald Trump's pick to replace her, Governor Jerome Powell. They will stay in Washington as a fellow at the Brookings Institution, the think tank where former Fed Chair Ben Bernanke also works.
FILE PHOTO: An anti-government demonstrator waves a Greek flag outside the parliament during a protest in Athens, Greece June 15, 2016. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Greek pensioners take part in a demonstration against planned pension cuts in Athens, Greece April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A man looks down as a Greek national flag flutters atop one of the bastions of the 17th century fortress of Palamidi under an overcast sky at the southern port city of Nafplio, Greece, February 19. 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Euro coins are seen in front of a displayed Greece flag in this picture illustration, June 29, 2015. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A woman waves a Greek flag in front of parliament during a protest against the government's austerity measures in Athens May 3, 2010. REUTERS/John Kolesidis/File photo
ATHENS Promising to cut pensions and give taxpayers fewer breaks, Greece has paved the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds from international lenders and possibly opened the door to reworking its massive debt.
Officials from both sides reached a deal early on Tuesday on a package of bailout-mandated reforms, ending six months of staff-level haggling. Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos announced it with a term associated with papal elections.
"There was white smoke," they told reporters.
READ MORE: Greek economy to grow 1.5 percent this year, less than official forecasts - IOBE
Greece now needs to legislate the new measures - which also include opening up the energy market to competition - before euro zone finance ministers approve the disbursement of loans, probably at the next scheduled Eurogroup meeting on May 22.
Athens needs the funds urgently to repay 7.5 billion euros in debt maturing in July.
The main opposition party New Democracy said it would not support the deal, but the government coalition has a small but firm majority and is expected to push it through.
Germany, one of the main lenders and a hard-liner in forcing Greek reforms, said the deal was a step forward but noted that work was not yet complete.
READ MORE: Rome, Athens look to Macron to help douse anti-EU fires
Financial markets welcomed it, however. Greek 10-year bond yields fell 35 basis points to 6.13 percent, their lowest since 2014. The main Athens stock index was up 2.9 percent with banks gaining 9 percent.
The Eurogroup meeting, meanwhile, may mark the first formal discussion of debt relief for Greece, an issue that means different things to each side.
The International Monetary Fund reckons Greek debt is unsustainable at 179 percent of gross domestic product and is reluctant to participate in further funding without a debt relief agreement.
European Union lenders, however, have ruled out forgiving the debt and refused to discuss such things as cutting repayment rates until after a reform-for-cash deal is cut.
Both groups of lenders have differed markedly about what Greece's budget is capable of sustaining.
The Greek government, however, hailed Tuesday's agreement as now allowing the yet-to-be-defined relief go ahead.
"The government believes that this road, despite the difficulties, will lead to the country's exit from bailouts," Interior Minister Panos Skourletis told ERT TV.
"What's important after closing the bailout review is to have a roadmap for debt relief."
Skourletis repeated Greece's mantra that demanding increasing amounts of austerity risks alienating great swathes of EU citizens.
"The consequences for every government, including ours, that is obliged to implement bailout measures, is the risk of damaging the relationship with society, particularly the groups that you want to represent," they said.
TARGETS
As part of the reforms, Athens has promised to cut pensions in 2019 and cut the tax-free threshold in 2020 to produce savings worth 2 percent of gross domestic product.
If it outperforms its targets, it will be allowed to activate a set of measures offsetting the impact of the additional austerity, which includes mainly lowering taxes.
Athens also agreed to sell coal-fired plants and coal mines equal to about 40 percent of its dominant power utility Public Power Corp's capacity.
On the budgetary target level, the lenders are now likely to decide among themselves on Greece's medium-term primary surplus targets, a key element for granting further debt relief.
In a draft document seen by Reuters, the IMF says Greece can reach a primary surplus - the budget balance excluding debt repayments - of 2.2 percent in 2018 and aim at 3.5 percent annually in 2019-2021. It suggests the primary surplus target be reduced to 1.5 percent of GDP thereafter.
Euro zone lenders, however, believe Greece must sustain a 3.5 percent GDP primary surplus target over a longer period.
Last year's Greek primary surplus was 4.2 percent, according to the lenders. Whether that can be maintained is unclear.
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou; Writing by Karolina Tagaris and Jeremy Gaunt; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
A construction site is reflected on a window as a business person walks in Tokyo's business district, Japan January 20, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japan's government raised its assessment of business sentiment in April, the first upgrade in four months, after the Bank of Japan's tankan survey showed this month that the corporate mood brightened.
However, the government left unchanged for the fifth month its overall assessment that the economy is recovering gradually though pockets of weakness remain.
Japan's economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a recovery in global demand.
Business confidence among big manufacturers improved for a second straight quarter to hit a one-and-a-half year high, the BOJ tankan released on April 3 showed, a sign the benefits of an export-driven economic recovery were broadening.
"Firms' judgment on current business conditions is improving," the Cabinet Office said in its monthly economic report released on Thursday.
This marked an upgrade from last month, when the Cabinet Office, which helps coordinate economic policy, said business sentiment was improving gradually.
The BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at its policy review next week than it did a month ago, sources have told Reuters, as robust exports and factory output support recovery in the world's third-largest economy.
The economy is expected to recover gradually as employment and wages continue to improve, but uncertainty in overseas economies and fluctuations in the financial markets warrant attention, the Cabinet Office said in its report.
The Cabinet Office left unchanged its assessment that consumer spending is continuing to recover on the whole, capital expenditure is showing signs of pickup, and that exports are recovering.
(Reporting by Minami Funakoshi; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
March 28 Acacia Research Corp:
* Acacia subsidiary, Saint Lawrence, awarded verdict of willful patent infringement in case against Motorola
* Jury returned a verdict that five U.S. Patents were valid and infringed
* Acacia Research Corp - Jury found infringement was willful and returned a damages award of nearly $9.2mln for past infringement
* Acacia Research - unit received a jury verdict in its case against Motorola Inc in lead case number 2:15-cv-00349 pending in court Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, April 3 U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday signed a repeal of Obama-era broadband privacy rules, the White House said.
Republicans in Congress last week narrowly passed the repeal of the privacy rules with no Democratic support and over the strong objections of privacy advocates.
The signing, disclosed in White House statement late on Monday, follows strong criticism of the bill, which is a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gold prices inched down early on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data due later in the day as traders looked for guidance on the course of monetary policy for the remainder of the year. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold dipped 0.1 percent to $1,346.90 per ounce at 0109 GMT, and has fallen 0.1 percent so far this week. * U.S. gold futures were up 0.2 percent at $1,350.60 per ounce. * Traders are looking to the U.S. government's jobs report on Friday. Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent. * Stronger-than-expected jobs data, lower unemployment and higher wages would signal strength in the economy, and could in turn strengthen the dollar and pressure gold, analysts say. * The U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged on Wednesday but raised its inflation outlook and flagged "further gradual" rate increases. * A survey on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, supporting expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy. * Sibanye-Stillwater said on Thursday that over 1,000 miners were stuck underground at its Beatrix gold mine in South Africa after a storm knocked out power, but they were not in danger. * India said on Thursday it expected economic growth to surge above 8 percent as it announced a 2018/19 budget that allocated billions of dollars for rural infrastructure and unveiled a health insurance programme for around 500 million poor. * Gold consumption in China grew by 9.41 percent from the previous year to 1,089 tonnes in 2017, state television CCTV reported on Thursday, citing figures from the China Gold Association. * Acacia Mining has spent $2 million to lock in the option to sell 120,000 ounces of its gold output at $1,320 an ounce, hedging against lower prices to offset the impact of a government ban on concentrate exports. * U.S. fund investors cashed out of cash funds and stocked up on stocks in the latest week, ignoring a setback in markets and taking on more risk, Lipper data showed on Thursday. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 1000 Euro zone Producer prices Dec 1330 U.S. Nonfarm payrolls Jan 1330 U.S. Unemployment rate Jan 1445 U.S. ISM-New York index Jan 1500 U.S. Factory orders Dec (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Pullin)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
April 3 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd -
* Teva announces FDA approval of AUSTEDO™ (deutetrabenazine) tablets for the treatment of chorea associated with huntington's disease
* AUSTEDO is expected to be available in U.S. within next 3 weeks. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Endo International Plc
* Endo International Plc - currently estimates total Q1 2017 revenues to be between $1,015 million and $1,035 million
* Endo International Plc - Endo currently expects its Q1 2017 EBITDA from continuing operations to be between $440 million and $460 million
* Q1 revenue view $1.02 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 5 Archer Daniels Midland Co (ADM) plans to close its South African trading desk, the company said on Wednesday, in a further shake up as the Chicago-based agribusiness grapples with volatile global grain markets.
ADM said in a statement it had informed staff it was "proposing discontinuing our South Africa merchandising operations, following the legally required employee consultation process".
The company said this related to its global trade desk operations in Johannesburg, adding it would continue activities related to its Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts food business in South Africa.
"We believe the changes we are making will lead to a strong and focused (global) operation that will yield improved results as we move through 2017," ADM said.
Two sources familiar with the matter said separately the South Africa desk was winding down trading positions, which are expected to be wrapped up by mid July.
ADM said on its website its South Africa unit originates and trades grain and oilseeds for the Sub-Saharan region and employed 25 people.
In February, ADM reported fourth-quarter net earnings of $424 million, or 73 cents per share, down 41 percent on the same period a year earlier.
A record-large U.S. corn and soybean harvest and brisk U.S. crop exports boosted results for its agricultural services segment. But those gains were blunted by more losses by its global trading desk, which has exited energy trading and shed key personnel in recent months. (Reporting by Jonathan Saul, Zandi Shabalala and Nigel Hunt; Editing by Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
STOCKHOLM, April 28 Autoliv , the world's biggest maker of airbags and seatbelts, reported a bigger-than-expected rise in quarterly earnings but flagged uncertainty about global vehicle production ahead, sending its shares slightly lower.
The Stockholm-based auto safety gear maker said first quarter operating profit rose to $218 million from a year-ago $205 million to come in ahead of a mean forecast of $206 million in a Reuters poll of analysts.
The company kept unchanged its outlook for the full year but forecast like-for-like sales growth would slow in the second quarter compared to the first while it struck a note of caution about global light vehicle production.
"Light vehicle production grew by almost 6 percent in the quarter, with growth in all regions," the company said.
"However, we currently see some uncertainties relating to light vehicle production growth, including high inventory levels and slower sales momentum, especially in North America and China."
Autoliv shares are down 10 percent this year compared with a 9 percent rise in the broader Stockholm stock market.
Worries over increased investments at the group and the outlook for car markets in China and the United States have weighed on the stock which fell 0.9 percent on the day by 1026 GMT.
(Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom; Editing by Niklas Pollard)
Not the least impressive feature of Leinster's rejuvenation this season has been their attacking game. In 30 games last season they scored 60 tries. After their latest haul of five tries in the Sportsground last Saturday in their 27th game so far this season, they have already scored 121 tries.
They scored two of Saturday's five through their defence, while showing a real cutting edge, with the distribution of Ross Byrne and Noel Reid helping them to outflank Connacht's defence tellingly.
Connacht players were, to a man, suitably impressed by Leinster's much improved defensive and offensive games this season, with the latter their most striking area of improvement according to Pat Lam.
“It's their attack,” said Pat Lam in highlighting the greater width and variety to Leinster's attacking game.
“They are playing the edges; they are playing with width; there is real clarity in what they are doing. Certainly over the year when I first got here I used to watch them and they were around the corner, around the corner, around the corner so it was easy to defend. Now they can hit you both left and right, and to reload back.”
Lam also cited Leinster's improved ability to convert three-on-two or two-on-one match-ups, the quality of their players and the way all in their squad can seamlessly slip into their structure.
When Stuart Lancaster first arrived on the Leinster scene in September it's easy to forget that they raised eyebrows when starting their ambition was to help make the province a force in Europe again. Now they are within a game of reaching a fourth final.
“It is hard for me to measure it because I wasn't here,” said Lancaster in comparing last season with this. “Since I've been here, I've been unbelievably impressed with the quality of players that are here, the mindset to want to get better and, also, the mindset to go to a fourth European Cup final. It is a massive, massive driver for the players.
“The players, quite rightly, are very proud and the players, who played in those finals, are very proud of what they have achieved in the past. They want to do it again for the fourth time. Only Toulouse have won the European Cup four times. And so it goes on. That is the big, big driver for them. I can't fault the players. They've been outstanding.”
Lancaster's influence has clearly been profound. Leinster is the leading try scorers in the European Cup this season, scoring 31 in a pool with Montpellier, Castres and Northampton, and after their stylish quarter-final win over Wasps, when Leinster made 17 offloads, beat 28 defenders and scored four tries, Lancaster sees no reason why Leinster should abandon their attacking philosophy now.
Tough challenge
“I think you've got to, really. You've got to be aware when you're playing any team in France not to give them a start. That allows them to build momentum and belief in their game but there's absolutely no doubt in my mind that if we have a positive mindset to play the game from the first to the 80th minute that we can cause some problems.
“We saw both in the qualifying rounds but also in the PRO12 as well. We wouldn't have scored 86 tries [in the Pro12] by accident.”
Leinster haven't won on their last four treks to France, dating back to a pool win over Castres three seasons ago, and having been at the 2015 semi-final in Saint Etienne when Clermont beat a red-hot Saracens 13-9, Lancaster appreciates the scale of the task.
“When they put out their best team they tend to win,” said Lancaster.
“They are a very strong team, across the board, really. They've obviously got a couple of key injuries but we've watched all the pool games. They've played Ulster twice and Exeter twice. They are probably the best coached of the Top 14 teams in terms of their organisation and structure. They are fit. They have got X-factor players all over the park and their motivation playing in front of their own fans will be huge so it is as tough a challenge as you are going to get in European rugby.”
Clermont's Fijian-born French winger Noa Nakaitaci has joined Wesley Fofana on the sidelines due to the ruptured cruciate ligament they suffered in the quarter-final win over Toulon, but Lancaster agrees that Clermont are the most potent side in the competition at converting line breaks into tries.
“Their attacking threat is significantly higher than any other team we've faced so far this season. You only have to watch the Exeter game, for example. Exeter are second-from-top in The Premiership and they blew them away in the first half with a brand of rugby that Exeter, who are very good defensively, just couldn't live with. Particularly at home, with the energy and momentum a crowd can give, it is going to be a huge test for us defensively.”
“On the flip side, I would argue the Top-14 sides defend differently to the way we defend. I think, if we can get the width in our defensive line and our line speed right, then we can force errors as well as deal with the threats that they've got coming at us. But, they've got X-Factor players across the board.”
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Lloyd's sums up London's phantom exodus. A day after the UK formally announced the start of its two-year process to exit the European Union, its best-known insurance marketplace confirmed plans to open a new office in Brussels. The outflow of staff – in the mere tens, out of a UK workforce approaching 900 – is consistent with a sense that “Brexodus” is a steady trickle rather than a torrent.
Lloyd's monitors and supports 99 syndicates underwriting specialist insurance worldwide, who in 2015 wrote 11 percent of their gross written premiums in the European Economic Area. In doing something to preserve this arrangement, it is comparatively late to the party. The risk of UK entities losing access to European customers after Brexit has been obvious since the vote in June. But most big financial groups, like HSBC and Aviva, already have subsidiaries on the continent. How many staff members need to actually move is a function of how much business the group does in the EU, and how antsy European regulators might be about the changed circumstances.
There is no way to spin this outflow as a good thing. Even if every financial firm moves only 10 percent of staff, that could still risk a tangible proportion of the 71 billion pounds of tax from financial services companies generated in 2016. UBS has said a fifth of its 5,000 London staff could be affected by Brexit, while a quarter of JPMorgan's 16,000 UK staff could be.
Still, anecdotally bankers at the big firms think the exodus will be less, and London will retain its financial hub status. While a free trade agreement between the EU and the UK on favourable terms for finance seems far-fetched, it's not impossible – and Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday said that a future free trade agreement ought to cover financial services. More simply, not many financial types want to leave London. As such, Lloyd's is merely doing what every other firm is doing – acquiring an option that it hopes will expire, out of the money.
(Editing by John Foley and Liam Proud)
April 20 SAExploration Holdings Inc:
* SAExploration announces $20 million of new project awards
* All projects are expected to be performed during second half of 2017
* No new capital expenditures are required to execute these projects Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Brazil watchdog wants out of Oi reorganization, paper says
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil telecommunications industry watchdog Anatel has asked a bankruptcy court to exclude the 11 billion reais ($3.3 billion) in debt it is owed by phone carrier Oi SA from the purview of the carrier's in-court reorganization plan, O Estado de S. Paulo said on Wednesday. Anatel President Juarez Quadros told Estado that the request had been presented to the judge in charge of Oi's bankruptcy protection case last Friday. The debt corresponds to back fines and levies
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. The U.S. Air Force is open to buying rides on previously flown SpaceX rockets to put military satellites into orbit, a move expected to cut launch costs for the Pentagon, the head of the Air Force Space Command said on Thursday.
The idea of flying on recycled rockets became a reality a week ago when privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, launched a communications satellite on a Falcon 9 booster that previously put a cargo ship into orbit for NASA.
That Falcon main stage had been recovered from a successful return landing on an ocean platform shortly after its maiden flight last April, then was relaunched and salvaged again last Thursday, marking a spaceflight first.
“I would be comfortable if we were to fly on a reused booster,” General John "Jay" Raymond told reporters at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs. “They've proven they can do it. ... It's going to get us to lower cost.”
SpaceX has so far won three launch contracts to fly military and national security satellites - business previously awarded exclusively to United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
All those flights will take place on new Falcon 9 rockets.
SpaceX, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has a backlog of more than 70 missions worth more than $10 billion.
After last week's landmark launch, Musk said the company planned to fly about 20 more rockets this year, including the debut blastoff of its new heavy-lift vehicle. Up to six of those missions, including the Falcon Heavy, will use previously flown boosters, they said.
Speaking at the symposium on Wednesday, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said the cost of refurbishing and reflying the Falcon 9 first stage was "substantially less than half" the cost of manufacturing a new booster - the most expensive part of the rocket. SpaceX's website lists the cost of a basic Falcon 9 launch at $62 million.
SpaceX expects to reduce costs even further.
The company's next goal is to launch and return a rocket and relaunch it within 24 hours. "That's when we'll really feel like we've got reusability right," Shotwell said.
Raymond said the Air Force would need to certify that a used booster could safely deliver its satellites into orbit.
"I'm pretty comfortable we'll get comfortable with doing it," Raymond said. "This is just beginning.”
(Editing by Steve Gorman and Peter Cooney)
The tennis champion has also said they want to have another daughter with their husband.
Serena Williams has said they once cried because they could not find their baby daughter's bottle as they spoke about coping with postnatal depression following a difficult birth.
The sports star has also said that they are ready to have another child, and that they would be pregnant again if they were not back on the tennis court.
Williams welcomed daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr in September last year with husband Alexis Ohanian, and they have previously told of the life-threatening health complications that arose during the birth.
Among them, Williams was forced to undergo an emergency caesarean, and they also had surgery for blood clots in their lungs.
The tennis ace, 36, told Harper's Bazaar UK: “Honestly, sometimes I think I still have to deal with it.
“I think people have to talk about it more because it's almost like the fourth trimester, it's part of the pregnancy.
“I remember one day, I couldn't find Olympia's bottle and I got so upset I started crying… because I wanted to be perfect for her.”
A post shared by Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on May 12, 2018 at 6:08am PDT
But Williams, who married Reddit co-founder Ohanian in mid-November following the birth of their daughter, said they are keen to have another child, and soon.
“If I wasn't playing tennis, I'd be pregnant right now – sorry, I'm one of those women,” they told the magazine.
“I've been injured so many times, and played on it, my body is used to adjusting.”
Williams, who was one of the star guests at the royal wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex earlier this month, returned to the tennis court for their first Grand Slam appearance this week at the French Open, and they will also be at Wimbledon this year.
Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian at the royal wedding (Toby Melville/PA)
Williams said that they told their husband that they hope “it's another girl”.
They added: “Olympia needs a little sister, and then we can have a boy. I've only been around girls my whole life.”
Williams also told the magazine, of which they are the cover star, that they will “never be a size 4” when referring to comments they made several years about losing weight to get down to that size.
They said: “Why would I want to do that, and be that? This is me, and this is my weapon and machine.
“But I love that I said that, because I can understand. I can show Olympia that I struggled, but now I'm happy with who I am and what I am and what I look like.
“Olympia was born and they had my arms, and instead of being sad and fearful about what people would say about her, I was just so happy.”
Harper's Bazaar is on sale on May 31.
© Press Association 2018
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne, Australia - 26/03/2017 - Williams driver Lance Stroll of Canada has a tyre change during during the Australian Formula One Grand Prix. REUTERS/Brandon Malone
LONDON Former world champions Williams expressed optimism for Formula One's future under the sport's new owners Liberty Media after the team reported a profit and increased revenues for 2016 on Wednesday.
The British-based team, who last won a race in 2012, finished fifth last year after ending the previous two seasons in third place overall.
Williams said group revenue had increased from 125.6 million pounds in 2015 to 167.4 million last year. The Formula One side accounted for 116.7 million, compared to a previous 101.5 million.
Group earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) improved from a loss of 3.3 million in 2015 to a profit of 15.5 million.
Income from the sport's commercial rights holder is paid a year in arrears.
"Our team continues to attract support from some of the world's leading companies and brands, and we are very optimistic about the overall potential for the sport, under Liberty Media's flight attendantship," commented chief executive Mike O'Driscoll.
U.S.-based Liberty took control in January, replacing CVC Capital Partners as commercial rights holders and appointing Chase Carey to run the business instead of 86-year-old Briton Bernie Ecclestone.
Formula One teams currently have individual deals with the commercial rights holder that expire in 2020.
Ferrari, Mercedes, McLaren and Red Bull receive tens of millions of dollars to reflect past success and their importance to the sport, money that is paid regardless of current performance. Williams also get a 'heritage bonus'.
Liberty has said it wants to see a more level playing field, with a more competitive grid that would give smaller teams a chance.
Williams have 18-year-old Canadian rookie Lance Stroll in their lineup this season along with Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa after Finland's Valtteri Bottas moved to champion Mercedes.
Bottas, who scored 85 points to Massa's 53 last year, has replaced the now-retired 2016 world champion Nico Rosberg.
(Editing by John O'Brien)
(Adds details)
NAIROBI, April 20 Kenya's KCB Group, the country's biggest lender by assets, said it has offered employees voluntary early retirement in a bid to save 2 billion shillings ($19.36 million) each year.
KCB, which also operates in five neighbouring countries, had already said it would cut an unspecified number of jobs, mainly due to technological changes and the capping of commercial rates in Kenya last September.
Kenya has been a global pioneer in technological innovations in finance, launching the M-pesa mobile phone cash transfer system a decade ago and the first mobile phone-based bond last month.
The cost of the proposed buyouts, which are being offered in line with local laws, will take a year and a half to recover, KCB said on Thursday.
Staff have a month to apply, and the group plans to complete the exercise in the middle of June, sources at KCB told Reuters.
KCB said the cuts would help it align its staff with a banking industry that had "been dimmed by legislative and regulatory reforms". It also said technological changes were now attracting non-traditional firms into the sector.
The government set a commercial interest rate limit of 400 basis points above the central bank rate, which stands at 10 percent. The cap, which also set a minimum deposit rate, has curbed bank earnings and private sector credit expansion.
The government argued lending rates were too high, a position opposed by banks who argued the cap could lead to credit rationing. ($1 = 103.3000 Kenyan shillings) (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Alexander Smith)
March 29 Procredit Holding AG & Co KgaA :
* FY profit after tax for continuing business operations stood at 47.0 million euros ($50.77 million), up 22.6 pct from previous year (2015: 38.4 million euros)
* FY consolidated profit after tax of 61.0 million euros, at approximately same level as previous year (2015: 61.3 million euros)
* Positive outlook for continued growth in 2017
* In 2017 management of ProCredit Holding expects group's gross loan portfolio to experience net growth of between 5 pct and 8 pct
* In medium term, group sees potential for annual net growth of gross loan portfolio of 10 pct as well as a return on average equity of around 10 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9257 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Trendlines Group Ltd
* Unit in partnership with Singapore General Hospital will receive a grant from Singapore Israel Industrial Research And Development Foundation
* Grant for development and clinical trial for its stress urinary incontinence product Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Wisekey International Holding AG :
* Will publish 2016 annual report, including, among other things, its consolidated financial statements for financial year 2016, on 5 May 2017, and not by end of April 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Orlando based Real Estate Closing Solutions is ranked on the 2017 Inc. 5000 list for the fourth consecutive year.
Contact
Real Estate Closing Solutions
***@ontargetwebsolutions.com Real Estate Closing Solutions
End
-- "We are honored to be recognized for the 4th year in a row," says Owner Dana Ward. "The standards for year over year growth to qualify for this honor are very challenging. Our company is built on the best talent in the title and closing industry and our success is a testament to our amazing customers that support us in this highly competitive industry."In 2009, Real Estate Closing Solutions (RECS) was founded on the principle of putting the "consumer first!" Our success has been achieved without any affiliated Realtor, lender or builder ownership interests in the company or "creative" Marketing Services Agreements (MSA's). Our team and loyal Realtor and lender partners keep the consumer focus where it should be…providing safe, reliable, timely and compliant closings!"Out of the nearly seven million private companies moving the economy forward every day, only a tiny fraction have demonstrated such remarkably consistent high growth. Your repeat Inc. 5000 honors truly put you in rarefied company," states Inc. Magazine President and Editor-in-Chief, Eric Schurenberg in their announcement letter to Real Estate Closing Solutions.About Real Estate Closing SolutionsRECS is a privately-held real estate title, escrow and closing company headquartered in Orlando, FL. During a time of new and complicated regulatory changes, RECS emerged as a leading expert on the new regulations and have made countless presentations, served in key leadership and educational roles and provided invaluable tools and education for their Realtor and lender partners.Companies on the Inc. 5000 are featured in Inc.'s September 2017 issue. They represent the top tier of the Inc. 5000, which can be found at http://www.inc.com/ inc5000
A sign is pictured in front of the Vitol Group trading commodities building in Geneva October 4, 2011. Picture taken October 4, 2011. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
World's largest independent energy trader Vitol's profit rose 25 percent last year, the Financial Times reported on Monday, citing people familiar with the matter.
The Swiss-based company [VITOLV.UL] had a net income of $2 billion (1.60 billion pounds) in 2016, up from just over $1.6 billion in 2015, according to the FT. on.ft.com/2nvJIi3
The 2016 net income included $500 million of gains from asset sales and a $100 million tax bill, the newspaper reported.
The results are unaudited and subject to revision, according to the FT.
Vitol said last month that annual traded volumes rose 16 percent in 2016 to a new record as it sold more gasoline and diesel in markets such as the U.S. and Australia.
Vitol's turnover, however, fell to $152 billion in 2016 from $168 billion in 2015 as a result of lower energy prices.
Vitol was not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Live updates: State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens, prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
LONDON (AP) — The former head of the official "Leave" campaign in Britain's 2016 vote on European Union membership is denying breaking spending rules ahead of a report from the country's electoral watchdog.
The Electoral Commission has not yet published its report on Vote Leave.
But Matthew Elliott, who headed the group, says the commission has concluded that Vote Leave broke rules by donating more than 600,000 pounds ($800,000) to another group then using the money for its own activities.
Elliott denied wrongdoing Wednesday, saying Vote Leave acted "both within the letter of the law and also the spirit."
Advertisement
The Electoral Commission has conducted several investigations into the referendum, which was won by those wanting Britain to leave the EU.
Another pro-Brexit organization, Leave.EU, was fined 70,000 pounds in May for overspending and filing inaccurate records.
* Shanghai stocks higher, blue-chip CSI300 index up
* Gains in Shanghai stocks led by Yang Quan Coal Industry Group Co Ltd and losses by Guizhou Chitianhua Co Ltd
* China's A-shares are at 30.16 percent premium over H-shares
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks reversed earlier losses and ended higher on Friday, underpinned by robust gains in resources firms. But major indexes still posted hefty weekly drops, led by the Shanghai benchmark index which posted its worst week in 14 months. ** Market sentiment remained unstable, with more than 60 stocks tumbling the maximum allowed 10 percent, as investors continued to dump small-caps after firms including Leshi flagged large losses for 2017. ** At the close, the Shanghai Composite index was up 15.96 points or 0.5 percent at 3,462.94. ** The blue-chip CSI300 index was up 0.6 percent, with its financial sector sub-index higher by 0.1 percent, the consumer staples sector down 0.74 percent , the real estate index up 0.67 percent and healthcare sub-index up 0.16 percent.
** For the week, SSEC dropped 2.7 percent, while CSI300 was down 2.5 percent.
** The smaller Shenzhen index ended unchanged for the day and the start-up board ChiNext Composite index was higher by 0.3 percent. ** Around the region, MSCI's Asia ex-Japan stock index fell 0.3 percent while Japan's Nikkei index closed down 0.9 percent . ** At 0705 GMT, the yuan was quoted at 6.2754 per U.S. dollar, 0.34 percent firmer than the previous close of 6.2965. ** The largest percentage gainers in the main Shanghai Composite index were Yang Quan Coal Industry Group Co Ltd up 10.04 percent, followed by Offshore Oil Engineering Co Ltd gaining 10.03 percent and ShanXi Coking Co Ltd up by 10.03 percent. ** The largest percentage losses in the Shanghai index were Guizhou Chitianhua Co Ltd down 10.03 percent, followed by Shanghai Diesel Engine Co Ltd losing 10.02 percent and Routon Electronic Co Ltd down by 10.01 percent. ** So far this year, the Shanghai stock index is still up 4.7 percent and the CSI300 is up around 6 percent, while China's H-share index listed in Hong Kong is up 16 percent. ** About 20.81 billion shares were traded on the Shanghai exchange, roughly 102.5 percent of the market's 30-day moving average of 20.31 billion shares a day. The volume in the previous trading session was 26.05 billion. ** As of 07:06 GMT, China's A-shares were trading at a premium of 30.13 percent over the Hong Kong-listed H-shares. ** The Shanghai stock index is above its 50-day moving average and above its 200-day moving average. ** The price-to-earnings ratio of the Shanghai index was 15.85 as of the last full trading day while the dividend yield was 1.8 percent. ** So far this week, the market capitalisation of the Shanghai stock index has fallen by 2.65 percent to 30.48 trillion yuan. (Reporting by Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Dear PAO,
I am a blogger in social media online sites. I make videos of different restaurants in different countries. I rate them according to my own preferences. I have noticed that some members of a certain social media site posted some of my videos and claimed them as their own. Are the videos I posted online protected by law? When does my right over these videos commence? Is there any way I can file a case against them? Your reply regarding my concern will be greatly appreciated.
Thank you very much,
Anton
Dear Anton,
Republic Act 8293 or The Intellectual Code of the Philippines protects the videos you posted online. Under this law, you have copyrights over the videos posted online.
Section 172.2 provides that rights over copyrights are conferred from the moment of their creation.
“Sec. 172 Literary and Artistic Works.
172.1 xxx
172.2 Works are protected by the sole fact of their creation, irrespective of their mode or form of expression, as well as of their content, quality and purpose.” (Emphasis supplied)
Further, being the copyright owner of the videos you posted online, the asupervisorstioned law, particularly Section
177, gives you exclusive rights to carry out or prevent any reproduction of the work in dispute, to wit:
“Section 177. Copyright or Economic Rights. – Subject to the provisions of Chapter VIII, copyright or economic rights shall consist of the exclusive right to carry out, authorize or prevent the following acts:
177.1. Reproduction of the work or substantial portion of the work;
xxx
177.5. Public display of the original or a copy of the work;
xxx” (Emphasis supplied)
On the other hand, the law provides for remedies that may be filed in case of any infringement of your copyrights.
The Supreme Court in the case of Pacita I. Habana, Alicia L. Cinco and Jovita N. Fernando vs. Felicidad C. Robles and Goodwill Trading Co. Inc. (G.R. No 131522, July 19, 1999), penned by former Associate Justice Bernardo Pardo laid down the parameters in determining the question of infringement. It stated:
“To constitute infringement, it is not necessary that the whole or even a large portion of the work shall have been copied. If so much is taken that the value of the original is sensibly diminished, or the labors of the original author are substantially and to an injurious extent appropriated by another, that is sufficient in point of law to constitute piracy.
The essence of intellectual piracy should be essayed in conceptual terms in order to underscore its gravity by an appropriate understanding thereof. Infringement of a copyright is a trespass on a private domain owned and occupied by the owner of the copyright, and, therefore, protected by law, and infringement of copyright, or piracy, which is a synonymous term in this connection, consists in the doing by any person, without the consent of the owner of the copyright, of anything the sole right to do which is conferred by statute on the owner of the copyright.”
Applying the foregoing to your case, you may file for the following remedies, i) injunction to prevent infringement under Section 216.1 (a) of the asupervisorstioned law; ii) an action for damages in light of Section 216.1 (b) thereof, in order to protect your rights over the copyrights infringement committed the person who copied your videos posted online, considering that these videos were used without your consent. The provisions are quoted below:
“Section 216. Remedies for Infringement. – 216.1. Any person infringing a right protected under this law shall be liable:
(a) To an injunction restraining such infringement. The court may also order the defendant to desist from an infringement, among others, to prevent the entry into the channels of commerce of imported goods that involve an infringement, immediately after customs clearance of such goods.
(b) Pay to the copyright proprietor or their assigns or heirs such actual damages, including legal costs and other expenses, as they may have incurred due to the infringement as well as the profits the infringer may have made due to such infringement, and in proving profits the plaintiff shall be required to prove sales only and the defendant shall be required to prove every element of cost which they claim, or, in lieu of actual damages and profits, such damages which to the court shall appear to be just and shall not be regarded as penalty.” (Emphasis supplied)
We find it necessary to mention that this opinion is solely based on the facts you have narrated and our appreciation of the same. The opinion may vary when the facts are changed or elaborated. We hope that we were able to enlighten you on the matter.
A Dish Network logo is seen on a satellite dish on a Brooklyn apartment building roof in New York June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
People pass by a T-Mobile store in the Brooklyn borough of New York June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.O) bid $8 billion and Dish Network Corp (DISH.O) $6.2 billion to win the bulk of broadcast airwaves spectrum for sale in a government auction, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission said on Thursday.
The two carriers accounted for most of the $19.8 billion in winning bids, the FCC said. Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) agreed to acquire $1.7 billion in spectrum, AT&T Inc (T.N) bid $910 million and investment firm Columbia Capital offered $1 billion.
The FCC said 175 broadcast stations were selling airwaves to 50 wireless and other telecommunications companies. Companies plan to use the spectrum to build new networks or improve existing coverage.
The spectrum auction's end is widely expected to kick off a wave of deal-making in the telecom industry. Until now, companies participating in the auction have been restrained by a quiet period, but that will end after April 27, when down payments are due from auction winners.
T-Mobile said its $8 billion winning bid would enable it "to compete in every single corner of they country." The company, controlled by Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGn.DE), said the investment will quadruple its low-band holdings.
Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and Sprint Corp (S.N) opted not to bid.
“What is most interesting to us was (Verizon) was nowhere to be found,” Jennifer Fritzsche, an analyst at Wells Fargo, said in a research note, adding that "we continue to believe Verizon's interests lay in the higher band spectrum assets."
Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson, said in an email that there were three surprises in the results: “Comcast bought less than expected, Dish Network bought more, and Verizon bought nothing at all."
Dish shares fell 2.5 percent to close at $62.38. Comcast, Verizon and AT&T were down less than 1 percent at market close while T-Mobile rose marginally.
Moffett said Dish's spectrum spending underscored "the growing importance of the company's valuation as it relates to their spectrum holdings."
Comcast sold spectrum from three of its NBCUniversal owned stations in New York, Philadelphia and Chicago for $481.6 million.
The FCC also announced new channel assignments for 957 non-winning stations that must change channels to clear the new wireless airwaves for use.
Of the $19.8 billion bid, more than $7 billion will go to reduce the U.S. deficit and $10.05 billion to broadcasters relinquishing spectrum. Up to $1.75 billion will go to broadcasters that incur costs in changing channels.
Sellers had initially sought $86.4 billion for 126 megahertz. Many analysts had expected broadcasters to earn more and sell more spectrum.
(Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Tom Brown)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
PRAGUE Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka informed the cabinet on Wednesday they planned to hand their resignation to President Milos Zeman by mid-May, possibly later than this week as they had announced on Tuesday, two cabinet members said.
Sobotka surprised the political scene on Tuesday by announcing the resignation as a way to force a resolution of a row with Finance Minister Andrej Babis centred around their past financial operations.
Babi has denied any wrongdoing and has refused to resign on their own.
(Reporting by Jan Lopatka and Robert Muller; Editing by Jason Hovet)
BRIEF-Bactiguard enters new partnership with Gada Italia
* BACTIGUARD HAS ENTERED PARTNERSHIP WITH GADA ITALIA SRL ("GADA"), A SPECIALIZED AND LEADING DISTRIBUTOR OF MEDICAL DEVICES AND INTEGRATED HEALTHCARE SERVICES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
GTC Advisors is a 100% Independent, privately owned Boutique Investment Advisory Firm offering services to retail, corporate and high net worth individuals.
Contact
John Healy
***@gtc-advisors.com John Healy
End
-- As US markets continue to hold the gains seen earlier in the year, the precious metals market is seeing some support as Gold looks to edge closer to the magic $1,300.00 mark.As, many gold bugs are wondering just how high the precious metal can run.Gold finally breached through the 200-day moving average last week, with the closely watched technical indicator having brought a halt to bullion's run a couple of times in 2017. The last time the gold price broke above the 200-moving day average was in November, but the breakout was only short lived.The renewed strength in gold, which has, has emboldened the bulls. Gold has also received a boost from the Trump administration's military strike on Syria and mounting tensions with North Korea.Geopolitical tensions continuing in the Middle East and new issues with North Korea could see the safe haven push higher over the coming weeks.Gold bulls also have their eye on inflation, which has typically been a positive for gold.As if you need more proof that inflation is finally starting to pick up, lumber prices rose to a 12-year high last week, supported mainly by expectations that steep duties will soon be levied on cheap softwood imports from Canada. Lumber futures rose to nearly $415 per thousand board feet last Monday, a level unseen since March 2005, soon after homeownership peaked here in the U.S.So what does that mean for gold?This is all very constructive for the price of gold, which has historically been used as a hedge during periods of rising inflation. The yellow metal closed above $1,270 an ounce last week for the first time since soon after the November presidential election. A "golden cross" has not yet occurred, with the 50-day moving average still below the 200-day, but such a move appears likely in the next few trading sessions if upward momentum can be sustained.Whilst precious metals offer an interesting hedge against the markets, equities still look ripe at the moment and the continued strength of the US markets and the USD will keep many fully invested for the time being. We suggest a small position in an ETF such as GLD for exposure to the commodity as this affords far more flexibility than the options markets.GTC Advisors prides itself in offering a truly global financial service. Our ability to provide a wide range of independent financial advice incorporating multiple sectors, markets and demographics is key to retaining clients and nurturing new relationships. It is our mission to support our clients in every aspect of their financial strategy that sets us apart from the competition.Contact an advisor today for a free consultation at www.gtc-advisors.com
LONDON, March 29 British government bonds rallied to their highest in almost a month on Wednesday as Prime Minister Theresa May formally started two years of talks to leave the European Union, Demand was boosted by end-of-quarter buying across major markets as well as by market uncertainty about Brexit. Benchmark 10-year gilt yields sank 4 basis points on the day to 1.149 percent, their lowest since March 6, while 20-year gilt yields touched their lowest since Feb. 28 at 1.664 percent as prices rose. "There are lots of flows attributable to the quarter end, and a lot of people are very unwilling to sit on cash," ADM Investor Services strategist Marc Ostwald said. Both gilts and euro zone debt got a boost after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of changing their policy message next month and want to reassure investors that their easy money policy is far from ending. U.S. Treasuries were also up on the day, and Ostwald said gilts looked on track to be the best-performing major advanced economy bonds this quarter, as investors had homed in on the risks to growth posed by Brexit. Data from the Bank of England earlier on Wednesday showed the weakest three-monthly growth in consumer borrowing in nearly two years, raising doubts about the health of the consumer economy as inflation picked up. The coming quarter would offer investors a better guide as to how much inflation was likely to overshoot the BoE's target as a result of sterling's tumble after last June's Brexit vote, Ostwald said. Some analysts fear markets have underestimated how much inflation will rise in Britain -- potentially laying the groundwork for a sell-off in long-dated gilts. Ostwald said it would take time before the impact of the Brexit talks became clear for the gilt market. "It probably will be a little impervious for the time being, as it is not until we get an idea of some of the costs that may arise, and how sterling will react, that we get any concrete implications," they said. For now, Ostwald expected the uncertain economic outlook to dissuade most BoE policymakers from talking of higher interest rates, even as inflation picks up. Late on Tuesday BoE policymaker Ian McCafferty - who opposed restarting bond purchases last year - shied away from suggesting that it would soon be time to raise rates during a radio phone-in show. June long gilt future 127.25 (+0.39) June 2017 short sterling 99.625 (-0.005) Dec 2017 short sterling 99.50 (unch.) 10-year gilt yield 1.15 pct (-4 bps) -------------------KEY MARKET DATA--------------------------- Long Gilt futures Gilt benchmark chain Short Stg futures Cash market quotes Deposit rates Sterling cross rates UK debt speedguide -------------------KEY MARKET REPORTS-------------------------- Gilts Sterling Euro Debt Dollar U.S. Treasuries Debt reports --------------------GILT STRIPS DATA ------------------------- Gilt strips data All gilt strips IO Gilt strips PO (Reporting by David Milliken Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 20 Insteel Industries Inc:
* Insteel Industries reports second quarter 2017 financial results
* Q2 earnings per share $0.39
* Q2 sales fell 5.8 percent to $101.2 million
* Insteel Industries -for second half of fiscal 2017, expect increasing shipments driven by continued growth in construction sector
* Insteel Industries Inc - capital outlays for fiscal 2017 are expected to total up to $25.0 million largely related to expansion of Houston, Texas
* Insteel Industries Inc - expect higher operating volumes coupled with targeted process improvements will translate into lower manufacturing costs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 On Deck Capital Inc:
* EJF Capital LLC reports 8.2 percent stake in on Deck Capital Inc as on March 31, 2017
* EJF Capital LLC - believe that shares of on Deck Capital's common stock are undervalued and are an "attractive investment"
* EJF Capital LLC - have engaged in discussions with management and other shareholders of on Deck Capital Inc Source text:(bit.ly/2oS3IN9) Further company coverage:
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Qatar's Mutaz Essa Barshim secured the global high jump title their talent has promised for so long when they completed a faultless series in the World Championships on Sunday, culminating in a winning leap of 2.35 metres.
The Qatari, the second-highest jumper in history after Cuba's world record holder Javier Sotomayor, has won silver and bronze at the last two Olympics and silver in the 2013 World Championships.
But they were a class apart on Sunday, having qualified without a fail they went through the final never looking remotely close to dislodging the bar.
With the gold secured they went agonisingly close to clearing 2.40 - five centimetres short of the 1993 world record.
Russian Danil Lysenko, competing as a neutral athlete, took silver with 2.32m while Majd Eddin Ghazal of Syria had the best record of three men who cleared 2.29 to take bronze - their country's first world championship medal for a man.
Canada's world and Olympic champion Derek Drouin was unable to defend their title in London because of an Achilles injury. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream, the famous number one seller since 2007, has now included the amazing ingredient Maca Root to supercharge results! The success of Glutimax cream has been tremendous for 10 years now. Now that this famous all-natural product includes maca root, it is sure to be even more effective!
The Benefits Of Maca Root
Maca root has many benefits and is considered to be a superfood by many people. Maca root supports mood and is also considered to be an energy enhancer. It improves things like bone density and fertility too. When applied to the skin, the results in improved skin appearance are radiating giving a smooth, pimple free look.
Why Buy Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream?
Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream is a gentle, topical solution made of the finest natural ingredients. It is gentle and won't irritate your skin. Glutimax is the perfect alternate option to consider when surgery, injections and other dangerous procedures are not something you want to consider. Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream:
– Is guaranteed to work
– Is great for fast results
– Is 100% natural
– Will give you results without surgery
– Means there's no need to take dangerous pills
How Does Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream Work?
Some people wonder how this cream really works. The cream is applied to the skin and works at stimulating new cellular growth in cells of tissue and muscle. The blend of vitamins, herbs and roots helps to increase volume and stop collagen loss. The cream also encourages the skin to hold moisture better and retain fatty acids. This means the skin can combat cellulite, wrinkles, fine lines and stretch marks, as well as results in a curvier appearance. Overall, the result is a smooth, firm, plump butt that you can be proud to show off on the beach or to your other half.
The team behind Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream also encourage a good diet and to maintain a healthy lifestyle for the best results. On the website, you can find suggestions to further improve your butt, as well as sparkling customer reviews for social proof that the cream really works.
With Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream, you can enjoy a firmer, larger, rounder, more natural butt and a completely safe alternative to more extreme methods. Try Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream today.
Contact:
Melanie Corsair
Company: Glutimax Butt Enhancement Cream
Address: PO Box 16764, Rochester, NY 14616
Telephone: 1-877-338-6943
Email: sales@glutimax.com
Website: http://www.glutimax.com/
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
April 6 Anaptysbio Inc:
* Anaptysbio Inc- plans to seek regulatory clearance to initiate phase 2 studies of anb019 in patients with gpp and ppp during 2018
* Anaptysbio - announced first-in-human dosing of proprietary anti-interleukin-36 receptor antibody, anb019, in a healthy volunteer phase 1 clinical trial
* Anaptysbio - top-line data are expected during second half of 2017 for anb019 phase 1 trial Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Mediclin AG:
* Takes over the AWO Rehabilitationsklinik Bad Muender as of May 1, 2017
* Necessary contracts were signed with the AWO Gesundheitsdienste gGmbH (AWO GSD) end of March
* About purchase price silence was agreed
* AWO Rehabilitationsklinik Bad Muender generated sales of about six million euros in 2016
* About 60 employees of medical and nursing care services and technical and medical-technical services will be taken on
* Possibility is offered to employees whose workplaces are omitted to apply for a job within Mediclin Group Source text - bit.ly/2oC9CG8 Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Two exciting things happened on Kylie Jenner's Insta Stories Monday night—that is, if you are the kind of person who finds Kylie Jenner's Insta Stories exciting, which we definitely are!
Not only did the new mom go makeup-free (a relatively rare occurrence), they posted a video of baby Stormi passed out their chest and laughing in their sleep.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She's so cute!! 4/23/18 A post shared by Kylie Jenner (@kyliesnapchat) on Apr 23, 2018 at 3:51pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Also, LOOK AT THIS AND TRY NOT TO MELT!
Cuties! 4/23/18 A post shared by Kylie Jenner (@kyliesnapchat) on Apr 23, 2018 at 1:40pm PDT
Wait, there's also a photo:
Mommy and Stormi👶🏽 4/23/18 A post shared by Kylie Jenner (@kyliesnapchat) on Apr 23, 2018 at 1:37pm PDT
Kylie is clearly enjoying motherhood, and by the looks of it Stormi is is truly living the life. Napping all day + finding reasons to LOL during said naps = all we could ever want.
FRANKFURT, April 28 Deutsche Bank is expected to name James von Moltke as new finance chief, replacing Marcus Schenck who is taking on a role as co-head of the investment bank, a source close to the matter said.
Deutsche Bank declined to comment.
Von Moltke joins Deutsche Bank from Citi, where they worked as treasurer after being hired from Morgan Stanley in 2009 to head its corporate mergers group, the person said.
The news was first reported by Bloomberg on Friday.
Last month, Germany's flagship lender promoted Schenck and retail head Christian Sewing to co-deputy chief executives alongside bank chief John Cryan and said it would name a new CFO at a later stage. (Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
São Paulo, April 13 Embraer SA delivered 18 commercial jets and 15 executive jets in the first three months of 2017, the Brazilian planemaker said in a securities filing on Thursday.
Deliveries fell from the same period of last year, when Embraer delivered 21 commercial jets and 23 executive jets. The company's backlog of firm orders, a gauge of future revenue, continued slipping in the quarter to $19.2 billion at the end of March from $19.6 billion at the end of December. (Reporting by Brad Haynes)
HONG KONG A 59.60-carat pink diamond sold for a record $71.2 million (57.20 million pounds) in Hong Kong on Tuesday to local jewellers Chow Tai Fook after a five-minute bidding war between three phone bidders.
The "Pink Star", the largest Internally Flawless Fancy Vivid Pink diamond ever graded by the Gemological Institute of America according to Sotheby's, set "a new record for any diamond or jewel at auction", the auction house tweeted.
The diamond failed to sell in November 2013. The gem fetched a record $83 million but the buyer could not pay.
However, Patti Wong, chairperson of Sotheby's Asia, said the Tuesday's three bidders had been vetted for this sale.
"All three bidders...have a long standing relationship with the company and we were very, very confident that all three bidders had the financial capability and of course the buyer definitely had the financial capability," they said.
"We're not worried at all."
(Reporting by Pak Yiu; Editing by Louise Ireland)
April 6 Staffing 360 Solutions Inc
* Staffing 360 Solutions - to move forward with change in domicile from Nevada to Delaware, board has decided to hold a special meeting of stockholders
* Staffing 360 Solutions - intend to resubmit proposal for change in domicile for voting consideration - sec filing
* Staffing 360 Solutions - preliminary proxy statement will also include a new proposal relating to Jackson Investment Group
* Staffing 360 Solutions - proposal to allow jackson investment group, according to a Nasdaq listing rule to potentially own more than 20% of co's common stock
* Staffing 360 Solutions Inc - special meeting of stockholders is expected to be held in june, 2017 Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2od2mzw) Further company coverage:
The parking lot of Cameo Nightlife club remains empty after police removed barrier tape from the scene of a mass shooting in Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S. March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Caleb Hughes
Ohio police have made no arrests yet in a fatal weekend shooting in a Cincinnati nightclub, in part because there was no security video footage available to investigators despite a history of violence at the venue, authorities said on Monday.
The shooting at the packed Cameo Nightlife early on Sunday left a 27-year-old man dead and 16 others wounded; the number of wounded had initially been put at 15 people.
The gunfire, which sent hundreds of patrons fleeing and ducking for cover, grew out of a dispute inside the club, where two shootings took place in 2015, authorities said.
Unlike last year's massacre at a Florida nightclub, there was no indication that the Cincinnati shooting was "terrorism-related," authorities said on Sunday. The rampage in Orlando last June was the worst mass shooting in U.S. history, leaving 49 people dead.
Even though Cincinnati police lacked a video recording of the chaos, Chief Eliot Isaac said on Monday the department was confident of finding those responsible.
The best witnesses to the shooting were those who had been shot and were still recovering, Isaac said at a televised hearing of the public safety panel. In addition, some witnesses were reluctant to cooperate immediately after the incident, police have said.
Isaac said the number of wounded rose to 16 after another person came forward late on Sunday claiming to have been hit by gunfire. Two people remained in critical condition at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Patrons managed to bring guns into Cameo Nightlife even though four off-duty police officers were providing security in the parking lot. Employees also used handheld metal detectors to check patrons for firearms before they could enter the club.
Even so, one customer told the Cincinnati Enquirer newspaper that clubgoers in a "no-wait" line were not being screened.
Club owner Julian Rodgers issued a statement late on Sunday expressing condolences to the victims. "We will do everything in our power to cooperate and make sure the monsters that did this are caught and brought to justice," they said.
A telephone call to the club was not answered and its Facebook page was unavailable. However, late Monday Cincinnati City Manager Harry Black said on Twitter that the club had voluntarily surrendered its liquor license and that the facility would be closed until the investigation is complete.
The shooting was the worst this year in the United States in terms of the total number of dead and wounded, according to the nonprofit Gun Violence Archive, which tracks U.S. shootings.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento, California; Editing by Frank McGurty and Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
MILAN, April 5 Senior debt issued by Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca extended gains on Tuesday after the two ailing Italian banks said the European Central Bank had confirmed they met criteria for a state bailout. Investors had dumped the two banks' debt last week on concerns they may fail to qualify for a state rescue and would have to be wound down under European Union rules that impose losses on senior bondholders and large depositors.
Under the precautionary recapitalisation scheme that Italy has asked to be allowed to use to pump money into the two banks only shareholders and junior bondholders will take a hit.
By 0957 GMT an October 2018 bond issued by Popolare di Vicenza yielded 12.4 percent, down from 19.4 percent late on Tuesday and 25 percent on Monday. (Reporting by Giulio Piovaccari, writing by Valentina Za,)
SANTIAGO, April 13 The chairperson of the board of directors of LATAM Airlines, Mauricio Amaro, wrote in a letter to investors that they may step down, saying that it was time for "renewal."
LATAM, formed via a tie-up between Brazil's TAM and Chile's LAN in 2012, is the biggest Latin America-based airline. In 2016, it registered its first profitable year, despite an ongoing recession in Brazil, its principal market.
"I'm very proud to have participated in the construction of this great company," Amaro wrote in the letter, which was made public late Wednesday.
"But for LATAM, renewal is the first word," they added.
Amaro did not give a timeline for their departure, nor did they state concretely that they would leave the board. But they hinted heavily at the possibility throughout the letter.
LATAM declined to comment on the matter.
The airline, which is based in the Chilean capital Santiago, has units in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, among other nations. Chile's powerful Cueto family and Qatar Airways are also on the board.
(Reporting by Antonio de la Jara; Writing by Gram Slattery; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Dharamsala: Sri Lanka interim coach Nic Pothas was all praise for pacer Suranga Lakmal, whose 4/13 in 10 overs went a long way in island nation's first ODI win 13 matches as they beat India by seven wickets in series opener.
"Look, Suranga is a world-class bowler. If you give them the conditions that suits him, doesn't matter to whom they bowl, they are always going to make life difficult."
"In their career so far, they had bowled on flat, dry wickets. You give them some greenery, they will be brilliant. In South Africa at the start of this year, they were superb again.  They are a class performer and guts individual and great guy to have in the team."
An elated Pothas said that their team is slowly getting closer to the formula of success.
"We have had guys in this team who have gone through the processes. We have obviously tried the lot of people and we are getting closer and closer to a formula we think will be successful for us in the future," Pothas told reporters.
"We are in a nice place. We have built this team up nicely and we can now hand it to the new coach and they can run with it," they said referring to Chandika Hathurusingha, who has been appointed as the Head Coach of the Sri Lanka National Team recently.
Sri Lanka today dismissed India for 112 and then chased down the total with ease and Pothas said their team tried a different strategy against India today.
"It is a good place to be. We enjoyed the win. We haven't had a lot of success in white ball cricket. We are at a position now things are quite settled, players understand roles. We used a different strategy and very pleased with the way things worked out for us today," they said.
"Whenever you play a quality team like India, you have to adapt. We have seen historically, if you want to win against India - this game was different but you have to play spin well in the middle overs.
"We acknowledged that we have some very good players of spin, worked around the batting line up a bit. We gave ourselves the best chance," Pothas said.
The coach also singled out Angelo Mathews for special mention.
"Angelo looked great again. They have got their work load in. The physio has done some great work with him.  They are not full capacity yet. Angelo is world class performer and the way they handled that situation with the bat showed how important they are for us."
Asked how close was Dushamantha Chameera getting a game, the South African said:"He was very close but we have got a formula for how we want to play our ODI cricket. It is tough when you have to meet tough selections.
"But that is what we are getting paid, it was a tough call on him. But as I said, Suranga came up with goods and Nuwan Pradeep on their comeback was awesome. We are happy that everything turned out very well."
Pothas said toss and the no-ball dismissal of Upul Tharanga by Jasprit Bumrah were the defining moments of the match.
"I firmly believe that there were two massive moments in the game. It had to be said that the toss was massive in the game and the no ball to Upul Tharanga," they said referring to jasprit Bumrah's dismissal of Upul Tharanga on a No-ball in the sixth over.
"If you lose another one we are suddenly 15 for three and that is hugely different situation. We have looked at two situations where for me they sort of defined the day."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - METROVACESA IPO BOOKRUNNER:
* ‍ SAYS BOOKS ARE COVERED, PRICE GUIDANCE TO FOLLOW​ Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Officials of Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) unveil the newly-made nose of amphibious aircraft AG600, during a ceremony at a factory in Chengdu, Sichuan province March 17, 2015. REUTERS/China Daily
BEIJING China's domestically developed AG600, the world's largest amphibious aircraft, took its maiden flight ahead of schedule on Saturday from the southern city of Zhuhai, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
The AG600 was designed to extinguish forest fires and carry out rescue missions at sea, Xinhua said on Saturday, adding that it could also "be used to monitor and protect the ocean."
The seaplane's maiden flight comes amid China's increasing assertiveness to its territorial claims in the disputed South China Sea where it is building airfields and deploying military equipment, rattling nerves in the Asia-Pacific region and the United States.
China is in the midst of a massive military modernisation programme, ranging from testing anti-satellite missiles to building stealth fighters and the country's first indigenous aircraft carrier, to add to an existing one bought from Ukraine.
Xinhua initially reported in March that the AG600 would take its maiden flight in late May.
(Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Ros Russell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Increase in the need for accurate disease diagnosis, growth in demand for personalized medicine, technological advancements in the field of metabolomics, and huge investments from the public and private sectors for R&D activities are anticipated to fuel the metabolomics market growth over the forecast period. Moreover, wide range of applications of metabolomics, increase in the prevalence of target diseases such as cancers, and increase in the scope of clinical trials and toxicological studies are boosting the metabolomics market. However, stringent regulatory guidelines, unavailability of advanced instruments, lack of technology adoption, dearth professional researchers, high cost for R&D activities, and issues with data examination and processing might hamper the growth of metabolomics services over the forecast period.
A sample of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-metabolomics-services-market/#ulp-4H8Z4LpNMLEuOnnx
Metabolomics services market is segmented on the basis of product type, application, therapeutic area, and end-user
Based on the service type, metabolomics services market is segmented into the following:
Separation & Detection Services
Lipidomics
Proteomics
Targeted Metabolite Assays
Others
Bioinformatics Services
Based on the sample type, metabolomics services market is segmented into the following:
Urine
Tumour
Cell culture Media
Whole Blood
Food Ingredients
Plant
Others
Based on the sample source, metabolomics services market is segmented into the following:
Human
Animal
Others
Based on the end-user, metabolomics services market is segmented into the following:
Medical Industry
Agriculture Industry
Food Processing Industry
Others
Based on the region, metabolomics services market is segmented into the following:
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
Rest of the World
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-metabolomics-services-market/#ulp-c654SbFYO64MsOhu
Metabolomics services market is growing at a significant CAGR owing to increase in the demand for personalized medicine and government initiations for the prevention of genetic disorders in new-born babies. Moreover, most of the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies are focusing on the R&D activities of metabolomics which are helping in the drug discovery, biomarker discovery, and other applications. Acquisitions & mergers, collaborations, and technological advancements are the strategies followed by the competitors for garnering the metabolomics market revenue. For instance, in August 2014, Cenix Bioscience GmbH inked an agreement with Metanomics Health GmbH for the development of metabolomic biomarkers. Moreover, in July 2017, Thermo Fisher Scientific collaborated with SRI international for the development of small molecule research.
Need more information about this report @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-metabolomics-services-market/#ulp-14mlyhjMGhVjZqa3
Geographically, metabolomics services market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America estimated to hold large revenue share in global services market owing to a huge number of biopharmaceutical companies focusing on the R&D activities of metabolomics, rise in funding from the government organizations, and availability of professional researchers and well-established infrastructure in the region. Europe exhibiting significant growth due to high adoption of novel technologies, researchers and governments focusing on the prevention of genetic disorders, and increase in the target disease conditions are the factors drive the Europe metabolomics market over the forecast period. Moreover, due to increase in the population and birth rate, rise in the prevalence of diabetes and other targeted diseases, increase in R&D activities majorly in China, Japan, and India, and rise in demand for personalized medicine in Asia-Pacific region expected to create significant market opportunities over the forecast period.
Get access to full summary @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-metabolomics-services-market/
Some of the players in metabolomics services market are Metanomics Health GmbH (Germany), Metabolon, Inc. (U.S.), SRI International (U.S.), Metabolomic discoveries GmbH (Germany), OWL Metabolomics (Spain), Sanyal biotechnology (U.S.) Cenix BioScience GmbH (Germany), West Coast Metabolomics Center (U.S), The Metabolomics Innovation Centre (TMIC) (Canada), Creative Proteomics (U.S), Lipotype GmbH (Germany), Stemina Biomarker Discovery, Inc. (U.S), Chenomx Inc. (Canada) to name a few
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The young New Zealand woman who died on their honeymoon in Vanuatu had suffered critical injuries after falling from a horse.
Aucklander Joy Ramirez was on their honeymoon with husband Matt Weavers, when the accident happened.
A Promedical Vanuatu spokesperson says Ramirez was horsed riding on an island off the shore of Espiritu Santo when they came off the horse.
"She received a chin injury as well as blunt force trauma to the abdomen region.
Advertisement
"She was moved by boat to the mainland and died yesterday morning."
New Zealand children's author Joy Ramirez has died while honeymooning in Vanuatu. New Zealand children's author Joy Ramirez has died while honeymooning in Vanuatu.
Vanuatu Police Inspector Jack Tallis confirmed that a New Zealand woman has died in Santo.
"The Promedic in Port Vila had flown to Santo to accompany the deceased to Port Vila and the body was placed in the mortuary in the Port Vila Central Hospital."
Family and friends are in shock at the death of the high-flyer who ran their own media company and has written a children's book.
A Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade spokesperson said it is providing consular assistance to the family.
The family is expected to make a statement with the New Zealand consulate or police and have asked that media please respect their privacy.
As well as being a published author, Ramirez, who had a bachelor of communications majoring in television production from Auckland University of Technology, has worked in events, marketing, PR and sponsorship management in Auckland, Wellington and Australia.
They also have a background as a singer and songwriter and was working on developing a sequel to their first children's book, Toot - The World's Tiniest Whale, which was published in 2015.
Newstalk ZB host Tim Roxborogh remembered the first day they met Ramirez in their communications class at the Auckland University of Technology.
Joy Ramirez. Photo / via Instagram Joy Ramirez. Photo / via Instagram
"I was amazed at how beautiful this person called Joy was. If ever somebody embodied the name their parents chose for them it was them They were so positive, so full of possibilities, so full of joy."
Roxborogh said over the 17 years since they were students together they maintained a friendship and caught up a few times a year.
"If they wanted to organise bands and music tours, that's what they did. If they wanted to work in TV, that's what they did. If they wanted to be a published children's author, that's what they did."
Joy Ramirez married their husband Matt in March. Joy Ramirez married their husband Matt in March.
They said over the years they made goals - and achieved them.
Roxborogh even credited Ramirez for helping them rekindle their relationship with the love of their life.
"She was one of three friends who weren't just an ear, but they actually said you should get back with them and told me why."
They said hearing the news Ramirez had died was "heartbreaking" and they wanted to pass on their condolences to the family.
"Love and prayers to Matt, love and prayers to Joy's family and friends."
In an online profile Ramirez said of their book: "Toot only grows when they have the courage to jump out of their little fish bowl and follow their heart.
"For me, jumping out of my fishbowl was leaving my corporate job and learning how to write children's stories. I threw myself in the deep end, and just gave it a go."
In a blog post from January 2017 Ramirez said, "when I set out on making my first children's book I knew it would be hard to get my first book published without having any track record, so I decided to set up a publishing company and to do it myself".
"I have a long-term 10-year plan where I want to create lots of children's entertainment products, starting with books then moving on to children's TV shows / web series."
The Toot the whale Instagram account shows Ramirez travelling with a knitted whale smaller than the size of their thumbnail.
A post from four days ago shows Toot "playing castaway on an island picnic in paradise!"
ABUJA, April 6 Nigeria aims to legalise illicit oil refineries in the turbulent Niger Delta region, the vice-president's office said on Thursday, hoping to bring peace to the production heartland for the crude on which the country relies.
If the refineries are legalised, it could help soothe tensions in the Delta states, where an uneasy peace is now being kept as the government holds talks with local communities, including militants whose attacks cut oil production by as much as a third last year.
Nigeria's government depends on oil sales for around two-thirds of its revenue.
"Under the plan that is being developed, communities would come together working with their respective state governments, the federal government and private sector operators to work out a template for the establishment of modular refineries in the communities," said the statement from the vice-presidency.
The legalised refineries must be structured "in a way that works for business or structure it in a way that is realistic and works, otherwise it would not last ... it is a business proposition first and foremost, it must make sense," said Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, according to the statement.
The bush refineries, which support tens of thousands of people locally, are makeshift, blackened structures of pipes and metal tanks hidden in oil-soaked clearings, processing stolen crude from oil company pipelines.
Their legalisation is one of the main demands of community leaders in talks with the government.
A security crackdown has risked driving hundreds of young men from the refineries into the militant groups that have been attacking legitimate oil facilities in an attempt to force the government to allocate more money to the impoverished region.
"We are saying there is a way out of violent agitation, but it is by creating opportunities and the environment where the people in the communities can benefit," Osinbajo said, according to the statement.
(Reporting by Felix Onuah; Writing by Paul Carsten, editing by David Evans)
Private Label Manufacturer Launching New Line of Eco Friendly Dog Products
Private Label Manufacturer Hygea Natural
Media Contact
Deana Holness
management@hygeanatural.com Deana Holness
End
-- Private label products manufacturer Hygea Natural is proud to announce the launching of their new line of eco friendly dog products. The line features an eco friendly dog shampoo with formulas for male and female dogs, as well as dogs with sensitive skin. Hygea Natural is offering their eco friendly pet products wholesale for anyone who is interested in creating their own line of private label pet products.Hygea Natural's eco friendly dog products were developed after the wholesale company's long history of manufacturing natural products for the home. The private label product manufacturer's founder and president Nicole Levine wanted to offer their clients everything needed to keep their homes clean, happy, and healthy. Thus, Nicole Levine's savvy thinking led them to develop their own line of eco friendly pet products, for wholesale, retail, and private label.The Hygea Natural private label pet products are already quickly becoming one of the manufacturer's hottest sellers. Anyone interested in purchasing eco friendly pet products wholesale is encouraged to request a free consultation about the Hygea Natural eco friendly dog products and other pet supplies. Hygea Natural is currently offering some of the most competitive prices on their eco friendly dog shampoo for their private label clients and online retailers. This line of eco friendly dog products is sure to be a hit!For More Information:
Colleagues from Utility Bidder in Corby have set themselves the challenge of climbing the three highest mountains in the UK in 24 hours for Lakelands Hospice.
Setting off at 6am on Friday, September 8, from the hospice in Butland Road, the team of 12 will be making the trip up to Fort William to take on Ben Nevis, the first of the peaks.
The ascent will start at 4pm and the clock starts ticking as soon as they step foot on the base of the mountain.
Once complete, Scafell Pike and Snowdon will then follow, drawing to an end at 4pm on Saturday, September 9.
The Three Peaks challenge is a test of endurance and includes 24 miles of hill walking as each mountain is between seven and 10 miles of trails.
Utility Bidder moved to Corby in 2015 and many of the employees have since taken on charity activities for Lakelands Hospice and Teenage Cancer Trust.
Primarily dealing with business energy contracts, Utility Bidder work with SMEs on a national basis.
James Longley, managing director of Utility Bidder, said: “We look to support both national and local charities every year by completing challenges as a team.
“Raising awareness and funds helps these charities to continue offering much needed help to the public.
“Lakelands Hospice is an independent charity committed to delivering the best possible practice and development of specialist palliative care for people with cancer, heart failure, COPD and other life-limiting illnesses.
“Their work is key to the Corby community and surrounding areas and we hope we can help them continue with their hard work through the money raised.”
Fundraising manager at Lakelands Paul Marlow said: “James and the team at Utility Bidder have been fantastic supporters of Lakelands for a number of years, it's a real pleasure to work with such an enthusiastic and committed group.”
WASHINGTON, March 30 U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday they hope to start the 90-day countdown clock to launch a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement before Congress takes its spring recess at the end of next week.
Ross told CNBC in a live interview that they need leaders of the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee to sign off on the notification letter before a 90-day consultation period can start.
The administration has sent them a draft letter that lays out some of its negotiating priorities.
"There's no change in our thinking," Ross told CNBC. "This letter simply describes in very broad outline the topics that we will be discussing. So I don't think there's any great reason for you to overthink it." (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Bill Rigby)
LONDON, April 5 Bankers are working on debt packages of around US$1.5bn to back a potential sale of one of the largest US herbal supplement makers, Nature's Bounty Co, banking sources said on Wednesday.
Private equity firm Carlyle Group bought Nature's Bounty, formerly known as NBTY Inc, in 2010 for US$3.8bn. It hired Goldman Sachs earlier this year to explore a sale that could fetch as much as $6bn.
Nature's Bounty has a significant retail business in Europe under the banner Holland & Barrett. Although some buyers may want to buy the businesses separately, Carlyle's preference is to sell it as a whole, the sources said.
The sale is expected to attract significant interest from buyout funds and strategic buyers and first rounds bids for the whole business are due next week in an auction process, the sources said.
Carlyle declined to comment.
Some US$1.5bn of debt financing equates to around 6.5 times Nature's Bounty approximate US$200m Ebitda, the sources said.
Bankers are working on cross-border financings, likely to be in the form of leveraged loans, denominated solely in dollars or dollars and sterling. An all-dollar financing would see swaps put in place for a portion of sterling, the sources said.
“Nature's Bounty is a pretty good business and Holland & Barrett is strong, so you could put 6.0-6.5 times leverage on it,” a senior leveraged finance banker said.
In February Nature's Bounty repriced its US$1.33bn and £348m term loans at more attractive levels, taking advantage of the hot leveraged loan market to secure better terms.
The dollar-denominated loan now pays 350bp over Libor with a 1% floor, from 400bp over Libor with a 1% floor. It had sought to price as low as 300bp with a 1% floor but investors would not go that low, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
The sterling-denominated tranche performed better with pricing being firmed at 425bp over Libor with a 1% floor, the tight end of 425bp-450bp, with a 1% floor guidance. It previously paid 525bp over Libor, with a 1% floor.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch led that deal, alongside Barclays, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, Jefferies and Mizuho.
New York-based Nature's Bounty, whose brands include Solgar and MET-Rx, has roughly US$3bn in sales. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
(Corrects headline and first two paragraphs to reflect that NTSB is still investigating whether the train started braking before hitting the truck, instead of saying that the train braked before the crash.)
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - A chartered Amtrak train carrying U.S. Republican lawmakers was traveling at 61 miles per hour (98 kilometers per hour) when the engineer applied the brakes in a crash that struck a truck on the tracks in Crozet, Virginia, investigators said on Thursday.
The National Transportation Safety Board said in a briefing that the maximum speed limit at the grade crossing was 60 miles per hour and that the engineer in Wednesday's crash applied the brakes 20 seconds before the train came to rest, according to preliminary information downloaded from one of the train's event data recorders. The NTSB is still investigating whether the train braked prior to impact.
A passenger on the garbage truck, 28-year-old Christopher Foley, was killed and two others on the truck were injured, according to police. The NTSB has not been able to interview the 30-year-old driver of the truck.
No lawmakers were seriously injured but a Minnesota representative, Jason Lewis, was taken to a hospital as a precaution and released.
The train had hundreds of passengers onboard at the time of the accident, NTSB board member Earl Weener said.
The NTSB has not yet downloaded the forward locomotive video camera or event data recorder. The board said that when it reviews the video data it should be able to determine if the signals at the crossing were working or if the truck was moving.
The train was taking lawmakers to the annual retreat in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, just west of the Virginia state line. Amtrak said the collision occurred at 11:18 a.m. in Crozet, a tiny town between the college town of Charlottesville, Virginia, and White Sulphur Springs.
The Virginia Department of Transportation said the intersection where the crash occurred had flashing signals and gates to prevent motorists from getting on the tracks as trains approach. (Reporting by David Shepardson)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - IS BANKASI:
* FY 2017 NET PROFIT OF 5.31 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 4.70 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* FY 2017 NET INTEREST INCOME OF 13.21 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 10.84 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* FY 2017 NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME 3.37 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 2.84 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* NON-PERFORMING LOANS AT END OF 2017 5.38 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 4.93 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
TIMMINS -
Timmins city council will be told next week that construction tenders for upgrading the sewage system in Whitney have come back with costs very much higher than expected.
The expected cost for this second phase of the project was estimated by the city's engineering consultants JL Richards to be roughly $9.8 million.
That estimate was lower than the lowest tender on the job that has come back at $16.5 million, according to the report that will be officially tabled with city council on Tuesday.
There were two tenders sent in to the city for the job. The administration report sent to council is recommending that approval of the low tender for $16.5 million with Northec Construction. Northec is a Timmins based general contractor that specializes in infrastructure, energy and mining projects.
The only other contractor to bid on the job was Pro-Pipe Construction, also of Timmins, that had the higher bid at $16.9 million.
Phase 2 of the Whitney sewage project is the follow-up to the first part of the project that saw the construction of the two new holding tanks on the parcel of land just east of the Whitney Arena and a new lift pump station.
This is Pump Station No. 4 and the tanks are designed to hold excess sewage that might occur in the event of extreme rain or flooding situations. The capacity of each tank is four million litres of sewage.
The second phase of the project is to upgrade the other pump stations located around Porcupine Lake. Those are lift stations 1, 2, 3, 5 and 6. Their job is to take sewage and direct it to the Whitney waste water treatment plant. If there is excess sewage from a heavy rainfall or an extreme weather event, the sewage will be directed to the No.4 Station holding tanks.
The report to be presented to council on Tuesday contains an explanation page for the cost discrepancy between the tender cost and the consultant's “opinion of probable cost” — a difference of 67% more than expected, said the report.
This included a list of civil engineering terms, along with the remarks that the work itself is more complex and bears more risk to the contractor.
If city council accepts the tender agreement from Northec, there is a 30-month timeline for the work. For example, said the report, if the agreement is signed on Feb. 15, 2018 it means that the job completion date would be Aug. 15, 2020.
The report also noted the validity of the lowest tender expires after March 12, 2018, which is 90 days after the tender closing.
Dustin Johnson of the U.S. walks on the 10th green during Wednesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Dustin Johnson will make their first start since withdrawing from last week's U.S. Masters when they compete in the Wells Fargo Championship at Eagle Point Golf Club in North Carolina from May 4-7, the tournament's director said on Thursday.
"We certainly are excited that Dustin will be joining us in Wilmington in a few weeks," Wells Fargo Championship Executive Director Kym Hougham said in a statement. "More importantly, we are glad that they are OK and will be returning to the PGA Tour."
World number one Johnson, who walked off the first tee and withdrew from the Masters a day after slipping down a staircase and injuring their lower back, had been favourite to win at Augusta National.
The 32-year-old American, who won last year's U.S. Open and took over as the world number one in February, had arrived at the Masters having won each of their previous three events.
Johnson's best finish in the Wells Fargo Championship was a tie for 29th in 2010. In their two other starts, they missed the cut.
There are currently six players among the top-20 in the world now in the Wells Fargo field as Johnson joins Australian Adam Scott, Swede Alex Noren, Spaniard Jon Rahm and the US pair of Patrick Reed and Phil Mickelson.
Players have until April 28 to commit to the field.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Ian Chadband)
President Rodrigo Duterte has appointed former Parañaque City councilor and former actor Jeremy Marquez as Deputy Secretary General of the Housing and Urban Development Coordinating Council (HUDCC).
Marquez, son of actor and former Parañaque City mayor Joey Marquez, was one of the 26 people who recently got government posts.
The younger Marquez, a staunch supporter of Duterte, lost in the Parañaque City vice mayoral race in 2016.
Jeremy served as a three-term barangay captain in Parañaque City and was elected as president of the Liga ng mga Barangay before being elected as councilor.
They attended elementary and high school in Nevada, United States but earned their Bachelor of Arts degree major in Political Science in De La Salle University in Dasmariñas, Cavite.  They are married to actor Gwen Zamora.
Duterte's other appointees include Danilo Enbate Bernal, Jr., member of the Board of Directors of the Development Bank of the Philippines Leasing Corp.; Florante Gutierrez Igtiben, Director 4, National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA); Jonathan Avanceña, Member, Board of Directors, Philippine National Construction Corp; Feliciano Macalino, Member, Board of Directors, Land Bank of the Philippines (LBP) Resources and Development Corp.; Ma. Theresa Laranang, Director 4, Public-Private Partnership Center of the Philippines, NEDA; Paolo Carlo Lim, Member, MTRCB Board; Maria Estrella Dulla, Prosecutor 2, Davao City Prosecutor's Office; Jose Ortega, Prosecutor 3, Dipolog City Prosecutor's Office; Alexander Suarez, Prosecutor 3, National Prosecutor's Office; Mariza Jaugan and Prosecutor 3, Davao City Prosecutor's Office.
Llanesca T. Panti
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Video: Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
A group of landowners has launched a legal challenge to a new £200m cross-border electricity line being given the green light.
They want the High Court in Belfast to quash the decision to approve the north-south interconnector.
In January the Department for Infrastructure announced it was granting planning permission for the Northern Ireland section of the overhead scheme between Tyrone and Meath.
But up to 6,000 people who own land or live along the proposed route of the pylons and lines are now seeking to have the move judicially reviewed.
Lawyers representing the group Safe Electricity A&T (SEAT) claim the approval should be declared unlawful on conservation grounds.
With no administration currently in place at Stormont, they also contend that the department wrongly gave permission for a development of regional significance in the absence of a minister.
Further areas of challenge relate to the uncertainty around arrangements for reviewing and maintaining the interconnector post-Brexit.
Solicitor Paul Farrell, who is representing SEAT, said: “This is a significant and far-reaching challenge to one of the most extensive planning approvals ever granted in Northern Ireland.”
The project to join electricity grids in the two jurisdictions has also been approved in the Republic of Ireland.
It will involve 85 miles of overhead cables and lead to new pylons being built.
Business chiefs have backed the joint scheme between the System Operator for Northern Ireland (SONI) and EirGrid in Ireland to reduce costs and ensure electricity supplies.
But residents in border areas who objected to the interconnector instead wanted undergound cables for health and environment reasons – an option dismissed as unfeasible.
Papers lodged in court on behalf of SEAT claim their land will be adversely affected by the proposed development of high-voltage transmission lines.
The overhead cables are in direct opposition to the wishes of landowners and inhabitants, they contend.
The case is expected to be listed for a preliminary hearing before the summer.
March 30 Axis Bank Ltd:
* Axis Bank and Wells Fargo enter into bilateral arrangement to offer remittance facility to US-based NRI customers
* Co's NRI customers can send remittances to their accounts in India 24x7 through Wells Fargo's "Expresssend Service", after enrolment in service Source text:
Axis Bank, India's third largest private sector bank, has announced a strategic partnership with Wells Fargo & Company to offer seamless remittance facility to their NRI customers from The United States of America (USA). USA is one of the key corridors to receive remittances to India, which contributes to more than 30% of total remittance volume to India.
Beginning April 8, 2017 customers can send money directly to their beneficiary account at Axis Bank a $0 transfer fee.
Further company coverage:
TVNZ secures exclusive broadcast rights to 2021 America's Cup
The next America's Cup will be live and free to air on TV and across TVNZ's online platforms.
MADRID Spanish media company Prisa (PRS.MC) has received three bids from investment firms Carlyle (CG.O), PAI Partners and Rhone Capital for its 75 percent stake in Santillana publishing group, three sources with knowledge of the matter said on Friday.
One of the sources and a fourth source however said the preliminary bids, all in the range of 1.2 billion euros to 1.3 billion euros ($1.3-$1.4 billion), were seen as insufficient for Prisa which hopes to raise at least 1.5 billion euros to repay debt and prop up its troubled finances.
It was not yet clear whether the three funds could raise their offer when they present a binding bid sometimes in May.
A spokesperson for Prisa said the sale process was advancing but declined to give any further detail.
Carlyle and PAI Partners declined to comment while Rhone Capital was not immediately available to comment.
(Reporting by Andres Gonzalez, Sophie Sassard and Pamela Barbaglia, additional reporting by Robert Hetz; Editing by Julien Toyer)
LYONS, Mich. (WSYM) - Multiple fire and police departments were called to the scene of a house fire Saturday near Ionia County's Village of Lyons.
It happened on the 600 block of Hopkins Road around 12:30 p.m.
Family members tell FOX 47 News two pets, a dog and cat were killed in the fire.
Everyone that was inside the home was able to make it out safely.
The home is a total loss.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBLIN Ireland's unemployment rate fell to 6.2 percent in April from 6.4 percent the previous month, the state statistics service said on Wednesday.
Unemployment has consistently fallen since hitting a peak of 15.1 percent in early 2012 when Ireland was midway through a three-year international bailout and jobs growth has accelerated further in recent months.
Ireland's finance department last month estimated that the jobless rate would dip below 6 percent by the end of this year, meaning the economy could reach full employment next year with the unemployment rate forecast to remain at 5.5 percent from 2018 onwards.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
BANGKOK Thailand's top business group expressed concern on Monday about the impact of changes in U.S. trade policy under President Donald Trump on the big Southeast Asian exporter.
Thailand runs a large trade surplus with the United States and Trump last month ordered a study of the causes of U.S. trade deficits.
"This is important and could create uncertainty in trade and investment although the details are still unclear," Jane Namchaisiri, chairperson of a joint panel of the Federation of Thai Industries, the Thai Bankers' Association and the Thai Chamber of Commerce, told a briefing.
Thai exports, including food, electronics, automobiles and parts, could be affected by U.S. anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties, they said.
Other goods may also feel the pinch if Thailand's trade partners, such as China and Japan, face U.S. trade measures, Jane said.
Exports are worth about two thirds of Thailand's economy. The country is a regional production and export base for the world's top carmakers and is the world's number-two maker of hard drives.
Thailand had a trade surplus of about $18 billion with the United States last year, putting it 11th globally - well behind China's $347 billion surplus or nearby Vietnam's $32 billion. But the United States is Thailand's second-largest export market this year after China at a time the junta is struggling to lift growth in Southeast Asia's second's largest economy, which has lagged regional peers.
The junta should invite U.S. representatives to come examine Thai products, rather than waiting for them to ask, Jane said.
Assistant central bank governor Jaturong Jantarangs said on Friday there was time for negotiation before there was any impact on Thai exports to the United States.
A strong baht THB=TH was also a worry, Jane said, with the currency becoming the best performer in Southeast Asia this year with a 3.7 percent rise against the dollar.
(Reporting by Kitiphong Thaichareon; Writing by Orathai Sriring; Editing by Nick Macfie)
April 10 German drugmaker Stada said it has decided to support an offer from Bain Capital and Cinven for 66 euros per share, valuing the company at about 5.32 billion euros.
The private equity consortium is offering 65.28 euros per share and a dividend of 0.72 euro per Stada share, the company said in a statement on Monday.
Stada, which had received offers from two consortia, said it has signed an investor agreement which would include protection provisions for employees.
A tie-up of buyout firms Advent and Permira was bidding against Bain and Cinven. Both had made takeover offers at 58 euros per share, which valued the company at 4.7 billion euros including debt. (Reporting by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
by
The Community Newspaper Project, the parent nonprofit organization of the Chestertown Spy and Talbot Spy, has announced the appointment of Peter Heck and Jane Jewell as co-managing editors of the Chestertown Spy, effective immediately.
“I am so very delighted that Peter and Jane have agreed to lead the Chestertown Spy,” said Dave Wheelan, publisher and executive editor of the Spy newspapers. “Both bring some extraordinary skills to the Spy in both journalism and photojournalism and more importantly, they share with me a special affection for Chestertown and Kent County that will be a remarkable asset to our community.”
While Peter has been best known locally for their many years as a reporter for the Kent County News, they have also written over 100 book reviews for such publications as the Kirkus Review and Newsday, as well as spending two years as editor at Berkley Publications. A native of Chestertown, with degrees from Harvard and Johns Hopkins, Heck also has written ten novels, two of which were genre best sellers.  They are also an accomplished musician, playing guitar and banjo.
Jane, Peter's wife, also comes to the Spy with a distinguished background in writing, editing, and photography. Since moving to Chestertown, Jane worked at Washington College in the computer department, then as the executive director of the Science Fiction Writers of America. They also have contributed photos to the Kent County News. Jane currently serves on the board of the National Music Festival and has been active as a coach with the Character Counts! program in the Kent County Public Schools.
Peter and Jane can be contacted at editor@chestertownspy.com
Britain's Ambassador to the United Nations Matthew Rycroft speaks to an aid before a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley speaks with an aid before a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Special Envoy to Syria Staffan de Mistura shakes hands with Syrian Arab Republic Ambassador to the United Nations Bashar Jaafari at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley delivers remarks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Syrian Arab Republic Ambassador to the United Nations Bashar Jaafari delivers remarks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Special Envoy to Syria Staffan de Mistura delivers remarks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
Russian Deputy Ambassador to the United Nations Vladimir Safronkov delivers remarks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley prepares to speak at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
UNITED NATIONS Russia blocked a Western-led effort at the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday to condemn last week's deadly gas attack in Syria and push Moscow's ally President Bashar al-Assad to cooperate with international inquiries into the incident.
It was the eighth time during Syria's six-year-old civil war that Moscow has used its veto power on the Security Council to shield Assad's government.
In the latest veto, Russia blocked a draft resolution backed by the United States, France and Britain to denounce the attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun and tell Assad's government to provide access for investigators and information such as flight plans.
The toxic gas attack on April 4 prompted the United States to launch missile strikes on a Syrian air base and widened a rift between the United States and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that trust had eroded between the two countries under U.S. President Donald Trump.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson echoed that comment after meetings with Russian leaders in Moscow, saying that relations are at a low point with a low level of trust. Tillerson called for Assad to eventually relinquish power.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, called on Moscow to stop protecting Assad and said the United States wants to work with Russia toward a political solution for Syria.
"Russia once again has chosen to side with Assad, even as the rest of the world, including the Arab world, overwhelmingly comes together to condemn this murderous regime," Haley told the 15-member Security Council.
"If the regime is innocent, as Russia claims, the information requested in this resolution would have vindicated them."
Russia's deputy U.N. envoy, Vladimir Safronkov, said the draft resolution laid blame prior to an independent investigation.
"I'm amazed that this was the conclusion. No one has yet visited the site of the crime. How do you know that?" they said.
They said the U.S. attack on the Syrian air base "was carried out in violation of international norms."
ATTACK INVESTIGATION
Syria's government has denied responsibility for the gas attack in a rebel-held area of northern Syria that killed at least 87 people, many of them children.
A fact-finding mission from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) is investigating the attack.
If it determines that chemical weapons were used, then a joint U.N./OPCW investigation will look at the incident to determine who is to blame. This team has already found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas.
China, which has vetoed six resolutions on Syria since the civil war began, abstained from Wednesday's U.N. vote, along with Ethiopia and Kazakhstan. Ten countries voted in favour of the text, while Bolivia joined Russia in voting no.
U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking at an event in the White House, said they were not surprised by China's abstention.
Britain's U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft told the Security Council that samples taken from the site of the April 4 attack had been analysed by British scientists and tested positive for the nerve gas sarin. They said Assad's government was responsible.
Diplomats said that Russia has put forward a rival draft resolution that expresses concern at last week's gas attack and condemns the U.S. strike on Syria. It was unclear if Moscow planned to put the text to a vote.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
HONG KONG, April 28 China Minsheng Banking Corp said on Friday the head of one of its branches and some staffs have been detained and are being investigated in connection with missing funds worth 1.65 billion yuan ($240 million) involving more than 150 customers.
Last week, the Chinese bank said it had notified police that the head of one of its branches was suspected of illegal conduct after media reports of missing money from wealth management products. It said it had set up a working group to assist police.
In a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange on Friday, China Minsheng said it would adopt "feasible ways" to resolve the issue. It did not elaborate.
It said Zhang Ying, the president of its Hangtianqiao sub-branch, had defrauded customers by using forged wealth management contracts and bank seals. The funds raised did not enter the bank's accounting system, it added.
"This operational risk incident was triggered by one individual's moral hazard, and is suspected of being illegal conduct," China Minsheng Chairman Hong Qi said in the filing.
The bank said it was collaborating with police and cash, property and goods belonging to the suspects had been seized.
($1 = 6.8958 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Stephen Coates)
A computer hack set off all the emergency sirens in Dallas for about 90 minutes overnight in one of the largest known breaches of a siren warning system, officials in the Texas city said on Saturday.
Dallas' 156 sirens, normally used to warn of tornadoes and other dangerous weather, were triggered at 11:42 p.m. CDT on Friday. The wailing did not end until 1:17 a.m. CDT on Saturday when engineers manually shut down the sirens' radio system and repeaters, city Emergency Management Director Rocky Vaz said.
"At this point, we can tell you with a good deal of confidence that this was somebody outside of our system that got in there and activated our sirens," they told reporters.
The breach in the city of 1.6 million people was believed to have originated in the area, city spokesperson Sana Syed said in an emailed statement.
Vaz cited industry experts as saying the hack was among the largest ever to affect emergency sirens, with most breaches triggering one or two. "This is a very, very rare event," they said.
Engineers are working to restart the system and should have it restored by late on Sunday, they said. Until the sirens are running, Dallas will rely on local media, emergency 911 phone calls, and a federal radio alert system, Vaz said.
The hack is being investigated by system engineers and the Federal Communications Commission has been contacted, but police have not been involved, they said.
The sirens went through 15 cycles of a 90-second activation before they were shut down, they said.
The wailing sirens triggered a firestorm of speculation and reaction on Twitter, with Garrett S. Bacak at @theinsidiousone tweeting, "Go home dallas, you're drunk."
Glynn Wilcox wrote on @glynnwilcox, "At this point I'm never trusting a #siren again."
(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Richard Chang)
April 20 Most Southeast Asian stock markets posted small gains on Thursday as investors remained on the sidelines for a lack of economic cues while uncertainties around the French elections over the weekend kept global risk appetite muted. The sense of caution was exacerbated by weakness on Wall Street and overnight decline in commodity prices, especially oil. Several energy stocks in Southeast Asia had declined in the previous session as crude oil fell to a two-week low. Oil prices regained some lost ground on Thursday with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a global supply overhang might slowly retreat. Asian stocks excluding Japan rose 0.2 percent on bargain hunting after falling 0.5 percent in early trades. The index lost nearly 2 percent in the last four sessions. The French presidential elections will be closely watched as the stakes for investors are high, with two anti-EU, anti-euro candidates among the four seen still in contention to make it to a second round two weeks after Sunday's ballot. Singapore shares rose 0.2 percent, helped by industrials and financials, while oil and gas and telecom stocks remained weak. Jardine Matheson Holdings recovered from the previous day's losses to gain 1.3 percent. Oil rig builder Keppel Corp fell 1.5 percent, while Sembcorp Industries declined as much as 1.6 percent to its lowest since early January. Indonesian shares see-sawed after resuming trade following a holiday on Wednesday for gubernatorial elections in Jakarta. Polls showed that incumbent Governor Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, seen by some analysts as foreign investor-friendly, had lost their bid for re-election by a big margin. The Indonesian rupiah weakened 0.26 percent. Investors will also look out for the central bank meeting later in the day, where it is widely expected to keep its benchmark interest rate steady, according to a Reuters poll. Thai shares edged up, led by industrials with Airports of Thailand up nearly 2 percent. However, Vietnam shares were 0.5 percent lower. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS AT 0506 GMT Market Current Previous Close Pct Move Singapore 3133.34 3126.28 0.23 Bangkok 1571.63 1567.19 0.28 Manila 7528.27 7522.98 0.07 Jakarta 5600.832 5606.517 -0.10 Kuala Lumpur 1741.29 1738.95 0.13 Ho Chi Minh 713.34 716.77 -0.48 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3133.34 2880.76 8.77 Bangkok 1571.63 1542.94 1.86 Manila 7528.27 6840.64 10.1 Jakarta 5600.832 5296.711 5.74 Kuala Lumpur 1741.29 1641.73 6.06 Ho Chi Minh 713.34 664.87 7.30 (Reporting by Rushil Dutta; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
NEW YORK (AP) " Until the current season, ABC had never cast a black man or woman as the lead character in "The Bachelor" or "The Bachelorette." There were suggestions that some at the network feared it would hurt the show among the primarily older people who enjoy the fantasy franchise.
Three weeks into Rachel Lindsay's reign as "The Bachelorette," the show's audience is down from last year, the Nielsen company said. That doesn't make it unusual; ratings for reality series are down across the board this year.
ABC had gone through 12 editions of "The Bachelorette" and 21 versions of "The Bachelor" before a black character got the lead role. ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey, the first black to have their job for a major broadcast network, had talked about increasing the show's diversity. Lindsay, a Texas lawyer, earned their spot the way many past bachelorettes had, by being a popular contestant in a previous edition of "The Bachelor."
Through three episodes, the show's average of 7.2 million viewers is down 11 percent from last season's edition, Nielsen said. But it's on par with other editions of "The Bachelorette," which averaged 7.7 million in 2015, 7.6 million in 2014 and 6.9 million in 2013.
Advertisement
Viewership for the most recent edition of ABC's "Dancing With the Stars" was down 8 percent from the previous year, and "The Bachelor" was off 6 percent. CBS' "Survivor" was down 5 percent and NBC's "The Voice" was down 6 percent, Nielsen said.
ABC was dominant in prime time last week with two games of the NBA Finals between Golden State and Cleveland. The network averaged 6.8 million viewers, while NBC was second with 5.5 million. CBS had 4.8 million viewers, Fox had 2.1 million, Univision had 1.7 million, ION Television had 1.3 million, Telemundo had 880,000 and the CW had 820,000.
Fox News Channel was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 2.33 million viewers in prime time. MSNBC had 1.81 million, USA had 1.44 million, HGTV had 1.39 million and TBS had 1.34 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 7.9 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" had 7 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 5.9 million.
For the week of June 5-11, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: NBA Finals: Golden State at Cleveland, Game 3, ABC, 20.1 million; NBA Finals: Golden State at Cleveland, Game 4, ABC, 19.01 million; "America's Got Talent" (Tuesday), NBC, 12.53 million; "World of Dance," NBC, 8.42 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 7.88 million. "Little Big Shots," NBC, 7.04 million; "Celebrity Family Feud" (Sunday), ABC, 7.03 million; Stanley Cup Final: Pittsburgh at Nashville, Game 6, NBC, 6.99 million; "NCIS," CBS, 6.74 million; "Celebrity Family Feud" (Thursday, 9 p.m.), ABC, 6.25 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
Yesterday, Prince William and Kate Middleton welcomed their third child. But despite the fact he's made headlines all around the world ever since they were born, they still don't have a name yet.
And, er, on that note, do we know when we're actually going to get one? A name, that is. Now the excitement of the actual birthing is out the way, we want something else to refresh our Twitter feed for, and thankfully, it shouldn't be too long a wait.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
After Prince George's birth in 2013, the world was left in the dark for two days before finding out their full name. On July 24, Kensington Palace released a statement declaring Their Royal Highness had been given the name 'George Alexander Louis'.
And the same pattern followed with Princess Charlotte. Less than two years later, in May 2015, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge gave us all a two day wait to find out their name, too. Having adopted a penchant for Twitter by then, Kensington Palace tweeted out the announcement that the new Princess was called 'Charlotte Elizabeth Diana'.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their daughter Charlotte Elizabeth Diana. — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) May 4, 2015
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
So following that logic, we should hopefully have a name confirmed for the new royal baby at some point tomorrow. Tomorrow! That's not too far away!
According to The Sun's royal correspondent Emily Andrews, speaking on their podcast On Heir, the reason for the delay is likely because: "[William and Kate] are just a normal family, and they want to tell their family first before they have to tell the rest of the world."
Fair dos.
But that doesn't stop onlookers speculating about what the young Royal will be called. Suggestions have ranged from the hilarious...
odds on this being the new royal baby name? pic.twitter.com/mJAhYWcXnZ — Netflix UK & Ireland (@NetflixUK) April 23, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
#RoyalBaby Rooting for George as the name.
Six previous King Georges and an older brother also called George suggests the new one would be George v7.2
That feels like a level of product maturity that's both sophisticted and stable. Bout time. — James Mayes (@James_Mayes) April 24, 2018
...to the ridiculous...
BREAKING NEWS. New #royalbaby name is ‘Kanye'. — David Walliams (@davidwalliams) April 23, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Baby McBabyface for the royal baby name please. — Debbie White (@medievaldebbie) April 23, 2018
...to the really quite likely...
My money is on the royal baby to be called James. I guessed Charlotte's full name spot on so 💁🏼 — Charlotte Brady (@charlottembrady) April 24, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The royal baby will be called Arthur 👶🏼
I love that name.
Or maybe Albert. But I'm going for Arthur.. — Hayley Hammersley (@hayhammersleyox) April 24, 2018
Let's hope the wait is over by tomorrow, then, shall we?
Follow Cat on Twitter.
LONDON BHP Billiton (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) said on Monday the cost of a proposal from hedge fund manager Elliott Advisors to unlock shareholder value would outweigh any benefits.
The plans would involve scrapping the mining giant's dual corporate structure, demerging its oil business and rejigging its capital return policy. [L3N1HI3HI]
"After reviewing the elements of Elliott's proposal, we have concluded that the costs and associated risks of Elliott's proposal would significantly outweigh any potential benefits," BHP said in a statement.
(Reporting by Rahul B and Barbara Lewis; editing by Jason Neely)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson adjusts their glasses during a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov following their talks in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin used a meeting with visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday to give their views on why U.S.-Russian relations had reached such a low point, a Kremlin spokesperson said.
The spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, told a conference call with reporters on Thursday that the tone of the meeting had been "fairly constructive." They said the Russian hope was that Putin's message would be passed on to U.S. President Donald Trump.
They said general agreement was reached at the meeting of the need to keep open lines of communication between Moscow and Washington. Peskov also said Putin had given Tillerson their views on the situation in Syria, and how it was likely to develop.
(Reporting by Christian Lowe; Editing by Alexander Winning)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The specialty of Brand Talkies services that provided to their customers.
Contact
Ashraf
***@brandtalkies.ae Ashraf
End
-- Digital marketing is important because it aligns with the way consumers make purchasing decisions. Studies indicate that increasing numbers of consumers use social media and research on mobile Internet to carry out preliminary product and price research before making final decisions. digital marketing enables you to build relations with customers and prospects through regular, low-cost personalized communication, reflecting the move away from mass marketing. One of the best digital marketing company in the UAE is Brand Talkies. They provide digital marketing services which is fully beneficial to their clients and they always take care of the proper maintenance of the digital marketing strategies. The benefits of digital marketing are:digital marketing enables you to be open for business around the clock without worrying about store opening hours or overtime payments for staff. Offering your products on the Internet is also convenient for customers. They can browse your online store at any time and place orders when it is convenient for them.By marketing on the Internet, you can overcome barriers of distance. You can sell goods in any part of the country without setting up local outlets, widening your target market. You can also build an export business without opening a network of distributors in different countries. However, if you want to sell internationally, you should use localization services to ensure that your products are suitable for local markets and comply with local business regulations. Localization services include translation and product modification to reflect local market differences.Marketing products on the Internet costs less than marketing them through a physical retail outlet. You do not have the recurring costs of property rental and maintenance. You do not have to purchase stock for display in a store. You can order stock in line with demand, keeping your inventory costs low.Digital marketing enables you to personalize offers to customers by building a profile of their purchasing history and preferences. By tracking the web pages and product information that prospects visit, you can make targeted offers that reflect their interests. The information available from tracking website visits also provides data for planning cross-selling campaigns so that you can increase the value of sales by customer.The Internet provides an important platform for building relationships with customers and increasing customer retention levels. When a customer has purchased a product from your online store, you can begin the relationship by sending a follow-up email to confirm the transaction and thank the customer. Emailing customers regularly with special, personalized offers helps to maintain the relationship. You can also invite customers to submit product reviews on your website, helping to build a sense of community.Digital marketing enables you to take advantage of the growing importance of social media. An article on the Harvard Business School Executive Education website highlighted the link between social networking and online revenue growth. According to the article, a group of consumers that responded most strongly to the influence of social networks generated increased sales of around 5 percent. You can take advantage of this type of influence by incorporating social networking tools in your digital marketing campaigns.The primary reason for beginning an digital marketing campaign is to increase product awareness. As they are browsing the web or performing internet searches, consumers may come across the business name or logo and become interested in what the company has to offer.Television, radio and print ads still have their places in the marketing industry, but with technology on the rise, more and more consumers have access to the web. By beginning an digital marketing campaign, businesses can keep up with this ever-changing technology.Online purchases have been increasing sharply over the last several years. This is due in part to busy lifestyles and the convenience of getting information and ordering products via the Internet. Business owners can capitalize on this convenience by providing consumers what they want—instant access to products and information.Digital marketing is one of the most cost-effective methods of advertisement. The costs associated with starting a website, and then, using marketing articles or Social Media to establish an online presence is minimal when compared to the costs of traditional forms of advertising.The use of articles or Social Media as a marketing strategy will undoubtedly drive traffic to a business's website. The more people who visit the website, the better the likelihood of closing more sales and generating more interest in the product becomes.Maintaining an online presence via digital marketing is a great way to keep up with the times and provide consumers with all of the opportunities they need 24 hours a day. With a bit of time and effort—and very little investment—business owners can realize success beyond their wildest dreams.Brand talkies are always give full attention to their strategies. They always ensure the costomers get the above benefits from their services. . They can do the digital marketing strategies in a very useful way according to the business categories. Brand Talkies have the lot of satisfied customers and they are the best advertisement for them. It is advisable to take the services from Brand Talkies.For more information, visit: http://www.brandtalkies.ae/
April 10 Everyday Network Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to decrease by 0 percent to 30 percent, or to be 15.4 million yuan to 22.0 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (22.0 million yuan)
* Comments that decreased sales of real estate business is main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/IAz9Ov
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: David Davis, Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union arrives at Downing Street in London, Britain October 24, 2016. To match Special Report BRITAIN-EU/BANKS REUTERS/Dylan Martinez/File Photo
LONDON After Britain leaves the European Union, immigration should rise and fall depending on the needs of the economy, Brexit Secretary David Davis said, the BBC reported.
Britain's vote to leave the bloc has opened a huge number of questions including whether exporters will keep tariff-free access to the single European market, what levels of immigration Britain will have and the rights of British citizens in the EU.
Immigration was widely seen as having been a key factor behind the result of last June's referendum.
Davis said the system of immigration would be for the interior minister to decide but that any system would work in the national interest.
"Which means that from time to time we will need more, from time to time we will need less," they were quoted as saying by the BBC.
"That is how it will not doubt work and that will be in everybody's interests - the migrants and the citizens of the UK."
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Stephen Addison)
NAIROBI, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Kenya needs to build two million affordable city homes to meet its housing deficit and stem the growth of its sprawling slums, already home to six out of 10 urban households, the World Bank said on Wednesday.
Investment in housing would also create jobs, improve economic growth and strengthen the east African country's financial sector, it said.
"Many Kenyans are unnecessarily living in slum dwellings, because of limited supply and lack of affordability," the World Bank said in a report.
"The problem will only become more acute over the next decades without a serious focus on housing and the finance of housing for the average Kenyan."
Africa has the fastest growing cities in the world, with 40 percent of its one billion people in towns and cities, but most new homes target the middle and upper classes as it's easier to make a profit from high-end sales.
Although only one in three of Kenya's 44 million people live in cities, its population growth is largely urban. Most Kenyans will live in cities by 2033, the World Bank predicts.
Kenya needs to produce 244,000 homes a year to meet demand but less than a quarter of this number are being built, it said.
With rapid urbanisation, the situation is worsening as Kenya's cities are growing by 500,000 people a year, it said.
Nairobi is one of Africa's most expensive cities for housing, with 2013 prices almost triple those of 2000, it said.
The cheapest home formally built by a developer in 2012 cost more than $15,000, it said, more than 10 times the average annual income of $1,340.
One of the main problems is a shortage of finance.
There are fewer than 25,000 mortgages in Kenya as banks have limited access to long-term funding, it said.
Less than 10 percent of Kenya's housing credit is in the form of bank mortgages, with most people borrowing from savings and loan cooperatives, funded by members' deposits, it said.
More Kenyans could own their own homes if the private sector set up a mortgage refinance company to provide cheap, long-term funding to mortgage lenders from the capital markets and other investors, it said.
This could increase the number of outstanding mortgages in Kenya to 140,000 by 2022, with one-third of borrowers having low or informal incomes, it said.
The World Bank also called on the government to improve access to land, provide basic infrastructure and speed up mortgage registration and title transfers. ($1 = 103.3000 Kenyan shillings) (Reporting by Katy Migiro @katymigiro; Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Hinkley Point C nuclear power station site is seen near Bridgwater in Britain, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo
LONDON Britain's plan to leave the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) when it quits the European Union will severely hinder nuclear trade and research, and threaten power supplies, a UK parliamentary committee said in a report on Tuesday.
The government says Britain must leave Euratom as part of its goal to end the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice when the country leaves the EU.
Experts have said that if Britain leaves Euratom, there is a risk of new-build projects being delayed or put on hold while new stand-alone nuclear cooperation treaties are negotiated with countries in the EU and outside it.
Euratom is the EU's framework for nuclear energy safety and development, establishing a European market for goods and services and compliance with international safeguards to control the use of uranium and plutonium.
Although it is legally separate from the EU, it has the same members and is governed by EU institutions.
In a report, the cross-party Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee said the gap between Britain leaving Euratom and setting up alternative arrangements would hamper nuclear trade, research and nuclear energy supplies.
"The impact of Brexit on Euratom has not been thought through. The government has failed to consider the potentially severe ramifications of its Brexit objectives for the nuclear industry," said Iain Wright, chair of the committee and a lawmaker from the main opposition Labour party.
The committee said the government should delay Britain's exit from Euratom until new arrangements are set up.
Britain needs to invest in new infrastructure to replace aging coal and nuclear plants set to close in the 2020s, but has struggled to get large projects, especially nuclear, built.
EDF's (EDF.PA) 18 billion pounds ($23 billion) Hinkley Point C nuclear project in southwest England got the final go-ahead in 2016 after several years of delay, but only after securing backing from the French government.
A separate report, published by the cross-party House of Lords Science and Technology Committee, called on the government to set its strategy for Britain's nuclear future if more new projects, including small modular nuclear reactors (SMR), are to be built.
"If the government's aim is for the UK to be active across the main areas of nuclear R&D it needs to make significant investments in new technologies or we risk falling behind the rest of the world," committee chairperson John Palmer said.
Early last year Britain committed 250 million pounds to nuclear research, including a competition to identify the best-value SMR design for the country. However it has yet to publish the results, frustrating project developers.
SMRs use existing or new nuclear technology scaled down to a fraction of the size of larger plants.
(Additional reporting by Susanna Twidale; editing by Susan Thomas)
* Dollar index sags, not far from three-year low
* Strong manufacturing survey underpins euro
* U.S. jobs report in focus later on Friday
By Lisa Twaronite
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies on Friday, on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was nearly flat on the day at 88.659 , holding above a three-year low of 88.429 set one week ago but still down 0.4 percent for the week.
The yield on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasuries reached a high of 2.797 percent early on Friday, probing its highest levels since April 2014.
“It's kind of counterintuitive. You'd think that with rates up, the dollar would be up, but investors are focusing their interest elsewhere,” such as further evidence that the European economy is picking up, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
A survey on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, supporting expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy.
The euro edged down 0.1 percent on the day to $1.2500 , but remained within sight of last week's 3-year high of $1.2538. For the week, it was up 0.5 percent.
Against its Japanese counterpart, the dollar was slightly lower on the day at 109.38, holding above a four-month nadir of 108.28 hit a week ago.
Later on Friday, investors will be watching the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for the latest clues on the strength of the U.S. labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
The U.S. Federal Reserve left its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Wednesday, though many market participants expect a rate hike in March. The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after hiking interest rates three times last year.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
PHILADELPHIA The Federal Reserve should plan to raise interest rates twice more this year so to avoid getting behind the curve but also to avoid rushing its tightening plans, Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker repeated on Monday.
"I still think that's the right call," they said of the pace of rate hikes, which is in line with the median Fed forecasts, and which they called "gradual."
"I don't want to get behind the curve, but I don't think we need to rush, either," they added in a speech at the University of Pennsylvania on digital money.
The U.S. central bank raised rates a notch in March, its second such move in three months, in a nod to steady jobs growth and signs that inflation may be on the upswing. Harker is one of 10 voters on monetary policy this year, under a rotation.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
* Ghana to review cocoa contracts signed by previous government
* Traders say no slowdown in exports
* Licensed buyers say Cocobod delayed payments (Adds quotes, comment, context)
By Matthew Mpoke Bigg
ACCRA, March 29 The $1.8 billion syndicated loan Ghana procured to purchase cocoa for the 2016-17 season "is all gone" and the country must seek more funding to make purchases for the rest of the season, the new chairperson of industry regulator Cocobod said.
Ghana is the world's second biggest producer of cocoa behind neighbouring Ivory Coast and the crop, whose season runs from October to September, is one of its top foreign exchange earners along with gold and oil.
As a result, the problem is an additional headache for the new government of President Nana Akufo-Addo, which is also trying to stabilize national finances under an International Monetary Fund programme and restore rapid economic growth.
"The syndicated loan of $1.8 billion that we had hoped to use for this production year unfortunately ... is all gone ... So it falls on us to immediately try and organise some financing," Cocobod's Hackman Owusu-Agyemang said at their swearing-in ceremony.
They gave no details on what they believed had happened to the money or how Cocobod would go about securing additional financing.
However, a senior government official told Reuters the shortfall was linked to wider mismanagement at Cocobod. The official, who declined to be named, said the government was now cleaning up the regulator and seeking to impose strong financial management, efforts they believed would encourage banks to participate in next season's syndicated loan.
Cocobod purchased more than 670,000 tonnes from the start of the season to March 9 and a Dutch trader said the regulator, which sold forward the bulk of its crop when prices were high last year, may already have recouped this season's loan amount.
Owusu-Agyemang said Cocobod must tackle a debt overhang of at least 5 billion cedis ($1.1 billion) and will review all contracts signed by the previous government, adding that some of them looked "out of place".
Depletion of the loan potentially explains licensed cocoa buyers' complaints in February that delays in the release of Cocobod financing were hindering their ability to purchase beans needed to fill their supply contracts.
Those delays particularly impacted local buyers who rely on Cocobod for advance financing. One buyer told Reuters that Cocobod was still only paying sporadically and the problem was the worst in years.
But three traders said on Wednesday they had seen no slowdown in exports of cocoa from Ghana.
Owusu-Agyemang's revelation concerning the loan comes as the Ivory Coast is facing a crisis in its own cocoa sector brought on by a wave of export contract defaults and higher than expected production that have created a glut of beans. (Additional reporting by Nigel Hunt in London; Editing by Joe Bavier and David Evans)
BRUSSELS May 3 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
None
NEW LISTINGS
None
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
MAY 5
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline extended to May 12 from April 26)
MAY 15
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
MAY 16
-- Volkswagen Financial Services to acquire 50.98 percent of German tank and service cards provide Logpay Transport Services from Logpay Financial Services (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
-- Finnish pension fund ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Swedish peer Forsta AP-fonden to jointly acquire several Finnish property portfolio (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
MAY 18
-- French insurer Axa and French state-owned bank Caisse des Depots et Consignations to jointly acquire two commerical lots in a shopping centre (notified April 6/deadline May 18/simplified)
MAY 19
-- Italian cinema operator The Space Cinema, which is controlled by Vue International Holdco Ltd, and Italian peer UCI Italian S.p.A. which is part of Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group, to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- German industrial gas producer Linde and Russian power generation equipment maker PJSC Power Machines to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
-- U.S. packaging company WestRock to acquire U.S. peer Multi Packaging Solutions (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- Asset manager Ares Management L.P. and investment firm The Baupost Group to jointly acquire German shopping mall operator Prejan Enerprises Ltd (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
MAY 22
-- Investment firms Cinven Capital Management and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to acquire joint control of Travel Holdings Parent Corporation (notified April 10/deadline May 22)
May 23
-- Private equity company KKR & Co. and Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec to acquire Onex Corp's USI Insurance Services (notified April 11/deadline May 23/sinplified)
MAY 24
-- Japan-based Zen-Noh to acquire a 33 percent stake in a Brazilian joint venture between French commodities trader Louis Dreyfus Company and Brazilian soy processor-exporter Amaggi (notified April 12/deadline May 24/simplified)
-- American healthcare company Johnson & Johnson to acquire Swiss biotech company Actelion (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
-- Investment company Nordic Capital to acquire credit management services company Intrum Justitia (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
MAY 29
-- French EDF to acquire equipment and fuel manufacturing company Areva (notified April 18/deadline May 29)
MAY 31
-- Manufacturing and technology company General Electric's Oil & Gas to acquire oilfield services company Baker Hughes (notified April 20/deadline May 31)
-- Investment companies TPG and Oaktree to take joint control over Britain's Iona Energy Co, which owns 75 percent of two undeveloped oil fields in the North Sea and that will be active in crude oil production and sale (notified April 20/deadline May 31/simplified)
JUNE 1
-- French aircraft engine and aerospace equipment company Safran and China Eastern Airlines Co. Ltd. to form joint venture to provide aircraft maintenance in China (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
-- Energy company Electricite de France, French state-owned bank Caisse des depots et consignations and Japan's Mitsubishi Corporation to create a joint venture NGM to finance electric mobility projects mainly in France (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
-- Wastewater company SGAB and Spanish infrastructure company Acciona to acquire 10 percent of Sociedad Concesionaria de la Zona Regable del Canal de Navarra (notified April 21/deadline June 1/simplified)
JUNE 2
-- Australian bank Macquarie and British pension fund Universities Superannuation Scheme to acquire Green Investment Bank (notified April 24/deadline June 2/simplified)
JUNE 7
-- German company CWS-Boco, which is part of German firm Haniel, to acquire some of British support services firm Rentokil's workwear and hygiene units (notified April 26/deadline June 7)
JUNE 8
-- German chemicals company Evonik Industries to acquire U.S. company J.M. Huber Corp's silica business (notified April 27/deadline June 8)
JUNE 9
-- U.S. smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm to acquire Dutch companyr NXP Semiconductors NV (notified April 28/deadline June 9)
-- Chinese textiles company Shanghai Shenda to acquire International Automotive Components Group's trim and acoustics unit business (notified April 24/deadline June 9/simplified)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
Unable to get your hands on a retro console from Nintendo but still itching for some nostalgia-inducing gameplay? Atari may have you covered.
The classic gaming company recently announced via e-mail that it'll begin accepting pre-orders for its mysterious Ataribox on December 14 (this Thursday). There will be an opportunity for early birds to snag a console at a discounted rate although that offer is apparently “extremely limited.”
Atari shared renderings of its upcoming system over the summer. The design is heavily influenced by the classic 1977 Atari 2600 console, right down to the wood veneer and slits across the top.
The modern iteration will be far more powerful and flexible than the original, however, thanks to its custom AMD processor with Radeon graphics and Linux OS. That power will come at a price as the system is expected to sell for between $250 and $300 – far more than Nintendo's miniature retro consoles.
Perhaps the Commodore 64 Mini for $69.99 would be a better buy?
The truth is, we still don't know very much about Atari's new system. It sounds a lot like a set-top box with gaming capabilities (think Nvidia's Shield TV) which, on its own, doesn't sound all that exciting. Factor in Atari's rich gaming history, however, and you've suddenly got something that is attention-grabbing. But for $300 – the same price as a Nintendo Switch? We'll see…
April 6 Entellus Medical Inc
* Entellus Medical Inc - On March 31, 2017 Entellus Medical, Inc, Oxford Finance LLC entered into a loan and security agreement - SEC Filing
* May borrow up to $40.0 million in term loans in three tranches and up to $10.0 million under revolving line of credit
* Entellus Medical - Term loans mature and all amounts borrowed under loan agreement, including line of credit, become due and payable on March 1, 2022 Source text: [bit.ly/2o7wI5K] Further company coverage:
March 31 The sight of Venezuela's National Assembly president tearing up a Supreme Court ruling and warning foreign firms against making deals with the leftist government will no doubt resonate in international boardrooms.
The ruling ripped up by Congress head Julio Borges on Thursday was designed to allow President Nicolas Maduro to create oil ventures without congressional approval, easing investment in the cash-strapped country's floundering oil industry.
And it may well facilitate deals with companies including Russia oil major Rosneft, which Reuters reported earlier this month had been offered a stake in an oil joint venture with Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA as part of a broader deal with Caracas' key ally.
But the ensuing muddy legal framework and international outcry is likely to further raise anxiety levels at foreign oil companies already nervous about buying oil field stakes in Venezuela because of the country's shaky finances, as well as stricter regulatory scrutiny at home, according to oil executives, lawyers, and other industry sources.
Under the Venezuelan constitution, Congress must approve contracts of "national public interest" with foreign companies. But the Supreme Court just ruled Congress does not have a say over joint ventures anymore, while lawmakers retort the top court is illegitimate, creating a legal maze.
That bodes poorly for Venezuela's ravaged economy, which depends on oil shipments for over 90 percent of its export revenue as millions skip meals due to food shortages and roaring inflation.
"This complicates any investment decision," said a Caracas-based source at a foreign oil company that partners with PDVSA, asking to remain anonymous because the person was not allowed to speak to media.
Still, Russia is becoming an increasingly crucial financier for isolated Maduro at a time when many other foreign companies were already reluctant to pour money into Venezuela given the poor business climate and debts.
And should Venezuela manage to pull off further sales or loans with Rosneft, that could help Venezuela make some $2.5 billion in bond payments due in April and shoulder other operational costs.
But while Venezuela may receive a short term boost from the decision, in the long-term foreign oil companies will likely be stymied from potential further investments in the country with the world's biggest crude reserves.
PDVSA and the oil ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Rosneft declined to comment, as did U.S. major Chevron Corp, which has four joint venture operations with PDVSA.
Spain's Repsol, which last year extended a $1.2 billion credit line to bolster a joint venture it has with PDVSA, also declined to comment.
Other foreign oil companies operating in Venezuela, including state-run China National Petroleum Corp, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
SPOOKED INVESTORS
But for the low-profile foreign oil companies which remain in Venezuela despite a wave of nationalizations and company exits, the Supreme Court ruling is another worry amid complex currency controls, a brain drain, and out-of-control crime.
Many companies were already concerned about Venezuela's legal framework after the opposition took control of the National Assembly in January 2016 and warned oil majors that investment deals affecting national interest required their approval.
When Rosneft bought a stake in the Petromonagas joint venture early last year, the National Assembly slammed the purchase as "illegal" because it bypassed the legislature. Rosneft responded that the deal was legal.
And, bucking international condemnation of what Maduro opponents have called a slide into dictatorship, Moscow on Friday urged the world to leave Venezuela alone.
"External forces should not add fuel to the fire to the conflict inside Venezuela," the Russian government said.
Some companies may also be betting that they would have enough muscle to negotiate with a hypothetical opposition-led government in the future to "legalize" any purchases made without the congressional green light, sources say.
But the recent Supreme Court move is unlikely to assuage the fears of foreign partners who have strict internal compliance and legal guidelines.
"This doesn't solve the problem," said Francisco Monaldi, fellow in Latin American energy policy at the Baker Institute in Houston.
"It might for the Russians, but I doubt an international company would dare do anything here. This can definitely put a brake on the creation of new joint ventures." (Additional reporting by Corina Pons in Caracas and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow.; Editing by Girish Gupta and Marguerita Choy)
* Sale was largest single-day sovereign transaction in SSA
* Offshore buyers constitute more than 90 pct of accepted bids
* Sale should help central bank ease pressure on cedi (Adds minister's comments, context)
By Kwasi Kpodo
ACCRA, April 3 Ghana has raised $2.2 billion from a sale of long-dated domestic bonds on Friday, boosting its central bank reserves by a third, the Finance Ministry said on Monday.
Offshore buyers constituted 90 percent of accepted bids, according to Barclays Bank Ghana sources.
The sale represents the largest amount issued by a sub-Saharan African country in a day, the ministry said in a statement.
The cedi fell to a record low of 4.7420 to the dollar last month but rallied to 4.2750 by noon (1200 GMT) on Monday, down 1.17 percent this year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The transaction should boost the fiscal position of the government of President Nana Akufo-Addo, who was sworn in on Jan. 7, as it reviews a $918-million aid programme with the International Monetary Fund.
"(It) is an indication of the strong appetite for Ghana Bonds due to the markets renewed confidence in the long term prospects of the Ghanaian economy," Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta said.
It is also a major vote of confidence in the new government's economic policies, fiscal measures and programmes as outlined in the 2017 budget, they added.
The government aims to restore rapid growth in Ghana, a country that had one of the hottest economies in Africa driven by exports of gold, oil and cocoa. Growth slowed in 2014 due to a fiscal crisis and a slump in global commodities prices.
Ghana sold 3.42 billion cedis ($790 million) of a 15-year debt and a fresh 7-year paper worth 1.45 billion cedis ($335 million) at 19.75 percent yield each..
It also reopened existing 10-year and 5-year bonds of which it sold more than $1 billion in a book-building transaction led by Barclays Bank Ghana, the sources said.
"They successfully sold around $2.2 billion on a single day. It shows there's investor goodwill and confidence in the Ghanaian economy," a lead source said.
The government inherited undisclosed debt arrears of $1.6 billion and a 2016 budget deficit of 8.7 percent of gross domestic product on cash basis.
In their first budget last month, Ofori-Atta announced plans to restore the fiscal balance, create jobs and stimulate private sector growth.
"People believe that they can do what they said they would do," financial analyst Joseph Kumi told Reuters.
Settlement for the bonds is due on Monday and analysts say the dollar transfers from offshore buyers should boost central bank reserves, which stood at $6.45 billion at the end of February, enough to cover imports for almost a third of a year. (Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Alison Williams)
(Adds lawmaker comments, background)
By James Oliphant and Amanda Becker
STERLING, Va./ WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va., Feb 2 (Reuters) - T they U.S. Congress made no notable progress this week toward a deal on the status of 700,000 “Dreamer” immigrants, with President Donald Trump saying on Friday that one “could very well not happen” by a deadline next month.
Whether the lack of progress signaled the possibility of another federal government shutdown next week was unclear, but it worried the Dreamers, young people who were brought illegally into the United States as children.
Trump said last year that they would end by March 5 a program that was set up by former President Barack Obama to protect the Dreamers from deportation, and they urged Congress to act before that date. No action has resulted.
“We want to make a deal,” Trump said at an event in Virginia with U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials. And they blamed Democratic lawmakers for the impasse.
“I think they want to use it for political purposes for elections. I really am not happy with the way it's going from the standpoint of the Democrats,” they said.
Democrats have said repeatedly that they want protections written into law for the Dreamers, who were given temporary legal status by Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which lets them study and work in the United States without fear of deportation.
Republicans, who control Congress, are undecided on what to do about DACA and the Dreamers. They ended a three-day retreat at a mountain resort in West Virginia on Friday not much nearer to consensus than they were a week ago.
The partisan standoff caused a partial shutdown of the federal government for three days last month after Congress failed to pass a stopgap spending measure needed to keep the lights on at federal facilities across the country.
The House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures.
Democrats have leverage on the immigration issue because their votes are needed to pass spending measures in the Senate.
The next spending deadline looms on Thursday, with Democrats defiant in their demands and Republicans remaining divided.
FOUR-PART OFFER
Trump has offered the Dreamers a path to citizenship, but only on the condition they also get funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, as well as other immigration-related measures that Democrats oppose.
Last month, they proposed letting 1.8 million Dreamers stay in the country and become citizens in exchange for $25 billion for the wall, curbs on family-sponsored immigration, and an end to a visa lottery program.
Some lawmakers want Trump's four-part immigration framework pared back, while others want it approved or made even more strict on future immigration.
“If we can solve DACA and border security that may be the best I can hope for,” Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told reporters at the retreat.
Senator James Lankford was among Republicans who said this week that Trump could give Congress more time to reach a deal by extending the Dreamers' deadline beyond March 5.
Trump reiterated on Thursday at the retreat that all four components of their framework must be included in a deal, a stance viewed as unworkable by many lawmakers in both parties.
Some Republicans say the March 5 deadline lost its power last month when a federal court blocked the rescinding of DACA. That meant the law would remain in effect until the Supreme Court resolves the case, which is unlikely by March 5.
In a research note, financial firm Height Analytics set the odds of another shutdown next week at 65 percent.
Republicans are trying to call Democrats' bluff on DACA, but the Democrats look even more willing to allow a shutdown than they were last month, the analysts said. “What this has become is a very absurd game of chicken,” they said in the note. (Additional reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, David Gregorio and Daniel Wallis)
May 3 Cellect Biotechnology Ltd
* Cellect gets green light from FDA for ApoGraft IND submission in the U.S.
* Cellect biotechnology - U.S. FDA provided Cellect with pre-investigational new drug meeting minutes supporting an IND submission in U.S. for ApoGraft
* Cellect Biotechnology Ltd- submission review included manufacturing (cmc) aspects, pre-clinical data and scope and design of future clinical program. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(adds details, background)
PARIS, April 28 A remembrance ceremony for the police officer killed last week by an attacker in Paris "exalted" the concept of gay marriage, far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen's father said on Friday, courting controversy for their daughter's campaign.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, the National Front (FN) party founder from whom their daughter has sought to distance themselves because of their controversial views, criticised a speech made at the ceremony by the dead police officer's partner earlier this week.
"The long speech they made in some way institutionalised homosexual marriage, exalted it in a public way, and that shocked me," Le Pen said in an interview on their web site.
Marine Le Pen is the underdog in the coming run-off vote for the presidency against Emmanuel Macron, the centrist candidate.
The legalisation of gay marriage was one of the flagship actions of outgoing President Francois Hollande's five years in office, a move that was popular with many people in France but controversial with a large socially conservative section of society.
The comments by 88 year-old Le Pen senior came as another controversy they are linked to came back to haunt their candidate daughter.
Earlier on Friday the FN announced that Jean-Francois Jalkh, a vice-president of the party who was earmarked to replace Marine Le Pen as party leader for the duration of the presidential campaign, had decided to stand aside over allegations - which they strongly deny - that they were a Holocaust denier.
Jean-Marie Le Pen was expelled from the FN in 2015 for theirs saying that World War Two Nazi gas chambers were a "detail" of history.
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; editing by John Irish)
(Repeats to additional customers with no changes to text)
By Gary McWilliams
HOUSTON, April 20 ConocoPhillips has beaten its 2017 asset sales target less than four months into the year, after shedding $30.8 billion worth of energy assets in six years.
But instead of a chorus of cheers on Wall Street, Chief Executive Ryan Lance is facing investor skepticism that the company can deliver growth from remaining oil and gas fields.
ConocoPhillips' most recent sales of Canadian oil-sands properties and U.S. natural gas wells for a combined $16 billion will part with nearly 30 percent of its proved reserves in order to deliver near-term shareholder payouts and pare debt. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2pKHtZQ
Lance told Reuters the sales to Cenovus Energy and Hilcorp Energy Co will fulfill promises to reduce long-term debt by 42 percent to $15 billion, fund $6 billion in share purchases and help reshape the company for an era of low and volatile energy prices.
Drilling in two shale regions should help restore falling U.S. output by the fourth quarter.
"I don't worry about production and reserves in the company," they told Reuters in an interview, citing oil and gas fields that could be upgraded to proved reserves over time.
ConocoPhillips can achieve flat to 2 percent annual production growth on its properties, after adjustments for sales, and deliver shareholder payouts, they said.
But interviews with portfolio managers, former employees and industry analysts point to the frequent sales as a short-term fix. They worry ConocoPhillips' plan for modest production growth, flat capital spending and steady shareholder payouts pales in comparison to rivals that have retooled themselves to deliver sharply higher growth rates.
The danger of its reliance on fewer assets was driven home in recent weeks as a fire at a supplier hurt its ability to ship crude from oil-sands properties.
Mike Breard, who tracks energy stocks for Hodges Capital Management, said the strategy lacks appeal.
"If I wanted yield, I'd buy something else. If I wanted growth, I buy something else. I just don't see what customers would want to be in that in-between situation," Breard said.
The Houston company projects its daily production of crude and natural gas will fall 26 percent after the latest sales to about 1.16 million barrels of oil equivalent (boe). Barclays expects overall it won't return to production growth on a full-year basis until 2019.
"They've sold a very valuable asset," said Marc Heilweil, senior portfolio manager at Atlanta-based investment firm Gratus Capital, referring to the oil-sands holdings.
The deal will "make it harder for them to fully replace reserves down the line" because shale-oil properties have shorter productive lives, they said.
To ensure growth, oil producers must continually add reserves to offset production and the natural decline that occurs in oil-and-gas properties.
In 2012, ConocoPhillips spun off its refining business, leaving the ranks of the large, integrated companies like Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp, and putting it among a group of mostly-small U.S. independent exploration and production companies.
Lance, who was the company's technology chief, became ConocoPhillips' chairperson and CEO upon the spin off. They pledged to boost output by 3 percent to 5 percent annually by tapping its large pool of deep-water, oil-sands and conventional oil-and-gas properties. That goal ended two years later as prices collapsed, forcing it to borrow heavily to cover its spending on production. ConocoPhillips later cut its dividend.
Its lack of exposure to refining has helped its shares stand out recently. The company's stock is down 4.3 percent year to date, even after an about 9 percent jump following the March 29 disclosure of a $3 billion addition to its share buy backs. In contrast, Chevron is 11.5 percent lower and Exxon is off about 10.8 percent in the same period.
Of analysts with published ratings on the stock, 7 rate it a strong buy, 11 rate it a buy and 6 rate it a hold. That compares to Chevron with 6 strong buy ratings, 12 buy ratings and 3 hold ratings.
VALUE FROM SHALE
Last fall, Lance recast ConocoPhillips as an energy company able to offer steady shareholder returns on flat production spending of about $5 billion a year. It shaved its growth target to as much 2 percent, instead of up to 5 percent, and promised 20 percent to 30 percent of operating cash flow would go to holders via dividends and buy backs.
They insist the remaining assets can generate substantial cash from operations even if oil falls below $40 a barrel. ConocoPhillips is ramping up output from its Eagle Ford and Bakken shale wells, from another oil-sands property and liquefied natural gas (LNG) from operations in Australia.
Meanwhile, rivals have cranked up their production much faster. U.S. shale-focused companies project 15 percent volume growth this year, says consultancy Wood Mackenzie, and the larger oil producers such as Chevron are raising output and delivering fatter dividends.
ConocoPhillips will be producing an average 1.25 million boe a day in 2019, estimates Barclays. In contrast, Chevron projects its daily output this year will rise between 103,000 boe and 233,000 boe over 2016's average 2.59 million boe, excluding divestitures. Chevron pays a 4 percent dividend.
The risk for ConocoPhillips investors is the growth in production doesn't generate higher free cash flow for share buy backs, and the 2 percent dividend yield, about half that of Chevron, becomes the bigger part of returns.
Henry Smith, co-chief investment officer at Haverford Trust, which invests in companies offering revenue growth and dividend gains, sold ConocoPhillips shares ahead of its 2016 dividend cut and has not been tempted back by the new strategy.
ConocoPhillips' pledge to deliver steady returns and growth is appealing, said Smith. But, they added: "Exxon over the years has fit that bill." Haverford's oil-industry holdings are Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron and Schlumberger NV, they said.
Tom Bergeron, an equity analyst at Frost Bank, also prefers other oil producers such as Chevron and Occidental Petroleum Corp for what they said is their expected growth and their higher dividend yields.
Lance, who worked summers as an oilfield roughneck while studying petroleum engineering in Montana, said they understand investors want proof the company can deliver regular payouts without the asset sales.
"It'll probably take performance through a cycle to demonstrate we have the position and the passion to deliver," they said, referring to the industry's boom and bust periods.
(Editing by Simon Webb and Edward Tobin)
A family of four needs £40,000 a year to make ends meet
A couple with two children need a household income of at least £40k a year to have a decent standard of living.
New research claims a family of four needs an income of £40k to live comfortably, while singletons can enjoy life earning £18,400.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation (JSF) says working parents needed to have an income of £20,000 each, while single working parents with a pre-school child need to earning £28,450.
The charity asked the public what they thought people needed to achieve a decent living standard, which was outlined as Christmas presents and a one week holiday in the UK along with the usual basics of food and clothing.
Despite a 41 per cent increase in the minimum wage since 2008, people are still struggling to make ends meet due to huge rises in the cost of transport, food shopping and childcare.
It means that on average, single working parents are now £3,640 short of achieving the national income average, compared to the £528 difference in 2008.
The average price of a full-time nursery place for a two-year-old is now £229 a week, having risen by well over 50 per cent since 2008.
The charity also says that the minimum food budget for a single person rose from £29 to £44 a week in the last decade.
Campbell Robb, chief executive of the independent Joseph Rowntree Foundation, said: "The Government must put things right by allowing families to keep more of their earnings.
"This would ease the constraints the crippling cost of living places on their ability to build a better life and ensure everyone can reach a decent standard of living.”
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
Is there a chance that power suit you put on daily is the reason behind your drive and success? Is there also a chance those jeans and polo shirts that make up your work wardrobe are dragging you down? Finally, could the clothing choices have nothing to do with one's productivity at work?
Vishal Agarwal, who used to be the managing director at GE, just wrote a new book suggesting that the productivity of workers who tend to go more casual may be “taking a vacation.” In the book titled “Give to Get: A Senior Leaders Guide to Navigating Corporate Life,” they argue that even “techies” need to start dressing for success.
In an interview Mike Doria did with Agarwal, they do clarify saying that if you are in a job that requires a suit, like a lawyer or CEO, then suits and standards need to be in place daily to “be on their best foot, to be commercially intensive, to get going. And I feel that in those environments like investment banking, corporate, consulting, legal -- that (dressing casually) does impede productivity.
Agarwal said workers need to fit the brand so if the brand does allow for a more casual dress code, that is fine as long as it fits the company's casual standard. But they added that sloppy clothes and not being clean-shaven is not “business casual.” The four dress categories for work do have some crossover but Agarwal said your company's handbook should clear up any confusion. In all their leadership roles, Agarwal said he's never seen any data, other than anecdotal, suggesting incremental output from employees who are dressed casually.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Jason Hopwood is seen after their arrest for stealing 18 stuffed animals during a burglary in Wimbledon, in an undated Metropolitan Police booking photograph handed out in London, Britain, April 5, 2017. Metropolitan Police handout via REUTERS
A series of stuffed animals stolen by Jason Hopwood during a burglary in Wimbledon are seen after they were recovered, in an undated Metropolitan Police photograph handed out in London, Britain, April 5, 2017. Metropolitan Police handout via REUTERS
A series of stuffed animals stolen by Jason Hopwood during a burglary in Wimbledon are seen after they were recovered, in an undated Metropolitan Police photograph handed out in London, Britain, April 5, 2017. Metropolitan Police handout via REUTERS
LONDON A British burglar who stole 18 stuffed animals including lions, a giraffe and a snarling chimpanzee in a top hat and tie has received a suspended jail sentence, police said on Wednesday.
The loot, which also included a stuffed rhinoceros, a crocodile, a sloth, a zebra, a penguin and a pink flamingo, belonged to a licensed taxidermy company and was worth about 100,000 pounds ($124,850) in total, police said.
Jason Hopwood, 47, had pleaded guilty to burglary and fraudulent use of a registration plate. They were sentenced to 21 months in jail, suspended for two years, and ordered to do 200 hours of community service work.
The animals were stolen in March last year from a warehouse in Wimbledon, southwest London.
After receiving an anonymous tip-off, police found an abandoned van in Essex, east of London, with all 18 animals inside and sticky patches where fake number plates had been attached.
Hopwood was subsequently identified as the van's owner.
"Cataloguing and exhibiting the stolen items was a truly unique and memorable experience, and this is certainly an investigation which will stay with me for years to come," said Detective Constable Stuart Goss of London's Metropolitan Police.
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon; editing by Stephen Addison)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28Mynet Inc
* Says its group company MNG will operate a mobile game named yumecast owned by SEGA Games Co., Ltd.
* Says MNG will get earnings of the game and SEGA Games Co., Ltd. is the game publisher
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/3m0u9G
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The day before LeBron James and the Cavaliers face the Warriors in Game 1 of the NBA Finals — this marks James' eighth consecutive appearance in the Finals — Nike dropped a new ad that throws it back to 2002, when the three-time champ got their iconic “Chosen 1” tattoo across their back.
The ad starts by setting the scene, “Las Vegas 2002,” then shows a young James made with CGI telling an astonished tattoo artist that he's sure they want the bold ink. It ends with, “Always believe.”
It's one thing to put words on your back. It's another thing to live up to them. #alwaysbelieve #nike @KingJames pic.twitter.com/q04oVa6gNc — Nike (@Nike) May 30, 2018
The reaction to the CGI has been mixed.
OMG…with the young bron CGI 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 https://t.co/3zDrdGn8PX — Craig David (@P__Easy) May 30, 2018
This was very cool until the creepy LeBron CGI. Should've just hinted at with the sweatshirt and then next shot is the tattoo. https://t.co/lxBepMG477 — Nicholas Russo (@N_Russ0) May 30, 2018
But overall it's a cool spot. It gives us all a chance to reflect on how James went from being dubbed “The Chosen One” by Sports Illustrated‘s cover when they were only in high school to a three-time NBA champ (plus three-time Finals MVP, four-time league MVP, 14-time All-Star, etc.) chasing their fourth ring.
16 Years Ago Today: SI calls LeBron “The Chosen One.” They get that tattoo on their back. pic.twitter.com/ivRu1ZWuC8 — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) February 18, 2018
This year's Cavaliers-Warriors Finals battle starts on Thursday. It'll air on ABC at 9 p.m. ET.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Hile Bio-Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO HALT FROM FEB 5 PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT RELATED TO ASSET ACQUISITION Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FAQNY0 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Flu is still rampant in northwestern Ohio and around the country. Blanchard Valley Health System reported that as of Friday, it has seen 673 confirmed influenza cases with 54 individuals being hospitalized. The influenza cases reflect both Blanchard Valley and Bluffton hospitals, plus urgent care an…
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
New data released by the Australian Financial Security Authority yesterday revealed a shocking rise in individuals racking up insolvencies.
New data released by the Australian Financial Security Authority yesterday revealed a shocking rise in individuals racking up insolvencies. ma-no
FIFTY-THREE insolvencies were filed in Bundaberg between January and March.
New data released by the Australian Financial Security Authority yesterday revealed a shocking rise in individuals racking up insolvencies.
Last quarter, 20 more people filed insolvencies compared to the December quarter.
This is a 61 per cent increase.
The NewsMail's data analysis focused on all individuals who entered any type of personal insolvency, including bankruptcies.
Broken down by the number of debtors with business and non-business-related personal insolvencies, AFSA's numbers revealed 41 of the insolvencies were non-business related (77 per cent).
This was up 15 people - or 58 per cent - compared to the December quarter.
The number of people who entered a new debt or personal insolvency agreement related to business was 12 (five, or 71 per cent, more than in the previous quarter).
Faring worse was Gladstone, where 59 insolvencies were filed from January to March.
This was only up three (or 5 per cent) compared to the December quarter, however.
Falling considerably below this was Hervey Bay.
There were a total of 37 debtors in the region last quarter, five of whom entered a new debt or personal insolvency agreement related to business.
The remaining 32 were not business related.
Insolvency practice leader for Shine Lawyers, Luke Whiffen, said people should seek advice when debts were unmanageable so all options available could be explored and considered before the situation became irretrievable.
"Advice may be sought from a lawyer experienced in handling such matters, an accountant, a financial counselling service or a registered liquidator or trustee," they said.
"It is important for someone who feels they have unmanageable debts to be proactive and get advice early. "We often find that bankruptcy or liquidation could have been avoided if advice was sought earlier."
Mr Whiffen said that because Bundaberg was a regional community, they expected to see "cascading corporate insolvencies or bankruptcies in the region due to the significant economic interdependence of individuals and companies and the lack of diversification in the local economy".
The Bankruptcy Act 1966 includes three broad types of personal insolvency: Bankruptcy and Debt and Personal Insolvency agreements.
A personal insolvency is a former arrangement to help people manage their debts.
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
COLOMBO, April 5 The Sri Lankan rupee was steady in dull trade on Wednesday as export conversions offset importer dollar demand, while the central bank cut the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.60, dealers said.
The market has been awaiting an easing of downward pressure on the currency after the central bank raised interest rates last month, they said.
The central bank raised interest rates by 25 basis points on March 24, for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
The rate hike was expected to help stabilise the rupee as rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors have exerted pressure on the currency, analysts said.
"But the pressure is still there if not for some exporter dollar conversions and inward remittances because of the new year festival next week," a dealer said, asking not to be named.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading steady at 152.40/50 per dollar at 0807 GMT.
The rupee has been under pressure as foreign investors have been exiting government securities and on seasonal dollar demand ahead of the April 13-14 holiday.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22. They have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.71 percent at 6,190.23 as of 0815 GMT. Turnover stood at 546 million rupees ($3.60 million).
($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sunil Nair)
April 28 Bristol-myers Squibb Co
* China FDA approves country's first all-oral regimen for chronic Hepatitis C, daklinza (daclatasvir) in combination with sunvepra (asunaprevir)
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - daklinza also approved in China for use in combination with other agents, including sofosbuvir, for HCV genotypes 1-6
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - sofosbuvir is under review by China food and drug administration and is not currently licensed in China Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Hangzhou Century Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 2.5 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 8 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/3xZq6M
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
March 29 New Age Beverages Corp
* New Age Beverages Corp - on March 23, entered asset purchase agreement whereby co agreed to acquire substantially all of operating assets of Marley Beverage Co
* New Age Beverages Corp - will receive assets in exchange for a purchase price of 2.85 million shares of company's common stock, among other things
* New Age Beverages Corp - to receive assets also for cash equal to 150,000 times average of closing price of co's stock on 10 trading days before closing date
* New Age Beverages Corp - to receive assets also for earn out payment of $1.3 million in cash under certain conditions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIOC 2017 is the platinum conference of the society which will be attended by many top ophthalmologists.
Dr Somdutt Prasad
End
-- Renowned retinal surgeon and eye doctor of Kolkata Dr Somdutt Prasad is one of the distinguished attendees at the 75annual conference of the India Ophthalmological Society (AIOS) to be held from February 16-19 at the Jaipur Exhibition and Convention Centre. During the conference, Dr Prasad will present courses on the following subjects along with others:· Retinal detachment· Diabetic retinopathy· Reinectomy· Silicon oil injection/Removal· Macular hole/VMT/Pucker· Giant retinal tears/PVRDr Prasad will also present a video-based MIVS course on "Out Vitting the Humor" and will also speak on "What is new in the treatment of diabetic eye disease?". They will also be the judge on:· Physical poster: Vitreo retinal diseases· Physical poster: Diabetic retinopathy and medical retinaAn ophthalmologist of international repute Dr Somdutt Prasad is a highly experienced ophthalmologist experienced in retinal problems. Before relocating back to India, Dr Prasad practised and honed their skills in the UK for over a decade and has successfully treated thousands of patients suffering from cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, macular degeneration and others.He is also experienced with the use of advanced technology IOL implants and has held key positions in top ophthalmic bodies and institutions including the Royal College of Ophthalmologists, United Kingdom and Ireland Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgeons and British and EIRE Association of Vitreo-Retinal Surgeons. Visit http://www.somduttprasad.com for more.Dr Virendra AgrawalaChief Organizing SecretaryEmail: aioc2017jaipur@ gmail.com Phone: 0141-4239777--End—
I had a blast filming the Summer Solstice Parade this year. I saw a lot of friends and made many new ones.
Here is my fun wrap-up video of the parade. It was filmed with my Canon Rebel T3i using an 18-135mm lens. I wanted to be able to zoom in and capture the expressions of people's faces, so that lens was perfect.
I shot mostly in 24 frames per second to give it a cinematic look but experimented using 60 frames per second as well, which allowed me to slow down the action. I wanted to capture the beauty of the movement of all the amazing dancers.
This video was created just for fun, and it's my gift to the City of Santa Barbara and to everyone who was a part of the event who made it one of the best celebrations yet!
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
COLOMBO, March 28 The Sri Lankan rupee ended weaker on Tuesday due to dollar demand from a state bank to cover import bills.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards ending at 152.70/80 per dollar, compared with Monday's close of 152.65/75.
"There was some selling (of dollars) by a foreign bank, but a state bank bought. They have some large import bills to cover and therefore they bought dollars from the market," said a currency dealer, asking not to be named.
The rupee is under pressure due to the higher seasonal import demand some oil bills, dealers said.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70 after the bank raised it by 25 cents on March 20.
On Friday, the central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that is hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22. They have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year. ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Sunderland manager David Moyes said their team needed to go on a winning run to escape relegation but they could be without top scorer Jermain Defoe for Tuesday's Premier League trip to revitalised champions Leicester City.
Sunderland are bottom of the table and seven points from safety, having won just one of their last 12 league games. Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Watford leaves them desperate for a win at Leicester, who are on a four-game winning run in the league.
Leicester, who were flirting with relegation themselves before Claudio Ranieri was sacked in February, are undefeated under new manager Craig Shakespeare and have climbed to 13th in the table, six points above the drop zone.
"In the position we're in, it's going to take a really good go. We need to start winning games back to back," Moyes told a news conference on Monday.
"Leicester is in good form but they have some big games coming up. Hopefully we can catch them on an off night. While there's still a mathematical chance, we need to keep going. This was always going to be a pivotal week."
The task ahead of Moyes has been complicated by the possibility of Defoe missing the match. The England international has scored 14 goals for Sunderland this season.
The club's next highest scorer, Victor Anichebe, has scored three goals. "Jermain Defoe didn't train yesterday. I can't give you any more of an update than that," Moyes said.
They also apologised for comments they made to BBC reporter Vicki Sparks after Sunderland's game against Burnley on March 18. Moyes was caught on camera telling Sparks after an interview, "You still might get a slap even though you're a woman. Careful the next time you come in."
British media reported that the manager's comments were made after Sparks asked them whether having Sunderland owner Ellis Short in the stands during the Burnley game had increased the pressure on him.
"It was in the heat of the moment, I deeply regret the comments I made," Moyes said on Monday.
"It's certainly not the person I am and I accept it was a mistake. I've spoken to the BBC reporter who accepted my apology and hopefully we can now move on.
"If you look at my character and personality it couldn't be further from the truth. It can happen to managers young and old. It can be difficult being put in front of the cameras so soon after the games."
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Guido Rasi, executive director the European Medicines Agency (EMA), poses for a portrait at their office in London, Britain, January 6, 2012. REUTERS/Finbarr O'Reilly/File Photo
FRANKFURT Europe's drugmakers pushed for a decision as early as June on the new location for the headquarters of the bloc's medicines watchdog, which will relocate from London after Britain's decision to leave the EU.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA), employing nearly 900 staff, acts as a one-stop-shop for approving new treatments and monitoring the safety of drugs and veterinary products across the region.
The new location will be decided by the EU's heads of state, whose next meeting as the European Council is scheduled for June 22-23.
"The Council's deliberations on the Agency's future location need to be conducted on the basis of very essential criteria and put for decision as early on as possible, preferably at its meeting in June this year," European pharma lobby group EFPIA said in a statement on Monday signed by 19 top executives at member companies including Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi and Roche.
The industry warned that getting it wrong could impact the region's high level of public health.
"Were a rapid resolution on the future location of the EMA not to materialise, or if the future seat of the European Medicines Agency were to fail in terms of establishing its minimum prerequisites, the quality of its work and the future of the European Medicines Regulatory Network would be placed in jeopardy," the statement said.
EMA's executive director Guido Rasi earlier this month also called for a decision in June and for a carefully planned relocation so as not to disrupt the body's work.
The EMA, the largest EU body in Britain, has been based in London since its birth in 1995 and it moved into new premises in Canary Wharf on a 25-year lease less than three years ago.
No fewer than 21 EU member states have expressed their interest in hosting the EMA, including Italy, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, France, Ireland and Poland.
The new location would have to offer sufficient transport infrastructure and accommodation for EMA staff and its tens of thousands of annual visitors and quality housing, schools and employment opportunities for spouses and family to retain its staff.
(Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will join the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank, on Monday after stepping down from the U.S. central bank.
“I‘m delighted to be joining,” Yellen said, according to a statement announcing their position that was issued on Friday by the think tank.
Yellen spearheaded the Fed's gradual move away from the near-zero interest rates adopted to nurse the economy back to health and spur job growth after the 2007-2009 recession.
U.S. President Donald Trump nominated Fed Governor Jerome Powell to succeed Yellen when their four-year term ends on Saturday. Powell is expected to hew closely to the policies embraced by Yellen.
Yellen had previously said they would step down from the Fed's Board of Governors after finishing their term as chair.
The Fed said on Wednesday that Powell would become the central bank's chairperson on Saturday and would be officially sworn in on Monday.
Yellen will join former Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke at the Brookings Institution.
TOKYO, April 6 Weekly net trading in shares on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange , Japan's main stock exchange, in thousands of yen. A negative figure indicates net selling. Week to: TOTAL Proprietary Brokerage Mar 31 -6,850,509 63,398,392 -70,248,901 Mar 24 -28,205,062 98,718,798 -126,923,860 Mar 17 -8,305,870 407,036,510 -415,342,380 Mar 10 15,514,825 308,894,625 -293,379,800 Mar 3 13,404,724 257,176,176 -243,771,452 Breakdowns of brokerage totals: Week to: Institutions Individuals Foreigners Securities Cos Mar 31 -78,681,085 78,887,674 -73,803,870 3,348,380 Mar 24 -97,944,942 329,813,395 -375,127,010 16,334,697 Mar 17 -142,810,075 108,871,965 -387,964,019 6,559,749 Mar 10 -79,117,375 -108,377,743 -93,732,725 -12,151,957 Mar 3 -73,156,251 -87,282,354 -79,743,382 -3,589,465 Sources: Tokyo Stock Exchange (Compiled by Tokyo Newsroom)
April 10 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Top U.S. officials dialed up their criticism of Moscow and blasted Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad Sunday, heightening tensions in advance of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's visit to Russia this week. on.wsj.com/2nYMBZX
- Twin blasts claimed by Islamic State struck Egyptian churches during Palm Sunday services, killing at least 47 people in an escalating campaign of terrorism against the country's Christian population. on.wsj.com/2oRYzs9
- Mondelez International Inc is preparing to look for a successor to its chief executive, Irene Rosenfeld, as the snack giant faces pressure from restive shareholders and the broad shift to healthier eating habits. on.wsj.com/2nvub6I
- Chinese conglomerate HNA Holding Group Co said Sunday it has made an offer to buy all the shares of Singapore-listed logistics and warehousing firm CWT Ltd , the latest in a series of deals by the Chinese company. on.wsj.com/2oedeLm
(Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
MOGADISHU A roadside bomb killed 10 people in a minibus in southern Somalia on Thursday, a military officer and residents said, blaming Islamist militants who denied planting the device.
The blast in Golweyn village occurred hours after Somalia's president replaced their security chiefs and called on al Qaeda-affiliated al Shabaab militants to surrender within 60 days in return for education and jobs.
"We have confirmed from residents there that at least 10 civilians died and 10 others were wounded," Colonel Hassan Mohamed, a military officer in a nearby village, told Reuters.
"...al Shabaab controls Golweyn village and they planted bombs in all those roads."
Al Shabaab governor for the Lower Shabelle region, Mohamed Abu Usama, said its fighters were not at the village, and put the number of dead at eight.
"We do not control Golweyn village and its surroundings. It is a battlefield between our mujahideen (jihadist fighters) and the so-called government forces," they told Reuters by phone.
Residents said earlier in the day that government and African Union peacekeeping troops (AMISOM) had conducted an operation in the area near where the blast occurred.
Osman Ali, a shopkeeper in Bulamarer district where the minibus began its journey, said it had set off mid-afternoon.
"This evening we are told it got burnt in Golweyn... We called the phones of the passengers but none gets through. My cousin was also on board," they told Reuters by phone.
The group has been driven out of its strongholds in Somalia by AMISOM and Somali army offensives, although it still controls some towns and rural areas and often launches guerrilla-style assaults and bomb attacks in the capital Mogadishu.
(Writing by George Obulutsa; Editing by Louise Ireland)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ProEx Laurie Allien
End
-- ProEx, a physical therapist owned private practice specializing in orthopedics, spine and sports medicine announces that Laurie Allien of Medford, Massachusetts has joined the firm as an Exercise Technician in the Beverly location.In this role, under the supervision of staff members, they motivate, safeguards and assists patients with their therapeutic exercise programs.Allien is a recent graduate of Keene State College with a Bachelor's degree in Exercise Science.  They are First Aid and AED certified.Prior to joining ProEx Allien was a Rehabilitation Intern with Monadnock Community Hospital and a Fitness Trainer with Somerville-Cambridge Elder Services.Allien lives in their hometown of Medford where in their spare time they enjoy basketball and track."We welcome Laurie to the ProEx team," said Laura Berube, Clinic Manager of the ProEx Beverly location. "She is energetic, enthusiastic and dedicated to the well-being of clients – all qualities that define our people focused organization."ProEx Physical Therapy was established in 2001 and has locations in Woburn, Springfield, Boston, Haverhill, Middleton, Amesbury, Salem, Beverly and North Andover, and Arlington MA; ProEx has locations in Stratham, Somersworth and Epping, NH; and Farmington, CT. The company maintains corporate offices in Portsmouth, NH. The staff of sports medicine and orthopedic physical therapists treats patients of all ages from children to high-level athletes to geriatric patients. ProEx Physical Therapy is also the official Athletic Trainers to various sports organizations throughout New England. For additional information, please call 877-776-9843 or visit www.PROexPT.com
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
* Caterpillar, Komatsu, Sany post strong China Q1
* Industry sales to rise 21 pct vs 1 pct rise in 2016-forecast
* Fast growth in H1 on gov support, slower in H2 - execs
By Adam Jourdan
SHANGHAI, April 28 Chinese demand for trucks, cranes and diggers is gaining momentum after bottoming out last year, driven by a Beijing-backed infrastructure push, a housing boom and increased investment linked to China's modern-day "Silk Road".
Chinese and global machinery makers, including Caterpillar Inc, Japan's Komatsu Ltd and Sany Heavy Industry, posted strong profits this week for the first quarter of the year, citing growing strength in the Chinese market after years of decline.
The performance was boosted by China's faster-than-expected economic growth of 6.9 percent in the first quarter, the fastest pace in six quarters. Economists say Chinese policymakers have leaned on property investment and infrastructure spending, including their plan to build a modern "Silk Road" trading route, to help support the economy.
"The strong demand in China resulted in a reduction in Asia-Pacific dealer inventory, as demand outpaced our sales to dealers," Caterpillar Chief Financial Officer Bradley Halverson told analysts this week.
"If policy remains supportive we expect strong market conditions in China to continue at least through mid-year," they added. The U.S.-listed firm posted stronger-than-expected first quarter sales on Tuesday.
Sales of construction equipment, including dump trucks, excavators and mobile cranes, are set to shoot ahead by 21 percent this year after a slight 1 percent increase last year and 42 percent slump in 2015, forecasts by industry consultant Off-Highway Research, show.
Industry revenues peaked in 2011 at $35 billion and then fell as activity slowed down.
Investors have been looking hard for signs of a broader economic revival. A team at BlackRock Inc started picking up increased signs of building activity on the ground in China in the second half of last year by using satellite imagery.
FAST START, SLOW FINISH
Revenues at Zoomlion jumped 74.5 percent in the first quarter, its fastest quarterly growth since the start of 2011. Net profit hit 18.6 million yuan, swinging from a 660 million yuan loss a year earlier.
Sany Heavy Industry Co Ltd said on Thursday net profit for the first quarter rose 727 percent to 745.7 million yuan. Sales increased almost 80 percent.
Executives and analysts, however, cautioned that the upturn would likely lose pace in the second half of the year as measures to rein in a hot property market take greater effect and there is also no clear policy certainty longer term.
"In China there is the Communist Party Congress in the autumn, so after that there is some uncertainty about policy," said Mikio Fujitsuka, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Komatsu Ltd.
Komatsu has forecast a drop in operating profit this year, but said it had seen signs of improvement in China.
"We think the first half of the year should be fine but are more cautious about the second half of the year."
Shi Yang, a consultant at Off-Highway Research, said the year would be divided by a fast start and a slower second half, and that there were even signs of a bubble.
"Since the third quarter of last year til now, the recovery has been pretty strong - but it has its limits," they said.
"The big peaks we saw before are certainly behind us and there are some signs of overheating. In fact, already the market has started to slow."
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Additional reporting by Maki Shiraki in TOKYO, Brenda Goh in SHANGHAI and SHANGHAI newsroom; Editing by Neil Fullick)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
(Adds companies, background)
KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia, April 10 Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia has shortlisted companies for its solar and wind power projects, as part of the first round of its renewable energy initiative, the energy ministry said on Monday.
France's EDF Energies Nouvelles, Japanese companies Marubeni Corporation and Mitsui & Co. and Saudi Acwa Power are among the firms which have qualified to bid for the 300 megawatt solar PV project in Sakaka, the Al Jouf Province in the north of the kingdom.
Abu Dhabi Future Energy Company (Masdar), GE, Marubeni Corporation, Mitsui & Co., JGC Corp, SNC Lavalin Arabia and Iberdrola Renovables Energia are among those qualified to bid for the 400 megawatt wind farm project in Midyan in the northwest.
"The market response to the Kingdom's invitation to its first renewable energy projects has been overwhelmingly positive, demonstrating market confidence in our vast renewable energy potential and investment environment," Saudi Energy Minister Khalid Al Falih said.
Saudi Arabia is targeting 9.5 GW of renewable energy by 2023 in line with Vision 2030, an economic reform plan launched last year to diversify the economy beyond oil. The renewables programme involves investment of between $30 billion and $50 billion by 2023.
Its state oil giant Saudi Aramco has said renewables is in its radar as it will play a major role in the sector. It has created a department for renewables within the company to develop wind and solar projects.
Saudi Aramco is part of the renewable energy steering committee chaired by Falih which will oversee the renewable energy programme.
"The key is to make projects bankable with predictable cash flows and clear reliable regulations, the key is predictability and a clear time frame that developers must adhere to," said Ingrid Naranjo, head of investor relations at asset management firm Centuria Capital UK.
The ministry added it would announce the next phase of its renewable energy projects during the Saudi Arabia Renewable Energy Investment Forum (SAREIF) in Riyadh on April 17-18.
(Reporting by Reem Shamseddine; editing by Susan Thomas and Pritha Sarkar)
They Are Billions took Steam by storm not too long ago and has been growing and evolving in Early Access ever since. Not content simply to master the regular game, however, some expert players have taken to making up their own personal challenges, like trying to survive using the least amount of defenses possible.
Unlike the usual base-building real-time strategy game, They Are Billions is about survival rather than conquest. Every few minutes during a match, waves of zombies will throw themselves at your city and try to infect and destroy everything inside. Winning requires surviving the final wave, in which the difficulty goes up exponentially as thousands more zombies flood the map. Having a large, well-defended base is key for this, but YouTuber ImKibitz has increased the challenge for themselves even further by reducing their fortifications as much as possible prior to the assault.
In the above video, ImKibitz, whose first name is Cody, has their command center walled off on three sides while the fourth is mostly guarded by an impenetrable forest. In addition, they have 17 Thanatoses, 24 Snipers, a handful of Titans, and tons of towers protecting it. Of course, there's also a swamp of electric wire fences encircling all of that just for extra measure. It doesn't actually seem like all that much, but a base like this actually benefits from the added density since the overlapping range of defensive buildings like Shock towers and Executors will help them put out more damage than if they were more spread out.
As Cody notes, though, one of the most dangerous things in They Are Billions is a crashing economy. Without the right mix of resources, you won't be able to grow, and without enough existing stockpiles, you'll actually start to shrink. Each fighting unit in particular requires a certain amount of gold at regular intervals in order to keep them conscripted. Fall behind in your payments and they'll ditch the settlement, leaving you and your Command center between a rock and a giant zombie horde. In preparation for that contingency, Cody also made sure to have plenty of gold stockpiled to help them last the duration of the wave.
The other biggest threat are spitters, fast-moving zombies who vomit acid that deals area-of-effect damage and have lots of range. Fortunately, Cody had a second set of double walls so that ranged enemies wouldn't be able to hurt their more vulnerable, back-row units. As a result, their Thanatos mortar units are free to keep raining down fire from above. As a result, their command center made it through unscathed, even if the tiny base surrounding it was mostly obliterated.
GIF
Advertisement
Challenges like this are half the fun of the game, and partly responsible for its ongoing popularity throughout Twitch and YouTube. Long after you've managed to out-maneuver the zombie swarms on each standard difficulty, you can always try to beat the game with one arm tied behind your back—or just watch someone else do it. ImKibitz has done other challenges, like trying to defeat the last wave using only the game's giant mech fighters, but I find the tiny base ones to be the most satisfying. It's sort of like the tiny house movement: zombie survival edition, in which the usual RTS sprawl is replaced with a refined minimalism. The obvious appeal of tiny house is shedding as much of the material baggage in your life as possible. Minimalism in games is somewhat different, but figuring out how to simplify a strategy game into its most basic parts has a similar appeal.
Half the fun of They Are Billions is watching a small city take shape over the course of a match and then seeing if what you've created has been designed well enough to withstand a brutal onslaught. A super small base makes doing that even easier and more focused. Although you can technically micromanage battles in the game by shifting units around and producing more on the fly, most waves move too fast for that to be very helpful. Like watching a sand castle swallowed by the incoming tide, it's more fun to simply sit back and see how long your handiwork can last.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Property and casualty insurer Travelers Cos Inc (TRV.N) reported an 11 percent fall in quarterly profit hurt by higher catastrophe losses and lower underwriting gains.
The company also authorized a $5 billion share buyback program.
Wind and hail storms in several regions of the United States, as well as a winter storm in the eastern part of the country resulted in higher catastrophe losses during the quarter.
Net income fell to $617 million, or $2.17 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $691 million, or $2.30 per share, a year earlier.
On a core basis, the company earned $2.16 per share.
Total revenue rose 3.8 percent to $6.94 billion.
However, net investment income rose 12 percent to $610 million, reflecting higher interest rates.
December and March saw the latest hikes in interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve. A 0.25 percentage point uptick in each case, the hikes marked only the second and third raise in seven years, after being kept near zero.
Traveler invests a lot of its insurance premiums in investment grade bonds, which helped the company come out of the financial crisis in a good shape.
Gains from underwriting, before tax, halved to $211 million.
Pre-tax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, rose to $347 million from $318 million.
The underlying combined ratio, the percentage of premium revenue Travelers pays out in claims, rose to 91.7 percent from 90 percent.
A ratio below 100 percent means an insurer earns more in premiums than it pays out in claims.
Net written premiums rose 5.3 percent to $6.50 billion.
St. Paul, Minnesota-based Travelers, the only property and casualty insurer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI, is often considered a bellwether for the sector.
American International Group Inc (AIG.N), with whom it competes for the title of the biggest U.S. P&C insurer, reports first-quarter results on May 3.
Through Wednesday's close, Travelers stock had risen 1.7 percent so far this year.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba and Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Philadelphia Eagles free safety Rodney McLeod (23) goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Philadelphia Eagles head coach Doug Pederson watches the team's practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski (87) warms up during a practice Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb....
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski warms up during a practice Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4.
By ROB MAADDI
AP Pro Football Writer
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) - Bill Belichick's impressive resume makes it easy for the five-time championship head coach to mandate that players check their egos before joining the New England Patriots.
Doug Pederson didn't have a hard sell, either.
The Philadelphia Eagles are an unselfish group that prioritizes winning over personal accomplishments. It's a major reason why the Eagles (15-3) are playing the Patriots (15-3) in the Super Bowl on Sunday.
"It's a group that doesn't really care who gets the ball. The bottom line is trying to win the game," Pederson said. "I didn't have to sell it too much."
Pederson was 7-9 last year in their rookie season as head coach but has guided the Eagles from worst to first in search of the franchise's first NFL title since 1960. They found a way to blend a young locker room with a mix of accomplished veterans.
The team added veteran receivers Alshon Jeffrey and Torrey Smith, running backs LeGarrette Blount and Jay Ajayi, defensive linemen Chris Long and Tim Jernigan and defensive backs Ronald Darby, Patrick Robinson and Corey Graham.
"I can remember this team showing up in April and talking about being at this place, talking about our dreams, aspirations and focusing on a grind," safety Malcolm Jenkins said.
"Guys being unselfish, adding guys along the way that added to the team and continued to push, and every time we won and had some success - we even had some adversity - the team believed more and more. It's been awesome to be a part of."
Blount led the NFL with 18 touchdowns rushing and earned their second Super Bowl ring last season in New England. They didn't get a carry in a loss at Kansas City in Week 2 and never complained. Same with Jeffery, who went from No. 1 receiver in Chicago to being one of the guys in Philadelphia.
"We couldn't care less how many catches or how many carries or how many yards any one guy has," Blount said. "We all have one common goal in hand. We all have one thing that we all want more than anything. You can't be selfish when everybody has one common goal because you have to make sacrifices for the best of the team. We've done that and it's gotten us this far."
Pederson set the tone and Carson Wentz carried it out with their team-first attitude and that filtered down the roster.
"He's the humblest guy you come across," Pederson said. "He'll give it right back to the team."
It was a smooth transition to Nick Foles after Wentz got hurt. Foles also is a respected leader who leads by example. It's not a coincidence the Eagles sought this type of player.
"This is the most selfless team I've ever been around," Pro Bowl tight end Zach Ertz said. "Guys don't care about stats. They only care about winning. Doug is the best coach I've been around in managing players. They let us show our personalities and if they need to talk to somebody, they do it quietly and in a mild-mannered way. Their selfless leadership is a big reason we're here."
The team is one of the closest-knit groups in the league and players genuinely care about each other and spent plenty of time together.
"When you see guys hanging out with players from other position groups, it's special," defensive tackle Fletcher Cox said. "I would go eat dinner with Donnie Jones. You don't see a guy hanging out with a punter."
If the Eagles win a few championships, perhaps the standard Pederson has set will eventually become similar to Belichick's Patriot Way. They have to get the first win first.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
April 6 Jb Hi-fi Ltd
* Michael Ford has resigned from their position as CEO of The Good Guys
* Terry Smart will rejoin group as CEO of Good Guys on 18 April 2017
* Terry is a former CEO of JB Hi-Fi having held that position from May 2010 to june 2014 following 10 years as chief operating officer
* For JB Hi-Fi business comparable sales growth for March quarter was 8.2 pct and total sales growth was 10.8 pct
* JB Hi-Fi reaffirms guidance given on 13 February 2017 that in FY17 company expects total group sales to be circa $5.58 billion
* For Good Guys business comparable sales growth for March quarter was 1.2 pct and total sales growth was 2.6 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
São Paulo, April 10 Brazil's Congress is likely to pass a pension reform spearheaded by President Michel Temer in the next six months, the head of national banking association Anbima, Jose Eduardo Laloni, told journalists on a Monday conference call.
Laloni said financial markets are indicating a growing confidence that Temer can pass the reform, which would guarantee a more stable fiscal outlook for the government. That outlook and the drop in inflation and interest rates should lead companies to issue more new shares and bonds this year, they said. (Reporting by Aluisio Alves)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 3 GENOVA PROPERTY GROUP AB:
* ISSUES CORPORATE BONDS FOR SEK 300 MILLION
* CORPORATE BONDS ISSUE DATE IS SCHEDULED FOR APRIL 7, 2017
* BONDS ISSUED FOR OVERALL FRAMEWORK OF SEK 750 MILLION AND WILL RUN FOR FOUR YEARS WITH A FLOATING INTEREST RATE OF STIBOR 3M + 5.75% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
(Updates Einhorn's holdings)
By Svea Herbst-Bayliss
BOSTON, March 31 Investors have given billionaire hedge fund manager David Einhorn's plan to boost General Motors Co's value a frosty reception with most surveyed saying their call for two types of shares would not raise the automaker's worth, according to an Evercore ISI poll.
Einhorn, who runs hedge fund Greenlight Capital, this week proposed that GM creates two classes of stock, one that pays a dividend and one that does not, to boost the No. 1 U.S. carmaker's languishing share price. More investors would buy the shares, helping boost the company's market capitalization, Greenlight contended.
But 53 out of 61 investors surveyed by investment banking advisory firm Evercore ISI said they did not believe Greenlight's proposal would lead to value accretion at GM. In fact, a significant majority of investors polled - 48 people, or 80 percent - said Einhorn's plan could jeopardize the company's credit rating. Of the investors surveyed, 34 percent were GM shareholders.
Greenlight on Friday called the survey "fundamentally flawed" and through a spokesperson said it failed to understand the firm's plan to unlock value at GM.
GM rejected Einhorn's plan, saying it had reviewed it for seven months but considered it too risky.
Evercore ISI surveyed investors after Einhorn, whose Greenlight Capital has owned GM shares on and off for five years and has a 4.9 percent stake in GM, including options, released their presentation in a regulatory filing on Tuesday.
Now Einhorn is taking their plan to GM shareholders more broadly through a proxy contest where they hope to win seats on the board. Investors will vote on board members at the upcoming annual meeting and Einhorn would need to quickly mobilize many large owners to agree with their proposal in order to win enough votes for their slate.
While a number of investors in Einhorn's own fund have applauded them for coming up with this novel approach, no major GM shareholder has yet publicly thrown their weight behind the plan.
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc, which is GM's sixth largest investor with a 3.34 percent stake, has remained silent about Einhorn's proposal. Greenlight Capital is the 17th largest investor.
Nearly all those polled, or 93 percent of investors, said they were satisfied with GM management's plan to return some $7 billion to shareholders this year, through share buy backs worth $5 billion and $2.2 billion in dividend payouts.
GM's stock is currently trading at $35.46 and it pays an annual dividend of $1.52 per share.
(Additional reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Andrew Hay)
April 13 PSG Konsult Ltd:
* Reviewed preliminary financial results for the year ended Feb. 28, 2017
* FY core revenue up 13 pct
* FY recurring headline earnings per share up 16 pct
* Dividend per share up 16 pct
* Final gross dividend of 10.2 cents per share (2016: 8.8 cents per share) from income
* Confident that it will continue to build its client franchise despite uncertain market outlook, volatility in investment markets Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
MOSCOW Russia has issued search warrants for two people for their possible role in Monday's deadly metro blast in St Petersburg, Interfax quoted a security source as saying.
"Two people are being sought on suspicion of planning the blasts, one of whom is thought to have placed the explosive device in the metro wagon and the second person for leaving a bomb at the metro station 'Ploshchad Revolutsii'," the source told Interfax.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Sujata Rao)
BRIEF-Greenland Hong Kong says You Defeng tendered resignation as CFO
* You Defeng has tendered their resignation as an executive director and chief financial officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Atrys Health SA:
* Says its unit eDiagnostic Clinica Virtual de especialidades Medicas is granted financing of 539,720 euros ($581,008) under the State Program I+D+i to implement the medical research project eDsalud
* The financing will be in the form of a loan at 0,06 pct interest, 3 years grace period and 7 years repayment Source text: bit.ly/2nOlnrM
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9289 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pakistan and India have agreed to stop trading artillery fire in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir after months of routine skirmishes that have killed dozens of soldiers and civilians.
Pakistan's military said local generals reached the understanding using a special hotline set up to defuse tensions in Kashmir, which is split between Indian and Pakistani zones of control.
The nuclear-armed powers both claim Kashmir in its entirety, and the territorial dispute has ignited two wars between Pakistan and India since they gained independence in 1947.
Both sides “agreed to undertake sincere measures to improve the existing situation, ensuring peace and avoidance of hardships to the civilians along the borders”, the Pakistani military said in a statement.
It said that if future violence occurs in the disputed region, “restraint will be exercised and the matter will be resolved through utilisation of existing mechanisms of hotline contacts and border flag meetings at local commander's level”.
The Indian army confirmed the agreement, saying both sides had pledged to “undertake sincere measures to improve the existing situation to ensure peace and avoidance of hardships to the civilians along the borders”.
The two sides also agreed to fully implement a 2003 ceasefire that has been repeatedly violated.
Tensions have soared in recent weeks as both sides have launched artillery assaults across the Line of Control dividing the region.
Each side has accused the other of starting the hostilities in violation of the 2003 accord.
On the Indian side, the fighting has driven people from villages along the border, and government buildings have been converted into temporary shelters.
Houses have been damaged and dozens of schools in villages along the frontier have been closed, with authorities advising residents to stay indoors.
The shelling has cast a pall over the holy month of Ramadan in the mostly Muslim region.
The shelling typically flares up in the pre-dawn hours, when families are having a meal known as “suhoor” ahead of the daytime fast.
India says 25 civilians and 18 soldiers have been killed this year in more than 800 ceasefire violations initiated by Pakistan.
Pakistan accuses Indian forces of more than 1,050 ceasefire violations this year, resulting in the deaths of 28 civilians and injuries to 117 others.
On Wednesday, Pakistani officials said villagers who fled to safer locations following recent skirmishes have been urged to return to their homes.
Paul Lynch has won the €15,000 Kerry Group Irish Novel of the Year Award 2017 for their Famine novel, Grace, at the opening night of Listowel Writers' Week in Kerry. Adjudicators Jane Urquhart and Alex Preston chose it from a shortlist that included Sally Rooney's Conversations with Friends; Bernard MacLaverty's Midwinter Break; Lisa Harding's Harvesting; and Frank McGuinness's The Woodcutter and Their Family.
Charles Shafaieh, reviewing for The Irish Times, called it “haunting and poetic”. “Unlike the ‘novelese' favoured by too many contemporary writers, these are sentences worth reading slowly. Though only suggesting the possibility of future greatness with Grace, Lynch has given us poignant glimpses of the human body's limits, that peculiar messiness of identity, and what happens when parts of a society fail to help, or even acknowledge, those in need.”
Grace, which is published in paperback by Oneworld on June 7th, has been shortlisted for the £25,000 Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction (the winner is to be revealed on June 16th) and the $5,000 William Saroyan International Prize for Writing. It will be June's Irish Times Book Club selected title.
The €8,000 Pigott Poetry Prize was awarded to Colette Bryce for their collection Selected Poems 2000-2014. Adjudicators Billy Collins and Deryn Rees Jones selected the work from a shortlist that included Michael Longley's Angel Hill and Sinéad Morrissey's On Balance, winner of the 2017 Forward Prize for Best Collection and 2017 Poetry Book Society Choice Award.
The 48th annual Listowel Writers' Week was officially opened this evening by award-winning US poet Billy Collins. Festival chairperson Liz Dunn said: “This year's festival programme is outstanding and covers such a wide variety of literature and responses to literature, that there really is something for everyone. It certainly justifies our Best Irish Festival 2018 award.”
The John B Keane Lifetime Achievement Award, in association with Mercier Press, was presented to poet Edna O'Brien in recognition of their outstanding contribution to literature internationally.
The festival continues until Sunday, June 3rd, and will feature a host of international and national writers including festival president Colm Tóibín, Margaret Drabble, Anthony Horowitz, Michael Longley, Colette Bryce and Eimear McBride.
writersweek.ie
Listowel Writers's Week: full list of Prizewinners
Winners and Shortlisted
The Kerry Group Irish Novel of the Year Award
Winner: Paul Lynch, Grace
Paul Lynch, Grace Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends
Lisa Harding, Harvesting
Frank McGuinness, The Woodcutter and Their Family
Bernard MacLaverty, Midwinter Break
Pigott Poetry Prize
Winner: Colette Bryce, Selected Poems 2000-2014
Colette Bryce, Selected Poems 2000-2014 Michael Longley, Angel Hill
Sinéad Morrissey, On Balance
Bryan MacMahon Short Story Award
Winner: David O'Donovan, Skinned Knees
David O'Donovan, Skinned Knees Paul Lenehan, Stories for Girls
Patrick Freyne, August from Another Walthamstow
Joseph Sweeney, Halla
Niamh McCabe, This Much is Known
Duais Foras Na Gaeilge
Winner: Simon Ó' Faoláin, El Memorioso
Simon Ó' Faoláin, El Memorioso Simon Ó'Faoláin, Cánóg Dhubh
Máire Ní Bhriain, Copóg
Máire Ní Bhriain, Éabha sa Ghleann
Micheál Ó Ruairc, Bhíomar ag dul ar saoire go hEochaill
Single Poem
Winner: Jeremiah Curtin, Remembering Dominic Nesbitt
Jeremiah Curtin, Remembering Dominic Nesbitt Zillah Bowes, The Valley With Me
Judy Kane, Right of Way
Kathryn Burke, Picking Over the Remains
David Butler, Sound
Poetry Collection
Winner: Eilis Stanley, Medulla
Eilis Stanley, Medulla Eoin Hegarty, Bronze
Zillah Bowes, The Valley the Air
Listowel Writers' Week Originals Competition - Humorous Essay
Winner: Kevin Foley, Essay on the Merits of Winking in January
Kevin Foley, Essay on the Merits of Winking in January Séamas McNally, Maintenance with Mabel
Brian Buckley, It's All in the Mind
Stephen Coronella, My Time Has Come: Bearded Men are Back
Laura Gannon, The Day the Dial-Up Died
Rose Servitova, Up with the Waterford Stanley, Down with the Sod of Turf
Patrick Lynch, Croke Park Man
Con Houlihan Young Journalist Award
Diarmaid Blehein, A Korean Wedding – Where the Guests Come First
Creative Writing for Adults with Special Needs
1st: Ricky Coonan, It Will Be Okay
2nd: Jack Doherty, Trucks
Eamon Keane Full Length Play in association with Siamsa Tíre
Winner: Fergal O'Byrne, Extremophiles
Fergal O'Byrne, Extremophiles Brendan Griffin, A Thousand Moments of Extraordinary Pleasure
John McManus, Lone Wolf
Nicola Keane, Close Enough to Feale
John McManus, An Ill Wind
Neil Flynn, A Bird Came Down the Walk
Patrick Hull, Seeking Apartment with a Kitchen View
Local Heritage Writing
1st Bryan MacMahon - The Great Famine in Tralee and North Kerry
2nd Paddy McGuinness - The Castlebar International Song Contest 1966-1988
Creative Writing
Elleesa Rushby, New Pet
Creative Writing for Youth
Creative Writing for 9 Years & Under: 1st: Maria Lenny, The Play Date; 2nd: Anna O'Sullivan, When My Friend Came to Tea; 3rd: Aisling Carroll, Ophelia
Creative Writing for 12 Years & Under: 1st: Charlotte Williams, Colours; 2nd: Cornelia Mangan, The King and Queen of China; 3rd: Victoria Lunin, Wild Life
Creative Writing for 15 Years & Under: 1st: Charlie Fitzgerald, Apocalypse; 2nd: Evelyn Flynn, Stress; 3rd: Ellie Ní Chearmada, Nellie
Creative Writing for 18 Years & Under: 1st: Freyja Hellebust, Literary Ghosts; 2nd: Sorcha Kennelly, Shift; 3rd: Gráinne Fitzgerald, January Tenth
Creative Writing for Special Educational Needs
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man armed with a knife stole from Asda in Spondon.
Melvyn Fellows has now been jailed for the crime on July 11 and three counts of theft elsewhere in Derby on July 8.
Fellows 46, of Stonebroom Walk, was sent to prison for 18 weeks and ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge.
The following people have also recently been convicted at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court of the following offences:
Ian St Clair, 54, of Silverburn Drive, Derby, was handed a 12-month community order and was ordered to pay £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge for assault in Derby on October 19.
Frederick Fisher, 72, of Shipley Common Lane, Ilkeston, was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for a year and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order in their home town on July 31.
David Bell, 42, of Brunswick Street, Derby, was jailed for 12 weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for assault on July 2 and criminal damage on September 2, both in Derby.
Hugh Thompson, 26, of St James Avenue, Ilkeston, was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for a year, and was ordered to carry out 100 hours unpaid work, and was ordered to pay £450 costs, a £115 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for four years for drink driving and possessing a kitchen knife in public in High Lane Central, West Hallam, on September 24.
(Image: Library image)
Dominik Brandt, 24, of Twyford Street, Normanton, was jailed for 16 weeks, suspended for a year, and ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work and was ordered to [ay £100 hours unpaid work, £200 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for assault and theft at Poundland, at Derby's Intu Centre, on July 5.
Holly Lince, 18, of Chesterfield Avenue, Long Eaton, was handed a six-week community order, with curfew and was ordered to pay £85 costs and £85 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for two years for drink driving in Longmoor Lane, Sandiacre, on October 1.
Liam Schooler, 26, of The Greenway, Sandiacre, was handed a 12-month community order, with 120 hours unpaid work, and was ordered to pay £85 costs, an £85 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for four years for driving while unfit through drugs, driving without insurance or a valid licence in The Greenway, Sandiacre, on August 2.
John Sticka, 63, of Ridgeway, Chellaston, was jailed for 14 weeks, and was handed a five-year restraining order and was ordered to pay £620 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order in Coleman Street, Derby, on August 30.
John Gale, 38, of Raven Road, Yoxall, Burton, was fined £300 and was ordered to pay £85 costs, a £30 victim surcharge and was disqualified from driving for three years for drink driving in Victoria Crescent, Burton, on August 1.
Henry Gratton, 43, of Diamond Close, Sawley, was handed a 12-month community order and was ordered to pay £285.12 compensation, £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge for entering Southlands care Home, ion Main Street, Long Eaton as a trespasser and stealing a motion sensor, on October 31.
Robert Regan, 58, of Jedburgh Close, Stenson Fields, was handed a 12-month community order, with 60 hours unpaid work, and was ordered to pay £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge for two counts of breaching a restraining order in Normanton Road, on October 16 and 26.
Steven Banks, 43, of no fixed address, was jailed for 14 weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order, in Borrowash, on November 1.
Michael Tonks, 28, of Stanton Road, Burton, was jailed for 26 weeks, suspended for a year and was ordered to pay £150 compensation, £200 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for assault in Burton on May 29.
Gary Sailesman (corr), 44, of Finsley Walk, Derby, was jailed for eight weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for assault and theft at Greggs in East Street, Derby, on June 16 and for using racially-aggravated threatening or abusive words or behaviour and assaulting a police officer in Babington Lane, Derby, on July 18.
Raynaldo (corr) Maddix, 24, of Burnside Street, Derby, was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for 18 months, and was ordered to carry put 100 hours unpaid work and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £115 victim surcharge for possessing a knife in public in Sinclair Close, Derby, on October 1.
Aaron Greener, 31, of Alexandra Gardens, Derby, was fined £120 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and £75 compensation for assault at the Royal Derby Hospital, in Derby, on August 5.
Lea Millns (both corr), 44, of Station Road, Melbourne, was jailed for 12weeks, suspended for a year, and was ordered to carry out 100 hours unpaid work and was ordered to pay £150 compensation and £85 costs for assault in Derby on October 1.
Luke Beresford, 27, of Sinfin Lane, Sinfin, was fined £240, and was ordered to pay £85 costs, a £30 victim surcharge and had their licence endorsed with six penalty points for driving without insurance and possessing cannabis in Sunny Hill Avenue, Derby, on July 8.
Stephen Finn, 35, of no fixed address, was jailed for seven weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for two counts of possessing the former legal high known as ‘black mamba' in Hartington Street, Normanton, on June 23 and July 23.
Andrew Harris, 18, of Thatch Close, Derby, was fined £155 and was ordered to pay £85 costs, a £30 victim surcharge and had their licence endorsed with six penalty points for driving without insurance, a licence and without due care and attention in Duffield Road, Derby, on July 23.
Ajai (corr) Lawrence, 21, of Bembridge Drive, Alvaston, was fined £120 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge for possessing cocaine in Derby on June 25.
Haroon Mushtaq, 23, of Lyndhurst Street, Normanton, was fined £200 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge for possessing cannabis in Lyndhurst Street, Normanton, on April 6.
Stephen Cudworth, 57, of Grey Street, Derby, was fined £120 and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge for racially-aggravated assault in Leonard Walk, Derby, on May 19.
Lauren Hanson, 22, of Upper Moor Road, Derby, was fined £40 and was ordered to pay £50 compensation and £85 costs for being drunk and disorderly in Normanton Road and for criminal damage of a police car on November 1.
Paul Bostock, 38, of no fixed address, was jailed for eight weeks and was ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge for breaching a restraining order in Sandiacre on November 3.
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory on the podium, with Russian President Vladimir Putin seen in the background. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland drives during the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland leads the pack during the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland drives during the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory after the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulates winner and Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland as second-placed Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany stands nearby on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Second-placed Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany kisses the trophy on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Winner and Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas (R) of Finland and second-placed Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany spray champagne on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Winner and Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland sprays champagne on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Finland's Valtteri Bottas celebrated the first Formula One victory of their career at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday after jumping both Ferraris at the start and then holding their nerve over the tense closing laps.
Championship leader Sebastian Vettel, who had started on pole position alongside Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen, extended their advantage to 13 points with second place after putting Bottas under huge pressure at the finish.
The German crossed the line just 0.6 seconds behind a man who joined Mercedes from Williams in January as replacement for retired 2016 champion Nico Rosberg and was finally a winner after 81 starts.
"Took quite a while, huh?," said the Finn over the radio as they took the chequered flag, an expletive bleeped out for the listening world as they whooped in a rare outburst of emotion. "Worth the wait."
"This strange opportunity came over the winter to join this team and I have to thank the team for making this possible," they added after meeting Russian president Vladimir Putin before spraying champagne on the podium.
"First win and hopefully first of many... it's a good feeling."
It was the first time in four years, since Raikkonen won with Lotus in Australia in 2013, that a Finnish driver had stood on the top step.
Raikkonen made it two Finns in the top three with Britain's Lewis Hamilton, Vettel's closest rival, struggling to match the leaders' pace and finishing fourth for Mercedes.
Vettel now has 86 points after the opening four races with triple champion Hamilton, a winner in China, second on 73 and Bottas third with 63.
Mercedes continued their record of winning every Russian Grand Prix since the first in 2014, this time against the odds after Ferrari had swept the front row for the first time in nine years.
But their proud boast of also leading every lap around the Olympic Park circuit disappeared when Vettel briefly led following Bottas's first pitstop.
After an aborted start, with Fernando Alonso's McLaren breaking down on the formation lap, Bottas seized the lead from third on the grid.
The safety car was then deployed after a collision between Renault's Jolyon Palmer and Haas's Romain Grosjean put both out, and the race settled down into a procession before the nail-biting finale.
"I tried everything to catch Valtteri. I thought there would be an opportunity on the back straight," said Vettel, winner of two of the first three races for their resurgent Italian team.
"I thought there was an opportunity but I was not sure what Felipe Massa would do and ended up losing out," they added, with the Williams driver delaying them at a key point in the chase.
"It doesn't matter, though. Big congratulations to Valtteri. It is their day."
Red Bull's Dutch teenager Max Verstappen finished fifth with Sergio Perez chalking up their 14th successive points finish for Force India and French teammate Esteban Ocon seventh.
Nico Hulkenberg was eighth for Renault, with Massa ninth for Williams and Spaniard Carlos Sainz taking the final point for Toro Rosso.
Canadian rookie Lance Stroll finally reached the finish line after three retirements in a row and took 11th place for Williams.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Amancio Ortega laughs during a visit of Spain's Princess Letizia and Crown Prince Felipe to their factory in Coruna, northern Spain, in 2008. REUTERS/Miguel Vidal
This belle epoque palazzo which once housed department store Rinascente and owned Inditex founder Amancio Ortega, is seen at exclusive via del Corso in Rome, Italy. REUTERS/Remo Casilli
The building which houses H&M's flagship store in San Francisco, at 150 Powell Street. REUTERS/Rory Carroll
The historic cast-iron clad Haughwout building, which housed a world famous china and glass store in the19th century, and had the world's first passenger elevator, at 490 Broadway in Manhattan. REUTERS/REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
The headquarters of mining company Rio Tinto at 6 St James's Square in London. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Torre Picasso, a 45-floor office building and first Inditex founder Amancio Ortega's first large-scale foray into the real estate market in 2011, is seen in Madrid, Spain. REUTERS/Juan Medina
MADRID Amancio Ortega, founder of the world's biggest clothing retailer Inditex and Europe's richest man, has put a majority stake in the firm that owns the Zara fashion chain into a holding company to ensure family control remains unassailable after they die.
Corporate filings in Spain's Mercantile Registry show the reclusive 81-year-old put a 50.01 percent shareholding into Pontegadea Investments in December 2015, along with more than 6 billion euros ($6.5 billion) in prime commercial real estate.
Ortega's heirs will now inherit stakes in Pontegadea, which groups assets worth around 57 billion euros, rather than Inditex shares which potentially could be sold, muddying prospects for the company's direction.
"The absolute priority for Ortega is to guarantee the future of the company, to ensure a controlling stake in Inditex that will not be diluted," a source close to Pontegadea told Reuters when asked about the reasoning behind the structure.
The move aims to preserve continuity in ownership and management, said the source, who asked not to be named because of the sensitive nature of the issue.
It also is likely to maintain the firm's paternalistic presence in the northwestern region of Galicia, where Ortega lives.
A former errand boy, Ortega built their empire in the mid-1970s from a Zara store in their hometown, the rainy fishing port of La Coruna, to a network of over 7,200 stores that employs tens of thousands globally.
Their success has had a huge knock-on effect on local businesses in Galicia, from Trison, which makes video displays for Zara stores, to Candido Hermida, a furniture maker which fits out Inditex stores worldwide.
Their charitable foundation, Fundacion Amancio Ortega, has invested millions in projects such as opening kindergartens in the region and training local schoolteachers.
In setting up Pontegadea, Ortega aims to avoid the fate of businesses like chocolate maker Cadbury and fashion house Laura Ashley, whose founding families lost control of their empires as their shareholdings were diluted and they retreated from management.
The family of Laura Ashley saw its stake in the firm progressively diluted after they died in 1985, and its connection with the company was cut entirely by 2001.
Family representation on the board of Cadbury ended in 2000 when chairperson Dominic Cadbury retired. U.S. food giant Kraft, now Mondelez, bought the company ten years later, closing a plant in the west of England shortly after the takeover despite protests from descendants of the founding family.
Ortega also follows the example of other founders of successful corporate empires.
Fashion designer Giorgio Armani set up a foundation last year to control the business empire they started in the 1970s.
Hans Wilsdorf, the founder of luxury watchmaker Rolex, in 1944 placed all of their shares in the Hans Wilsdorf Foundation, which has owned and run the company since their death in 1960.
"Depending on the terms of the trust, this should help alleviate any fears of shares being placed in the market on the event of their (Ortega's) death," said Adam Cochrane, retail analyst at UBS.
Independent retail analyst Richard Hyman said the move was a way of protecting the Inditex brands, which in addition to Zara include the upmarket Massimo Dutti label and teen fashion chain Bershka.
"The most important asset that Inditex has are its brands and the biggest risk to branding is dilution," Hyman said.
"It is hard to predict what is going to happen in the apparel industry, the most risky sector in retail. Protecting a majority stake reduces the chances of a takeover that could lead to cost cuts that end up damaging the brand."
ALL IN THE FAMILY ...
Ortega became a billionaire and Spain's richest man at the age of 65, when Inditex was listed in 2001. They continue to live in La Coruna where they are often seen walking their dog.
Funds from the listing were used at the time to set up Pontegadea, which is structured as a private limited company.
A Pontegadea spokesperson declined to comment for this article, and an Inditex spokesperson said the company did not comment on any matter related to its shareholders.
Corporate filings show that Ortega is Pontegadea's chairperson and their wife Flora Perez and close business partner Jose Arnau are vice-chairpeople.
Arnau, vice president of Inditex's board of directors, is a former tax inspector and has been closely involved in the managing of Ortega's personal wealth since 1997. They managed Inditex's tax affairs from 1993 to 2001.
Perez is Ortega's second wife. They separated from their first wife Rosalia Mera, who died of a stroke in 2013, in the 1980s.
Perez has a seat on Inditex's board as the representative of Pontegadea's 50.01 percent stake. Them brothers also hold key positions - Oscar Perez is director of flagship brand Zara while Jorge is the director of Massimo Dutti.
Ortega has three children: their daughter with Perez, Marta, 33, who works at Zara, and two children from their first marriage, Sandra, 48, and Marcos, 46, neither of whom have pursued careers at Inditex.
Sandra, the second-biggest Inditex shareholder with a 5.05 percent stake, works at a Galician charity focused on helping disabled people find work. Marcos was born with cerebral palsy and is severely disabled.
... EXCEPT FOR ONE
Ortega split with Spanish tradition when they handed the roles of chief executive officer and chairperson outside the family to Pablo Isla, 53, one of Spain's elite squad of state lawyers, six years ago.
Entrusting the day-to-day running of the company to Isla was widely seen as removing any uncertainty about succession plans.
Poached from tobacco firm Aldatis in 2005, Isla has overseen a tripling of the company's value during their tenure.
Ortega still goes to work every day at the company's headquarters in Arteixo, turning their hand to everything from fashion collections to shop floor design.
They have made largely debt-free purchases of prime real estate around the world using the dividends from their total stake of just under 60 percent of Inditex, which have nearly doubled over the past five years to a record payout of 1.26 billion euros in the latest financial year ended January 2017, according to a source with knowledge of the matter.
Their property portfolio - roughly split equally between office and retail - include mining company Rio Tinto's headquarters in London; Zara rival H&M's flagship San Francisco store on Powell Street and a five-storey Primark store on Madrid's Gran Via.
Income at the real estate division that also sits under the Pontegadea holding company was 129 million euros in 2015, mostly from rental income, according to results available from that year.
($1 = 0.9260 euros)
(Reporting by Sonya Dowsett; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 12Loncin Motor Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay 5 yuan per 10 shares to shareholders and distribute 5 new share for every 10 shares, use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as FY 2016 dividend payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/RiIy7D
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
An electoral poster of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, is displayed during a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier - RTS14V0U
PARIS French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron was endorsed by some of France's top counter-terrorism experts on Wednesday, in a boost for the former economy minister who has been accused by their far-right rival of being weak on Islamist militancy.
In a letter seen by Reuters, seven former top officials of French counter-terrorism institutions came out in support of the 39-year old centrist, who will face Marine Le Pen in the election run-off on Sunday.
They said it would be wrong to respond to terrorism with tougher emergency measures that would infringe on civil liberties and democratic values, feeding what they called "Islamic State propaganda".
"This red line must never be crossed," they wrote. "By crossing it, Mrs. Le Pen is playing into the hands of jihadist groups, and it's our country she's putting at risk."
In their campaign, Le Pen has insisted on the threat of Islamist militancy, which has claimed more than 230 lives in France since 2015, saying Macron was "to say the least, weak" on the issue.
They have promised to suspend the European Union's open-border agreement on France's frontiers and expel foreigners who are on the watch lists of intelligence services.
Macron's internal security programme calls for 10,000 more police officers, and 15,000 new prison places, as well as the rebuilding of France's domestic surveillance apparatus which was cut down to size under former president Nicolas Sarkozy.
The experts backing Macron include former magistrate Jean-Louis Bruguiere, whose biggest case was the explosion of UTA flight 772 over the Sahara desert in 1989, in which they convicted six Libyans in absentia.
Other names on the list are Jean-Claude Cousserand, the former head of France's DGSE, its top foreign spying agency and the equivalent of Britain's MI6, as well as Jacques Fournet, former head of the DST domestic intelligence agency.
Ange Mancini, Sarkozy's former intelligence coordinator, anti-terrorism prosecutor Michel Debacq, former top police official Rene-Georges Querry and Jean-Michel Fauvergue, whose RAID elite police force led operations against Islamist attackers of the Bataclan theatre in 2015, also signed the letter.
Fauvergue is now running for parliament under the colours of Macron's "En Marche!" party.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
March 28 Heating and plumbing products supplier Wolseley reported a 25 percent rise in first-half profit, as growth in the United States more than made up for tough trading conditions in the UK and the Nordics.
The company plans to change its name to Ferguson Plc, subject to shareholder approval, its top brand in its largest market, the United States, where it makes about 84 percent of its profit.
Group trading profit rose to 515 million pounds ($646 million) in the six months ended Jan. 31, from 412 million pounds a year ago.
Revenue rose 24.5 percent to 8.461 billion pounds, while like-for-like revenue grew 3.2 percent year-on-year, and Wolseley said like-for-like revenue had grown about 4.5 percent since the end of the period. ($1 = 0.7974 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru, editing by Louise Heavens)
PHILADELPHIA, April 3 The Federal Reserve could begin shrinking its portfolio of bonds as soon as this year, Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said on Monday, adding their voice to a growing number of colleagues who want to promptly wind down a crisis-era policy.
"Possibly by the end of this year or the beginning of next year would be an appropriate time to stop reinvesting (maturing assets), but that's all dependent on how the economy evolves between now and then," Harker told reporters, adding their voice to at least four others at the U.S. central bank including New York Fed President William Dudley, who spoke of the topic on Friday.
"We have to balance this off the path of the fed funds rate. As we cease reinvestment it will remove some accommodation. These two things are related," they added, reinforcing the growing view that the Fed could temporarily pause interest rate hikes when it starts to trim its $4.5 trillion balance sheet. (Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
When is the Lions squad announced?
The Lions squad for the 10-match tour to New Zealand that includes three tests will be unveiled on Wednesday at 12.0pm, live on Sky News. The captain is likely to be Wales flanker Sam Warburton who led the Lions to a 2-1 test series victory over Australia in 2013, according to the bookmakers and most pundits. Warren Gatland, touring with the Lions for a third time (2009, 2013 and 2017) – the last two as head coach after being the forwards' coach under Ian McGeechan in South Africa, has already informed the player who will lead the party. The touring party names will be read out by Tour manager John Spencer.
Can you follow the announcement anywhere else other than Sky News?
Yes. It's on the Lions Facebook page, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat (lionssnaps), the official Lions App and YouTube.
The squad will comprise of how many players?
Somewhere between 37 and 39 players is the guesstimate. In 1997 the Lions original touring party to South Africa numbered 35, in 2001 to Australia 37, in 2005 to New Zealand 44, in 2009 to South Africa 37 and in 2013 to Australia, 37. There is a suggestion that Gatland may opt to take either one or two more players than the last couple of tours.
How many Irish players will go?
The record Irish representation selected in the original touring party was 14 – Jerry Flannery, Tomas O'Leary and Alan Quinlan didn't make the plane through injury and suspensionn – in 2009 to South Africa, a squad led by Paul O'Connell. The under/over is 9-13.
Paul O' Connell waves to the crowd after the third Lions test against South Africa in 2009. Photo: Stu Forster/Getty Images
Is the coaching/backroom team already known?
Yes, here are some of the main characters. Warren Gatland (head coach), Rob Howley (backs), Steve Borthwick (forwards), Andy Farrell (defence), Graham Rowntree (scrum), Neil Jenkins (kicking), Eanna Falvey (head of medical), Rhodri Brown (chief analyst), Paul Stridgeon (strength & conditioning), John Spencer (tour manager), Ger Carmody (head of operations) and Paddy ‘Rala' O'Reilly (baggage master).
How many matches will they play?
10. They face New Zealand's five rugby franchises, Blues, Crusaders, Highlanders, Chiefs and Hurricanes. The opening match of the tour is against the New Zealand provincial Barbarians and they also face the Maori All Blacks, while not forgetting the ultimate barometer of success and failure of the tour, the three test series against the world champions, New Zealand. The first match is June 3rd, the first test is June 24th and the final test and game of the tour is on July 8th.
What are the kickoff times?
All matches on the tour have an 8.35am kickoff Irish time and will be shown live on Sky Sports.
That's seems a ridiculously tough schedule?
Graham Henry, who coached the Lions in 2001 and masterminded New Zealand's 2011 World Cup victory would agree. They said: “I know from my own experiences how much the players respect getting selected for the Lions. It is the pinnacle of their career. It is massive but they need to do well and I just wonder if the itinerary is suicidal. That is my concern. They are playing New Zealand Maori, they are playing the five franchised teams – and those five franchised teams have nothing to lose, no pressure on them at all, so they will fire everything at the Lions and take them on.”
Is it correct that the New Zealand franchises will be allowed to select their All Blacks for those matches?
Yes. Each franchise has also commissioned special jerseys that they will wear against the Lions. Incidentally as things stand in the Super Rugby Championship, the Crusaders have won all seven matches, the Chiefs and Hurricanes six out of seven, the Highlands four and only the Blues have a losing record with three wins from eight matches.
How did it go the last time the Lions were in New Zealand?
Lions captain Brian O'Driscoll was spear-tackled in the first test and missed the rest of the series and the tourists were given a 3-0 hiding. The Lions coach Clive Woodward brought 44 players, split them into two teams, and there was a massive disconnect within the touring party.
Brian O'Driscoll is carried off the field after injuring their right arm during the first test against New Zealand in 2005. Photo: David Rogers/Getty Images
Have they ever won a series in New Zealand?
Yes, 2-1 in 1971, a squad coached by Welshman Carwyn James and comprising of some of the greatest players of all-time. That is the Lions only test series win over the All Blacks and just to put it in perspective, they have won six and drawn three of 38 tests against New Zealand.
That first game against the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians is likely to contain one very familiar face for Lions coach Warren Gatland . . .
Yes, indeed. Their 21-year-old son Bryn, an outhalf, seems odds-on to be selected. The young outhalf is part of the Blues roster for Super Rugby but given that the Lions match against the Blues is four days after the tour opener they are unlikely to play in both; something of a relief one would imagine for Warren and Trudi Gatland.
Any other quirky match-ups?
It's something of a long-shot but former Blackrock College schoolboy and Irish underage international tighthead prop Oliver Jager has come off the bench to play a couple of matches for the Crusaders in Super Rugby this season but with the team having access to their All Blacks they are unlikely to be involved.
What if I want to go, how much will it cost?
Three tests and the Hurricanes game would cost about €8,950 for flights, accommodation and match tickets. The whole shebang, 10 matches (40 nights), would set you back about €12, 550.
How much is the players' tour fee?
The suggestion is that it will be €70,000 per man, up from €50,000 in 2013 with a win bonus for the test series that would take it over €100,000 per player.
Are there still match tickets available for public sale?
Yes but not for the test series. If you wanted to go to the Lions opening match in Whangarei against the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians, tickets are available from between NZ$10-$99 while a game against a franchise like the Hurricanes they can still be purchased from the official site (allblacks.com) for between NZ$41-$129.
Is there much travelling in New Zealand?
The matches will be played in Whangarei, Auckland, Christchurch, Dunedin, Rotorua, Hamilton and Wellington.
So who'll win the test series?
New Zealand are 10/11 to win 3-0 and if you think that Lions might squeak home then they're 9/2 to win 2-1.
* Q1 order intake down 3 pct, but smaller orders up 2 pct
* Sees early signs of recovery in sectors hit by energy downturn
* Q1 net profit tops expectations, boosted by one-off gain
* Company posts the best organic sales rise since Q2 2015 (Recasts, adding CEO comments, analyst, market reaction)
By John Revill
ZURICH, April 20 Swiss engineering group ABB reported a rise in smaller orders and signs of recovery in some sectors hit by recent cutbacks by oil and gas companies, saying these were a better guide to the future than a drop in volatile big-ticket orders.
The transmission and industrial automation company said on Thursday its overall order intake fell 3 percent in the three months ended March 31, when adjusted for currencies and divestments, halting an uptick at the end of 2016.
But ABB Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer said they were encouraged by the 2 percent growth in base orders - projects under $15 million - which they said were the most reliable indicator of growth in the business.
Sales adjusted for currency fluctuations and divestments also rose by 3 percent, ABB's best performance since the second quarter of 2015.
"Base orders in three of our four divisions are up," Spiesshofer told reporters. "Large orders are lumpy, they fluctuate from quarter to quarter, and this quarter had lower larger orders ... This is something I wouldn't take as the overall sentiment."
Before the fourth quarter of 2016, ABB's order book had fallen for six straight quarters, putting pressure on the company to turn around its fortunes and catch up with rivals such as Germany's Siemens.
Analysts said the order downturn was expected, and ABB's stock rose 2 percent in early trading following earnings that beat forecasts.
A $200 million gain from one-offs including selling its high voltage cable business to Denmark's NKT Cables last year, helped ABB lift net profit by 45 percent to $724 million, ahead of forecasts of $489 million in a Reuters poll.
Revenue fell 1 percent to $7.85 billion, though it rose 3 percent after stripping out the effect of divestments and currency fluctuations. The performance was highlighted by Barclays analyst James Stettler as ABB's highest sales performance in two years.
In recent quarters, ABB has been wrestling with reduced orders from process industries such as oil and gas where customers have reacted to lower raw materials prices by postponing or cancelling investments in new equipment.
Oil prices will likely continue to influence ABB's results during 2017, the company said, while political uncertainties linked to developments such as Britain's exit from the European Union would also weigh.
But Spiesshofer said they were seeing the "first signals of market stabilization in some process industries, as well as some growth signals in early-cycle businesses."
The company said some macroeconomic signs in the United States remained positive, while growth in China was expected to continue. The two countries are ABB's two largest markets. (Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Mark Potter)
By LARRY GAGE
Special to the PRESS
Port Isabel High powerlifters Julianna Barrera and Dagan Wise each took home gold medals from last Saturday's meet at Brownsville Porter High School.
It was a return trip to Brownsville for the Port Isabel High men's and women's teams, and Wise and Barrera both improved on the total lifts they recorded two weeks earlier in the season's first meet at Lopez High.
Barrera's total lift at Porter on Saturday was 935 pounds and Wise totaled 1,300 pounds for their three lifts. That was a 65-pound improvement for Barrera and 50 pounds for Wise. It was each lifter's first gold medal.
“Dagan is a returning letterman and so is Julianna,” P.I. powerlifting lifting coach Johnathan Bodden told the Press Monday. “They're our two team captains. They work hard and they have big goals.”
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
* Protesters questioned after Chinatown violence
* Police open inquiry into Sunday shooting
* China's foreign ministry calls in French diplomat (Adds French statement paras 8/9)
PARIS/BEIJING, March 28 French police said on Tuesday they opened an inquiry after a Chinese man was shot dead by police at their Paris home, triggering rioting in the French capital by members of the Chinese community and a sharp reaction from Beijing.
The shooting on Sunday, which led China's foreign ministry to call in a French diplomat, brought about 100 members of the French-Chinese community on to the streets in Paris's main Chinatown district on Monday night.
Some protesters threw projectiles outside the district's police headquarters and a number of vehicles were torched in a confrontation with riot police.
Media reports said a 56-year-old man of Chinese origin was shot dead at their home on Sunday night in front of their family after police were called to investigate an altercation with a neighbour.
Police said the man attacked police with scissors, adding that an inquiry had been opened. The man's family, according to media reports, denied this and some media said they were holding scissors because they had been cutting fish.
Police said they questioned 35 people after Monday's street protests and three members of the police were treated for slight injuries, they said.
In Beijing, the foreign ministry said on Tuesday it had summoned a French diplomat to explain events. It also sought a thorough investigation by French authorities and steps to be ensured the safety of Chinese citizens in France.
The French foreign ministry said in a statement that an inquiry was under way into the shooting and added that the security of Chinese citizens in France was a priority for the national authorities.
"Additional (security) measures have been taken in recent months and everything has been done to provide them with the best conditions for living here and for their security," it said. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard, Simon Carraud and John Irish; Writing by Richard Balmforth; Editing by Julia Glover)
March 31 Essar Steel Algoma Inc:
* Essar Steel Algoma extends stay of proceedings and debtor-in-possession financing
* Essar Steel Algoma - obtained order on March 30 from ontario superior court of justice extending stay of proceedings under companies' creditors arrangement act
* Essar Steel Algoma Inc -lenders under existing dip have also consented to an extension of scheduled maturity of dip to april 30, 2017
* Essar Steel Algoma Inc - Ontario superior court of justice extended stay of proceedings under companies' creditors arrangement act to April 30, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WELLINGTON The red-hot Otago Highlanders ran in nine tries in a record 57-14 thumping of South Africa's Stormers in Dunedin on Friday to secure their fifth straight Super Rugby victory.
Fijian winger Patrick Osborne scored two tries and created another for centre Rob Thompson as the home side crossed five times in a first half blitz to set up a win which bettered the 52-25 hammering they handed the Stormers in 1996.
Waisake Naholo and number eight Liam Squire also crossed before the break with winger Naholo adding their second and flanker Dillon Hunt, Greg Pleasants-Tate and their fellow replacement Matt Faddes also scoring in the second half.
Highlanders flyhalf Marty Banks, who had converted 24 of 25 kicks this season going into the match, missed two conversions but still contributed 10 points from the tee.
The Stormers, who were thumped 57-24 by the Canterbury Crusaders last week, scored the first and penultimate tries of the match through loose forward Nizaam Carr and replacement scrumhalf Dewaldt Duvenage.
It never looked like being enough, though, for the Cape Town outfit to avoid a third successive defeat after starting the season with six straight wins.
Carr opened the scoring when they took down a neat offload from rampaging captain Siya Kolisi to finish a sweeping move in the seventh minute but it was all downhill from then on.
Osborne scored their first on the overlap after 12 minutes and a six minutes later Naholo burst through the defensive line to put the home side ahead.
Banks missed the conversion under pressure from a charging defender but four minutes later Osborne went over again off a turnover.
Squire touched down from a catch-and-drive to secure the bonus point on the half hour mark and Osborne held off two tacklers for an offload which set Thompson cantering away for the fifth try and a 31-7 halftime lead.
The Stormers had the upper hand at the start of the second half but the home side broke 80 metres out of defence with a fortunate bounce of the ball leaving Naholo free to run in their second try.
Flanker Hunt added the seventh try 15 minutes from the final whistle but there was still time for hooker Pleasants-Tate and back Faddes to add a gloss to the score.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Thailand's Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha arrives at a weekly cabinet meeting at the Government House in Bangkok, Thailand, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Chaiwat Subprasom
BANGKOK The leader of Thailand's military junta said on Tuesday U.S. President Donald Trump assured them that ties would become "closer than ever", marking an abrupt change in stance from the one taken by Washington following a 2014 coup.
Trump invited Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to visit the White House in separate telephone calls over the weekend as they sought to shore up regional support amid mounting U.S. tension with North Korea.
"The U.S. president said that we are their good ally and they assured me that although we have been rather distant recently Thai-U.S. relations will now be closer than ever," Prayuth told reporters in Bangkok.
Prayuth has accepted Trump's invitation, but the Thai government has not said when the visit would take place.
Thailand is Washington's oldest ally in the region, but ties were strained by the military coup led by Prayuth in 2014 that ousted an elected civilian government.
Although relations were improving even before the Trump administration took over, pro-democracy activists fear the United States will put even less pressure on Thailand's generals to hand over power promptly.
A general election that the junta first promised for 2015 will not happen before next year and the constitution has been amended to ensure the military retains a strong say in politics.
Despite cooler diplomatic ties, Thailand and the United States have continued to hold joint military and police exercises including the annual Cobra Gold military exercises, Asia's largest multinational drill.
Trump's weekend invitation to Duterte in particular was condemned by rights groups, upset by the Philippine leader's bloody war on drugs.
The White House has defended the invitation.[L1N1I3097]
A spokesperson for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said on Tuesday they had nothing to add.
Thai businesses have said they are worried about Trump's protectionist stance on trade. Thailand had a trade surplus of about $18 billion with the United States last year.
The United States is Thailand's second-largest export market this year after China.
Trump promised to increase "trade cooperation" with Thailand and send a trade delegation, Prayuth told reporters, without elaborating.
One political analyst warned not to read too much into Trump's overture.
"Trump might yet go after Thailand's trade surplus with America. Thailand is among the 16 countries whose trading arrangements they have singled out for scrutiny," Dr Nigel Gould-Davies, an International Relations lecturer at Mahidol University International College in Thailand, told Reuters.
"Second, most of Trump's views are variables, not constants. There is no guarantee that they won't shift again. So Prayuth will likely see this call, as well as other recent U.S.-Thai contacts at senior levels, as encouraging rather than transformational."
The junta is struggling to lift growth in Southeast Asia's second's largest economy, which has lagged regional peers.
(Additional reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre, Panarat Thepgumpanat and Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Writing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore, Robert Birsel)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
April 3 Verona Pharma Plc:
* Verona Pharma Plc files for IPO of up to $86.3 million
* Verona Pharma Plc says Jefferies, Stifel, Wedbush Pacgrow, and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey are underwriters to IPO
* Verona Pharma Plc says it has applied to list its ads on NASDAQ under the symbol "VRNA" Source text:(bit.ly/2n5e2Vj) Further company coverage:
Visas for the UK may have been tightened last year, but there's a tiny bit of hope yet for Kiwis looking to head over on their OE.
A total of 45 British MPs have signed a letter to their government arguing for visas to be fast-tracked for commonwealth citizens.
Visas were tightened for Kiwis last year, and more will be introduced in April, as the UK tries to lower soaring immigration numbers.
The MPs want to make it easier for Kiwis and others to come and go to the UK for short stays.
But the Home Office is standing firm on restricting long-stay, skilled, working visas.
"Voters made it clear during the referendum that they wanted the country to take back control of immigration," a spokesperson for the Home Office said.
"The government will deliver on that by building an immigration system that works for everyone."
Conservative British MP Sir Paul Beresford is not happy about poor treatment of Kiwis but they are biased as a dual NZ/British passport holder.
"When the Commonwealth got pushed out and NZ in particular, as this country went into the EU, they were savaged," Sir Paul said.
"Their trade was savaged."
Officers investigating an altercation in Hurst Way, Luton, which may have been racially motivated, are appealing for witnesses.
Between 10.30pm and 11.30pm on Tuesday, August 8, two people were walking along Hurst Way when they were approached by a man, described as white, aged around 35, and a woman, described as white and aged around 45, who threatened them.
A wider altercation then broke out between a group of six people, during which one person is believed to have used racially motivated language.
Police are appealing for information to help piece together the events leading up to the incident.
PC Daniel O'Mahoney, investigating, said: “We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident who saw a group of people in Hurst Way involved in an altercation.
“Racially motivated incidents will not be tolerated and we are working hard to tackle such behaviour in the county.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact PC O'Mahoney on 101 quoting crime reference number C/33941/2017, or call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
April 3 UK government
* Government has continued to sell shares in Lloyds Banking Group, reducing its remaining shareholding to less than 2 percent
* UK Government says has now recovered over 20 billion pounds of the 20.3 billion pounds taxpayers injected into Lloyds during the financial crisis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Rachel Armstrong)
Plummer was brought in to re-shoot Spacey's scenes in All The Money In The World after filming had been completed.
Christopher Plummer has been nominated for a Golden Globe for their role as a last-minute replacement for Kevin Spacey, who was sacked after being accused of sexual assault.
Director Ridley Scott dumped Spacey from a star role in All The Money In The World after filming had been completed and brought in Plummer to re-shoot the scenes.
Canadian actor Plummer, 87, was nominated for the Globe for best supporting actor for the role as the exorbitantly wealthy but frugal industrialist J Paul Getty.
Delve into the shocking true story behind #AllTheMoneyInTheWorld. At Cinemas January 5. pic.twitter.com/cSALGvldxC — Sony Pictures UK 🎬 (@SonyPicturesUK) December 11, 2017
The film is yet to be released and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which organises the awards, was shown an early preview of the unfinished film, according to a spokesperson.
The film focuses on Getty's refusal to pay the ransom demands for the release of their kidnapped 16-year-old grandson in 1973.
The quick re-shoots cost a reported $10 million (£7.5 million) and will allow the film to be released in time to be considered during the awards season.
Former House Of Cards star Spacey, 58, is being investigated by Scotland Yard over two allegations of sexual assault claimed to have taken place in Lambeth, south London, in 2005 and 2008.
London's Old Vic theatre, where Spacey was artistic director between 2004 and 2015, has said an internal review found 20 people claimed they had experienced inappropriate behaviour by the Oscar winner.
Kevin Spacey was sacked as allegations mounted against them (Matt Crossick/PA)
The awards season will be particularly challenging for judges as they navigate the post-Harvey Weinstein scandal landscape which has seen allegations against numerous powerful figures.
The Globes nominated Pamela Adlon for best actor in a comedy series for their role in Better Things, which they co-created with disgraced comedian Louis CK.
Pixar and Disney's Coco, which was released days after studio chief John Lasseter apologised for “missteps” and stepped down from their role, was also nominated for best animated film.
© Press Association 2017
SANTIAGO Spanish renewable energy firm Cox Energy is in advanced talks to bring in a partner for its South American operations, the company told Reuters on Friday.
The Madrid-based firm has assets on four continents and its operations in South America include a large, potentially lucrative contract with the Chilean government that it won in an auction last year.
"Cox Energy is in negotiations with a strategic partner to give an entry point into the entirety of the South American platform," said a Cox spokesperson, after two industry sources said the company had been in conversations with outside firms.
"Of course, once these negotiations culminate, Cox will stay on said platform as a participating partner," said the spokesperson, who asked not to be named, citing company policy.
The partner would gain an equity stake in the South American assets should the deal go through, they added.
Cox has multiple very early stage solar developments in Chile, which has experienced a solar boom in recent years, and is also looking at expansions in other countries nearby. Last year, it was among a cluster of European renewables companies that scooped up contracts to supply Chile's public grid from 2021.
Under the terms of that contract, known as a power purchase agreement (PPA), Cox will provide 250 megawatts of power on a 24-hour basis. It will inject energy into Chile's public grid for $52.72 per megawatt-hour, a price that is above the most recent averages in Chile.
The investment needed to fulfil the PPA will be around $300 million, the company has said. Its early-stage solar projects in Chile include the 60-MW Valleland solar park near the city of La Serena.
The spokesperson said Cox had begun discussing possible partnerships shortly after the August public auction, though talks were now exclusive.
They declined to name the counterparty. However, one source with knowledge of the process said Cox had previously talked with industrial conglomerates and international investment funds.
The biggest investment funds operating in Chilean renewables are British private equity fund Actis and Canada's Brookfield Asset Management (BAMa.TO).
While August's auction was hailed as a massive victory for renewables, speculation has swirled that some of the winners would seek sales or partnerships with companies more experienced in large-scale infrastructure development.
Consolidation in Chile's dispersed renewable energy sector has also been heating up. In March alone, Brookfield and Actis announced major purchases, while Reuters revealed U.S. solar producer SunPower (SPWR.O) had put a large solar asset on the block.
(Reporting by Gram Slattery; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
Hatters boss Nathan Jones is undecided whether they will use the funds received from Isaac Vassell's sale to Birmingham City this morning to bolster their attacking options.
Although the fee that the Blues paid remains undisclosed, the Luton chief is confident that if it wants to make a 10th signing of the season, they would be given the green light ahead of the transfer window closing at the end of the month.
If it's something we can do then I'm sure the board will back me as they have on every other transfer. Nathan Jones
Jones said: “We'll see, we don't want to just bring a player in for the sake of it.
“We've brought in Elliot Lee, which again, is from a higher level, they need to play. Harry (Cornick) is one to develop and one to get better and how quickly they do mean any urgency to replace an Isaac type will be shown.
“But we have two of the best in the league in terms of (Danny) Hylton and (James) Collins and providing all four stay fit, we're well covered in that area.
“It's not just bringing a body in for a bodies sake. We didn't want to lose Isaac Vassell, because Isaac Vassell was ingrained in our environment and our culture.
“We liked them and they were different to what the other two were, so if something different comes up, we have an opportunity to do it.
“If not we're not going to say ‘we've got money, we're going to spend it.' No, the board has invested lots of money in the squad already, invested a lot of money in our training ground and our environment and anything we ask for, we get.
“So they've invested a lot of money, and we're not going to be wasting it. If it's something we can do then I'm sure the board will back me as they have on every other transfer.”
Although losing Vassell will have massive effect on Town's speed options upfront, Jones believes the existing forwards are still fleet of foot enough to cause problems, as they said: “We have good pace, Danny is a quick one, Elliot's sharp and Cornick is pure pace.
“But we'll see what's out there. Obviously we wouldn't have wanted to lose that amount of pace, but it's football and it's happened, now we have to move on and see where we are.”
Although the undisclosed fee that Luton pocketed was deemed more than enough to allow Vassell to leave, Jones would rather have kept hold of their striker, adding: “The club will make enough money that it was in a difficult position to turn down, but realistically we wanted to keep them as we didn't want to replace him.
“We were very comfortable with what we had, and we let Jack (Marriott) go for example, because Jack at the time was fourth choice, but that's the way it is today.”
Tidjane Thiam, CEO of the Credit Suisse bank attends the World Economic Forum (WEF) annual meeting of the Forum in Davos, Switzerland January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
Casper von Koskull, CEO and president of Nordea Bank, presents the banks fourth quarter and full year results 2016 during a presser in Stockholm, Sweden, January 26, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Janerik Henriksson via REUTERS
FRANKFURT Some of Europe's most profitable lenders pay their chief executives the least, data from shareholder advisory group ISS shows, while loss-making banks reward their bosses more lavishly.
Despite caps on bank bonuses introduced across much of Europe after the financial crisis, pay still varies widely - sometimes independently of profit - the survey of 11 of Europe's biggest banks, which was compiled by ISS for Reuters, reveals.
The ISS data, which compares CEO pay, pension and benefits in 2016, shows the CEOs of Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) and Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) received 7.3 and 4.7 million euros ($5 million) respectively. Both banks made heavy losses last year after big legal penalties relating to their investment banking activities.
At the other end of the spectrum, Jean Laurent Bonnafe, CEO of France's BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) and Casper von Koskull of Swedish retail bank Nordea (NDA.ST) earned less than half as much although their banks recorded profit of 7.7 billion euros and 3.8 billion euros.
The ISS calculations, compiled using company data, may vary from the headline figures highlighted by the banks as is includes cash and benefits actually paid, such as toward a pension.
The contrast revealed in the data comes as Credit Suisse CEO Tidjane Thiam and Deutsche Bank chief John Cryan put their companies' broad policy on executive pay up for approval at shareholder meetings where they face investor unrest.
"Pay tends to be explained as high risk, high reward. But the payouts can remain high, regardless of result," Andrew Gebelin of Glass Lewis, an advisory group influential among investors, told Reuters.
"We would anticipate more controversy over pay at banks in the months ahead. There has been quite a growth in shareholder opposition. It is high on their list of concerns."
Last year, Credit Suisse racked up a 2.7 billion Swiss franc loss, its second in a row, after a trading mishap and a $5 billion penalty for the sale of toxic mortgage debt.
CEO Thiam, who has been awarded 19 million francs worth of bank stock since joining in 2015, as agreed in their contract, increased the bonus pool as they sought to keep staff on board.
Each staff member in its investment banking and capital markets division earned 400,000 Swiss francs on average - while the business made a pretax profit equivalent to just 84,000 francs per head.
The Swiss bank, which benchmarks itself against rivals in the U.S. and Europe when setting pay, declined to comment.
Last year, Deutsche also reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros after a similar fine.
Cryan, who waived their bonus, will present a fresh pay plan for executives tied closer to performance in May after shareholders voted down the one proposed last year.
Thomas Philippon of New York University, who has studied pay among investment banks, said they had been too slow to cut.
"They reduced the wage bill mostly by cutting staff, not by cutting wages," they said, commenting on the sector.
MOOD CRITICAL
Cutting pay may prove critical in winning over investors, particularly for Deutsche, which is calling on shareholders for fresh funds, while Credit Suisse is considering doing the same.
However, the mood among investors is increasingly critical, with Larry Fink, head of fund giant Blackrock, a large shareholder in banks, warning in a letter to company heads that it would be willing to vote down bad pay deals. Norway's wealth fund also told Reuters it was taking a closer look at pay.
One investor, speaking privately, was more blunt about investment banks. "Their business model is that the minute they do well, most of their employees take the gravy," they said.
Wages have shrunk since 2010, when the former chief executive of Credit Suisse, Brady Dougan, received nearly 90 million Swiss francs. Nonetheless, some investors want them to fall further and hold the Netherlands up as an example.
"There are different cultures across companies in Europe," said Gebelin of Glass Lewis. "The Netherlands has an extremely restrictive pay regime, as does Sweden, but that doesn't hold for Switzerland or the UK."
Ralph Hamers, ING's (INGA.AS) chief executive, known for visiting bank branches and taking selfies with staff, reported a 4.7 billion euro profit last year, but even after receiving almost the maximum bonus allowed under Dutch law, they were paid 2.6 million euros.
(Additional reporting by Toby Sterling in Amsterdam and Anjuli Davies in London; editing by Alexander Smith)
Feb 2(Reuters) - Shanghai Fengyuzhu Exhibition Co Ltd :
* Says actual controller proposed to pay a cash dividend of 8 yuan for every 10 shares, and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as dividend payment plan for FY 2017
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/aVxVa7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds Bueno's statement in paragraph 5, details of Council's presentation in paragraphs 6-7)
São Paulo, April 20 Finland's Stora Enso Oyj , Europe's biggest papermaker, may consider expanding in Brazil depending on whether the government eases legal and regulatory uncertainty for pulp and paper producers, a company executive told Valor Econômico newspaper.
In an interview published on Thursday, Juan Carlos Bueno, Stora Enso's executive vice president for biomaterials, told Valor that growing the Veracel Celulose venture hinges on how the government deals with issues like landless peasants' activism or existing limits on foreign land ownership.
Veracel is owned equally by Helsinki-based Stora Enso and Fibria Celulose SA, the world's largest eucalyptus pulp producer. A recent gain in Brazil's currency, the real , has mostly annulled the impact of price hikes that pulp producers implemented in previous months, Bueno told Valor.
Bueno's remarks underscored the importance of Latin America for Stora Enso's strategy to obtain low-cost pulp from tree plantations.
In an email to Reuters, Bueno confirmed remarks made to Valor. "My quotes are correct, but as we always look for expansion opportunities globally it is a hypothetical statement and should thus be interpreted as such," Bueno wrote.
Brazil's pulp and paper industry could potentially lure $23 billion in investments between 2012 and 2020, the Swedish Trade & Invest Council said in a February 2016 presentation, citing 2015 figures from Ibá, the Brazilian tree association. The Council could not provide a more recent estimate, saying that adverse economic conditions and a different exchange rate could affect the estimate and investment decisions.
Those investments could help double Brazil's forestry base, increase existing plants and build new ones. In Brazil, Veracel's average annual pulp production is 1.1 million tonnes. (Reporting by Ana Mano; Editing by Frances Kerry and Alistair Bell)
March 29 Shenzhen Refond Optoelectronics Co Ltd
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 5 percent to 30 percent, or to be 17.6 million yuan to 21.8 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 16.7 million yuan
* Says that increased subsidy from government as main reason for forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/tDWxfD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
RIO DE JANEIRO, APRIL 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - P roviding formal land ownership titles to indigenous communities is one of the most effective ways to preserve endangered rainforest in Peru's Amazon, said a study published on Monday.
Forest destruction dropped 75 percent on land once it was formally granted to indigenous communities, said the study by American researchers published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Analysing satellite data and land ownership certificates, the researchers compared forest cover on territory before and in the two years after it was formally titled to indigenous communities.
They make the case that granting land titles to indigenous communities who currently control about 10 million hectares of forests in Peru has direct, measurable benefits for Amazon preservation.
"Titling reduces forest clearing by three-quarters," said Allen Blackman, a senior official with the Inter-American Development Bank and a co-author of the study.
The Amazon is the world's largest tropical rainforest, teeming with biodiversity and spanning nine countries in South America - the bulk of it in Brazil. More than half of Peru's territory is Amazon rainforest.
Protecting the Amazon, which has been shrinking in Peru due to illegal logging and other activities, is crucial for combating climate change because forests suck greenhouse gases out of the atmosphere and regulate the planet's climate.
"Communities without titles don't have the legal standing to complain to regulators when their lands have been encroached on," Blackman told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Once land has been formally titled, indigenous communities can get advice from government regulators on the best tactics for forest preservation and other official services, Blackman said.
With a fast-growing economy based on mining and its natural resources, the Andean nation of Peru has about 1,200 indigenous communities inhabited by 330,000 people, researchers said.
Indigenous activists hailed the study.
"Giving indigenous communities formal legal title to our lands protects tropical forest from illegal logging," said Edwin Vazquez, a land rights campaigner with the Peru-based Coordination of Indigenous Organizations of the Amazon River Basin.
"Without us, the mission to slow the emissions that threaten the ... health of our entire planet is doomed to failure," Vazquez said in a statement.
Indigenous communities and local residents manage about a third of all forests in developing countries - more than twice the share in government-protected areas, Blackman said.
The study implies that titling land for indigenous people could be effective for forest conservation in other countries, Blackman said, but more research is needed to test that hypothesis.
(Reporting by Chris Arsenault @chrisarsenaul, Editing by Alisa Tang. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
BRASILIA, April 12 A corruption investigation into dozens of senior lawmakers and a third of Brazilian President Michel Temer's cabinet will not affect a key pension reform vote in Congress, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles told Reuters on Wednesday.
In a phone interview, Meirelles said they continue to expect the reform to be approved in the first half of the year, but acknowledged that a vote in August would not be a problem. (Reporting by Marcela Ayres; Writing by Alonso Soto; Editing by Leslie Adler)
"I'm not a nostalgia act," Alison Moyet says. "If you want an 80s throwback, it's probably best not to come."
It's an unusual sales pitch with which to promote your gig. But talking to Moyet it's rapidly apparent they are not your usual musician.
This makes them incredibly fun to speak to. She's fiery and funny and tells it like it is. She's unfiltered, casually dropping truth bombs and f-bombs throughout. When their publicist tells us our time is up they blurt out, "Oh God, that went quickly didn't it?".
It did. But there was a lot to talk about. Moyet has a new album out tomorrow, Other, and is touring here in October. It will be their first visit to New Zealand in 30 years.
Advertisement
"I was really excited to be there in 1987 but in truth I wasn't on top of my live game at that point in time. I think the band wasn't particularly connected," they say. "I feel much more excited about this tour because I'm so much more on my game."
× Alison Moyet performing during the 1980s Alison Moyet performing during the 1980s
Them last album, 2013's critically acclaimed The Minutes, saw them returning to the electronica sound with which they found fame fronting synthpop duo Yazoo in the early 80s. It's a sound they continue to explore on Other.
The album is sophisticated and cutting edge, with their formidably powerful voice soaring over room-shaking bass, ice-cold synth arpeggios, moody Bristolian bass soundscapes and adrenaline-surging synth-pop.
So it's little surprise that this time around their touring band is fully electronic.
"We're a three-piece on stage. If you consider that I started off in a two-piece, it's 50 per cent more!" they quip. "The joy of electronic music means that everything can get tied sonically - the earlier stuff and my latest stuff."
So despite that early warning against a nostalgia-fest, Moyet will not be ignoring fan favourites entirely.
"I'll be effectively working on my catalogue of the past 30 years with a good emphasis on songs that people will know. There will be hits in there but there will be more challenging stuff as well.
"I just don't want anyone to be confused by the fact that I will be challenging them," they continue. "My albums have all continuously sold here [in the UK] but I know my middle albums won't have the same level of familiarity in New Zealand so it's a good idea to hit YouTube before you come, even though I do plenty of 80s stuff."
"But for me it's really important that people know what they're getting, because I'm not a nostalgia act," they say. "I am a working artist and I have stayed creative over the years to lesser or greater degrees, so you can't expect to turn up and get an X-Factor set. That's not what I'm about."
What this basically translates to is that no, sorry, they won't be singing what is arguably their biggest hit.
"I won't sing Invisible," they say. "I won't sing it because I don't like the language, I can't relate to the lyric and I don't like how it feels on my physically.
"People get upset about it because they think you're dissing their choices. But I can only liken it to your first boyfriend or something like that. This is someone who is a wonderful person, who deserves all the love in the world and you hope he's really happy somewhere ... you just never want to shag them again.
"This doesn't denounce the fact that somewhere that person really belongs. That's how I feel about some old songs. I'm not dissing anybody, it's just that I'm not intimate with them anymore. That doesn't mean to say they've become invalid ... it just means they don't touch me. If they touch you, brilliant. There's no shame in that. It's brilliant. Listen to the record. I ain't f***ing playing it."
They burst out laughing, which happens frequently, and to be fair, while their vocal performance remains phenomenal on that track, the actual sound of Invisible, all overblown 80s schlock, has dated terribly.
Besides, as they say, the trade-off is that they will perform the hits of Yazoo, whose early New Wave electronic sound has been hugely influential and therefore remains much more relevant.
"It's unarguably a fair exchange," they say.
With those early Yazoo albums and now their new albums being raved about, I ask if they feel at home within the realm of electronica.
"It's not so much I feel at home with it, I spend far too much time in my own head so I'm at home wherever I'm thinking," they say.
But there is something in how their remarkable voice, a powerful and formidable, smouldering, deep blues husk, sounds so right over the cold artificiality of bubbling synths and robotic drums.
"There's something about my voice that's quite wooden, it's quite fibrous," they say. "When you put it together with other wood instruments and you go up in volume, you lose a lot of the fibre of the voice. The nice thing about singing to electronica is that it's like dropping water on Formica ... you get all the shapes, you can hear all the shapes within it."
"What I like about electronica is that you are able to tie in vastly varying styles of music and make them connect. It all gets tied together by the connecting sound of electronica. I can sing a blues song, I can sing something edgy, I can sing anything."
Just don't ask them to sing Invisible, okay?
LOWDOWN
Who: Alison Moyet
What: Touring Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch with support act Hollie Smith
When: Plays Auckland's ASB Theatre, Saturday, 14 October
End
-- HCL Technologies (http://www.hcltech.com/)(HCL), a leading global IT services company, today announced the renewal of its transformational IT services engagement with Singapore Exchange for another five years. Singapore Exchange is Asia's leading and trusted market infrastructure, operating equity, fixed income and derivatives markets to the highest regulatory standards.Expanding the scope from the earlier year 2010 engagement covering IT infrastructure, data center services and IT management, the new contract includes transformational IT services in a managed service construct – spanning IT infrastructure, end–user computing, data center, cloud services, workplace transformation, managed networks, enterprise security and GRC. HCL will leverage its DRYiCEAutonomics and Orchestration Platform, driving business efficiency, productivity gains and end–user experience."We are pleased to extend our relationship with Singapore Exchange as their trusted, long-term IT partner," said. "The renewed engagement promises a very exciting journey for both HCL and Singapore Exchange as it leverages automation, collaboration, machine learning, analytics and cloud for driving agility, flexibility and enhanced member experience. We look forward to a continued, mutually beneficial relationship, driving business innovation and IT transformation for Singapore Exchange."HCL is a global leader in IT infrastructure services with the competency to execute large–scale, complex IT infrastructure transformation projects. For the 21st Century Enterprise, HCL offers next–generation IT infrastructure services, leveraging automation, artificial intelligence, analytics and cloud to build service–oriented, future–ready IT infrastructure for clients. With its thrust on creating real value for customers, HCL focuses on taking 'Relationships Beyond the Contract (RBtC)', building long–term, mutually beneficial associations with its enterprise customers.
(Corrects to read 241 million crowns, paragraph 15)
By Teis Jensen
COPENHAGEN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Danske Bank on Friday beat fourth-quarter pretax profit expectations, warned of a lower net result in 2018 but said it planned to increase its dividend payouts.
Its pretax profit of 6.73 billion crowns topped the 6.45 billion expected by analysts in a Reuters poll.
This year, Denmark's largest bank said it expected a net profit of 18 to 20 billion Danish crowns ($3.0-3.4 billion), down from a record-high 20.9 billion 2017 net result. Analysts have forecast a 2018 result of 19.9 billion.
“We experienced a positive development across our business units, which in many areas led to good increases in the number of customers and lending,” Chief Executive Thomas Borgen said in a statement regarding the final quarter of 2017.
Danske's board proposed a dividend of 10 crowns per share, roughly in line with the 10.1 crowns expected by analysts.
The bank said that in future it would raise its dividend payout ratio to 40-60 percent of net profit from 40-50 percent.
The bank also announced a share buyback programme of 10 billion crowns this year, roughly in line with the 9.84 billion expected by analysts.
It said it aims “to rank in the top three among major Nordic peers in terms of return on shareholders' equity”.
Formerly it had said it would aim for a return on shareholders' equity of 12.5 percent.
The bank has had a run of strong quarters, helped by Denmark's low interest rates, rising house prices and improved profitability in the farming sector.
In November, Danske raised its 2017 net result guidance for the second time to the 19-21 billion crowns range.
The bank increased lending in Sweden and Norway in 2017, aided partly by an agreement with Sweden's TCO trade union.
But Denmark's central bank has warned of risks facing the country's banks from low interest rates, rising property prices and easy credit terms for corporate borrowers.
The central bank said in November that several indicators suggested risks were building up in the financial system, and that some of the largest banks did not have sufficient capital to meet buffer requirements.
Danske Bank's loan impairment charges showed a net reversal of 241 million crowns in the fourth quarter, marking a fifth consecutive quarter with net reversals.
Analysts have warned that a drop in pork prices might begin to squeeze some Danish farmers' profits and increase Danske Bank's writedowns slightly from their current very low levels.
Danske Bank's exposure to the farming sector represented 2.4 of its total group exposure according to its third-quarter report, but more than 16 percent of its total impairment charges.
Rival Ringkjoebing Landbobank said this week there were “darker clouds” over the farming sector.
($1 = 5.9593 Danish crowns)
April 10 TCL Corp :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 54 percent to 73 percent, or to be 400 million yuan to 450 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 260.6 million yuan
* Says increased sale price of core products, steady growth in main business sectors and increased financial revenue as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/4ijmbG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ross Brawn has acknowledged that formula one cars must lose weight.
While laptimes are currently impressive, F1 figures including Robert Kubica and Paddy Lowe have said the way the cars have become heavier over the last decade is not positive.
F1 sporting boss Ross Brawn admits: "The weight of the cars will be reduced.
"The heavier the car, the more it wears out the tyres and consumes the fuel," they told Auto Motor und Sport.
"Given the hybrid technology, it's unrealistic to return to 500kg, but where we are at the moment - 733kg - is too much," Brawn admitted. "It's not that different to sports cars."
Fast-moving lava is advancing to another part of a rural Big Island district where Kilauea volcano is erupting, officials said Wednesday in advising those residents to evacuate.
Lava has also reached the walls of the Puna Geothermal Venture Plant, and has covered one of the wells.
Lava continues to advance toward subdivisions in the Puna district. Those in Kapoho Beach Lots, Vacationland and Waa Waa were being advised to evacuate, the Hawaii County Civil Defense agency said.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners," the agency advised the public, referring to the area where two highways intersect.
Lava crossed Highway 132, which connects the commercial center with smaller towns and farms in the area, authorities said Tuesday. Hawaii County officials said lava destroyed the local electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots neighborhoods toward the coast.
Officials ordered about 2,000 residents of Leilani Estates and nearby areas to evacuate when fissures began opening in the communities earlier this month.
The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory said vigorous eruption continues from the series of vents.
Lava from one fissure created fountains Tuesday night and into Wednesday morning that reached over 200 feet (61m). The fountains fed a lava flow that moved downslope along Highway 132, the observatory said.
The flow moved north of the highway and was headed to the area where Highway 132 and Highway 137 intersect.
Aerial observations from the U.S. Geological Survey on Wednesday morning showed lava from a fissure with 0.65 miles (1.04km) of Highway 137 and was advancing at about 100 yards (91.44m) per hour.
Lava from another fissure was about 2.8 miles (4.5km) above the intersection and was advancing in pauses and surges of about 600 yards (548.64m) per hour, scientists said.
Strands of volcanic glass, known as Pele's hair named for the Hawaiian volcano goddess, were accumulating on the ground in Leilani Estates, and winds may blow lighter particles farther away, scientists said.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May's governing Conservative party has a 17 point lead over Labour, an Opinium poll showed on Saturday, slightly down from last week as support for smaller parties slipped.
The Conservatives were on 47 percent, up 2 points from last week, while the main opposition Labour Party gained 4 points to 30 percent - still putting the Conservatives on course for a sweeping victory in June's national election.
Support for the pro-EU Liberal Democrats fell 3 points to 8 percent, and for the eurosceptic UKIP by 2 points to 7 percent.
The poll was conducted on April 25. The number of respondents was not immediately available.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by John Stonestreet)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
March 30 Prometic Life Sciences Inc:
* Prometic Life Sciences Inc - entered into a binding memorandum of terms with Shenzhen Royal Asset Management to establish a joint venture
* Prometic Life Sciences Inc - prometic to own 75pct of joint venture following SRAM'S $33 million investment
* Prometic Life Sciences - to establish JV for development, manufacture and commercialization of PBI-4050, PBI-4547 and PBI-4425 in China
* Prometic Life Sciences - SRAM will provide $23 million in 2017, to secure an initial 17pct ownership of prometic chinaco
* Prometic Life Sciences Inc - SRAM will have right to increase ownership in prometic chinaco to up to 25pct with further $10 million investment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
​The recently published report titled ​Global Hyper Cars Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Hyper Cars Market considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Hyper Cars Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Hyper Cars Market. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Hyper Cars Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Hyper Cars Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360256
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Hyper Cars Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Hyper Cars Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Hyper Cars Sales Market Report 2018
1 Hyper Cars Market Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hyper Cars
1.2 Classification of Hyper Cars by Product Category
1.2.1 Global Hyper Cars Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2013-2025)
1.2.2 Global Hyper Cars Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2017
1.2.3 Fuel Type
1.2.4 Electric Type
1.2.5 Hybrid Type
1.3 Global Hyper Cars Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2013-2025)
1.3.2 Transportation
1.3.3 Racing Competition
1.3.4 Entertainment
1.3.5 Other
1.4 Global Hyper Cars Market by Region
1.4.1 Global Hyper Cars Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2013-2025)
1.4.2 United States Hyper Cars Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.3 China Hyper Cars Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.4 Europe Hyper Cars Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.5 Japan Hyper Cars Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.6 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.7 India Hyper Cars Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Hyper Cars (2013-2025)
1.5.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2025)
1.5.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2025)
2 Global Hyper Cars Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application
2.1 Global Hyper Cars Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.1.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.2 Global Hyper Cars (Volume and Value) by Type
2.2.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
2.2.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
2.3 Global Hyper Cars (Volume and Value) by Region
2.3.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales and Market Share by Region (2013-2018)
2.3.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue and Market Share by Region (2013-2018)
2.4 Global Hyper Cars (Volume) by Application
3 United States Hyper Cars (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
3.1 United States Hyper Cars Sales and Value (2013-2018)
3.1.1 United States Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
3.1.2 United States Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
3.1.3 United States Hyper Cars Sales Price Trend (2013-2018)
3.2 United States Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Players (2013-2018)
3.3 United States Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
3.4 United States Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
4 China Hyper Cars (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
4.1 China Hyper Cars Sales and Value (2013-2018)
4.1.1 China Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
4.1.2 China Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
4.1.3 China Hyper Cars Sales Price Trend (2013-2018)
4.2 China Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Players (2013-2018)
4.3 China Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
4.4 China Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
5 Europe Hyper Cars (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
5.1 Europe Hyper Cars Sales and Value (2013-2018)
5.1.1 Europe Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
5.1.2 Europe Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
5.1.3 Europe Hyper Cars Sales Price Trend (2013-2018)
5.2 Europe Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Players (2013-2018)
5.3 Europe Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
5.4 Europe Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
6 Japan Hyper Cars (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
6.1 Japan Hyper Cars Sales and Value (2013-2018)
6.1.1 Japan Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
6.1.2 Japan Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
6.1.3 Japan Hyper Cars Sales Price Trend (2013-2018)
6.2 Japan Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Players (2013-2018)
6.3 Japan Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
6.4 Japan Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
7 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
7.1 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales and Value (2013-2018)
7.1.1 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
7.1.2 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
7.1.3 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales Price Trend (2013-2018)
7.2 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Players (2013-2018)
7.3 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
7.4 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
8 India Hyper Cars (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
8.1 India Hyper Cars Sales and Value (2013-2018)
8.1.1 India Hyper Cars Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
8.1.2 India Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2018)
8.1.3 India Hyper Cars Sales Price Trend (2013-2018)
8.2 India Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Players (2013-2018)
8.3 India Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
8.4 India Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
9 Global Hyper Cars Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data
9.1 Ferrari
9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.1.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.1.2.1 Product A
9.1.2.2 Product B
9.1.3 Ferrari Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.2 Porsche
9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.2.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.2.2.1 Product A
9.2.2.2 Product B
9.2.3 Porsche Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.3 Automobili Lamborghini
9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.3.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.3.2.1 Product A
9.3.2.2 Product B
9.3.3 Automobili Lamborghini Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.4 Koenigsegg
9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.4.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.4.2.1 Product A
9.4.2.2 Product B
9.4.3 Koenigsegg Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.5 Pagani Automobili
9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.5.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.5.2.1 Product A
9.5.2.2 Product B
9.5.3 Pagani Automobili Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.6 Bugatti
9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.6.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.6.2.1 Product A
9.6.2.2 Product B
9.6.3 Bugatti Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.7 Maserati
9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.7.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.7.2.1 Product A
9.7.2.2 Product B
9.7.3 Maserati Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.8 Daimler Group
9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.8.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.8.2.1 Product A
9.8.2.2 Product B
9.8.3 Daimler Group Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.9 Hennessey Performance Engineering
9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.9.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.9.2.1 Product A
9.9.2.2 Product B
9.9.3 Hennessey Performance Engineering Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.10 McLaren
9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
9.10.2 Hyper Cars Product Category, Application and Specification
9.10.2.1 Product A
9.10.2.2 Product B
9.10.3 McLaren Hyper Cars Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview
9.11 Zenvo
10 Hyper Cars Maufacturing Cost Analysis
10.1 Hyper Cars Key Raw Materials Analysis
10.1.1 Key Raw Materials
10.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials
10.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials
10.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials
10.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure
10.2.1 Raw Materials
10.2.2 Labor Cost
10.2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Hyper Cars
10.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Hyper Cars
11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
11.1 Hyper Cars Industrial Chain Analysis
11.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing
11.3 Raw Materials Sources of Hyper Cars Major Manufacturers in 2017
11.4 Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
12.1 Marketing Channel
12.1.1 Direct Marketing
12.1.2 Indirect Marketing
12.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend
12.2 Market Positioning
12.2.1 Pricing Strategy
12.2.2 Brand Strategy
12.2.3 Target Client
12.3 Distributors/Traders List
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
13.1 Technology Progress/Risk
13.1.1 Substitutes Threat
13.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry
13.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change
13.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change
14 Global Hyper Cars Market Forecast (2018-2025)
14.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Price Forecast (2018-2025)
14.1.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.1.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.1.3 Global Hyper Cars Price and Trend Forecast (2018-2025)
14.2 Global Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast by Region (2018-2025)
14.2.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales Volume and Growth Rate Forecast by Regions (2018-2025)
14.2.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast by Regions (2018-2025)
14.2.3 United States Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.2.4 China Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.2.5 Europe Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.2.6 Japan Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.2.7 Southeast Asia Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.2.8 India Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2018-2025)
14.3 Global Hyper Cars Sales Volume, Revenue and Price Forecast by Type (2018-2025)
14.3.1 Global Hyper Cars Sales Forecast by Type (2018-2025)
14.3.2 Global Hyper Cars Revenue Forecast by Type (2018-2025)
14.3.3 Global Hyper Cars Price Forecast by Type (2018-2025)
14.4 Global Hyper Cars Sales Volume Forecast by Application (2018-2025)
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology/Research Approach
16.1.1 Research Programs/Design
16.1.2 Market Size Estimation
16.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
16.2 Data Source
16.2.1 Secondary Sources
16.2.2 Primary Sources
16.3 Disclaimer
To Purchase this Premium Report: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360256
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
March 29 Amica SA:
* Said on Tuesday that it has risen its stake in Societe Industrielle D'Equipement Moderne Sideme (Sideme) to 100 pct from 39.29 pct
* On March 22 it acquired 21.41 pct of Sideme for 1.6 million euros ($1.73 million) from England-based Crosslee PLC
* On March 28 it bought 39.29 pct of Sideme for 2.2 million euros from Electrolux France SAS
* Sideme is a distributor of household appliances on the French market
* The company has also sold 100 shares in Sideme to Amica Handel i Marketing as according to the French law, each company has to have at least two shareholders
* Amica owns 100 pct of Amica Handel i Marketing
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9252 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bob Fisher
SWALEDALE — A Swaledale man is dead after an accident south of Swaledale on Saturday morning.
Authorities say the accident happened on Jonquil Avenue north of 130th Street in Cerro Gordo County. The Iowa State Patrol says a northbound vehicle went off the road to the right, went into the ditch and rolled multiple times, throwing the driver from the vehicle.
42-year-old Troy Smeby was killed due to the accident. The State Patrol says Smeby was not wearing a seat belt at the time.
SIENA, Italy, April 12 Monte dei Paschi di Siena is still negotiating with the European Commission how many jobs the bank will have to cut to be allowed to receive state aid, Chief Executive Marco Morelli said on Wednesday.
Morellli's own business plan, unveiled in October, envisaged 2,600 layoffs but they said the restructuring plan that will be agreed with Brussels will have "a much more stringent approach" in terms of cost and revenue targets.
Morelli told a shareholder meeting they did not know what the final number of job cuts would be. (Reporting by Silvia Aloisi; editing by Francesca Landini)
LIMA A train that transports minerals from Peru's central region to the Pacific Coast was due to start running again on Saturday after flood-related damage was repaired, President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said.
Producers of zinc, silver and copper like Volcan Compania Minera SAA (VOL_pb.LM) declared force majeure on exports after the train stopped running on March 20.
"We have come to see the reconnection of the train, which will happen tonight," Kuczynski while visiting the tracks. More than a hundred people have been killed in an unusually brutal rainy season in Peru, the world's No. 3 producer of zinc and second-largest copper producer.
(Reporting by Teresa Cespedes; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Tom Brown)
March 30 Dynacor Gold Mines Inc:
* Dynacor completes 2016 with a net income of us$ 3.3 m
* Dynacor Gold Mines Inc - qtrly earnings per share $0.01
* Dynacor Gold Mines Inc - objective for 2017 is to control production costs and ramp up production at Veta Dorada plant to its actual 300 TPD capacity
* Dynacor Gold Mines Inc - production objective under ore porcessing has been announced at between 88,000 and 92,000 ounces of gold for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Limerick FC 0 Shamrock Rovers 1
Scoring chances were few and far between at the Market's Field on Monday evening and fittingly it took a penalty to separate the sides.
It went the way of Shamrock Rovers 15 minutes from the end when Ronan Finn was hauled down and Graham Burke blasted the spot kick past Brendan Clarke.
Rovers had the best of matters territorially and Burke headed over after five minutes with Finn just over with a 25-yard drive.
Limerick never threatened in that opening half but the home side's first chance fell to Conor Ellis who was hauled down but play was called back for off-side. Cantwell went close but their effort was just wide after 55 minutes.
A draw looked likely until Finn was toppled and the penalty decided the outcome as Rovers finished with 10 men when Sean Kavanagh was shown a straight red card near the end. A total of 1,348 fans paid in on a wickedly cold evening and they had little to cheer about.
Limerick: Clarke, Kelly (McGowan 76), Whitehead (Foley 86), Broudar, Dennehy, Coleman, Cantwell, Fitzgerald, Duggan, Cameron (O'Sullivan 62), Ellis.
Shamrock Rovers: Chenginiski, Boyle, Lopez, Grace, Finn, Kavanagh, Shaw (Carr 64), Coustrain (Mielle 72), Clarke, Burke (Byrne 96), Bone.
Referee: G Kelly, Cork.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - Estee Lauder Cos Inc (EL.N) reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales on Friday on strong demand for Too Faced and Becca products and customisable gifts, and the company raised its 2018 full-year adjusted earnings per share forecast.
However, net income fell to $123 million, or 33 cents per share, in the second quarter ended Dec. 31, from $428 million, or $1.15 per share, a year earlier.
The company incurred a one-time tax charge of $394 million following the recently passed U.S. tax bill.
The cosmetics maker raised its 2018 full-year adjusted profit forecast to $4.27-$4.32 per share, thanks to its robust retail travel segment, which includes sales in duty-free stores and tourist department stores like Harrods, House of Fraser and Le Bon Marche.
It had earlier expected adjusted profit of $4.04-$4.12 per share.
Revenue was boosted by the acquisition of Too Faced and Becca Cosmetics, which added about 2 percentage points to sales growth.
Excluding certain items, the company earned $1.52 per share, beating analysts' average estimate of $1.44 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Sales rose 16.7 percent to $3.74 billion, beating analysts' estimate of $3.68 billion.
Shares of the New York City-based company rose 1.1 percent to $136 before the bell on Friday.
The logo of Ford is seen during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland March 8, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
LONDON U.S. carmaker Ford (F.N) said on Wednesday that Britain must secure a Brexit deal which includes full tariff-free access to the entire customs union of European countries, not just the 27 other members of the European Union.
Ford builds vans in Turkey, which is not part of the EU but is in the EU customs union.
"Any deal must include securing tariff-free trade with the wider Customs Union and not just the EU27, whilst retaining access to the best talent and resources," a spokesperson said ahead of the formal triggering of divorce talks.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Stephen Addison)
May 3 The New York Times Co swung to a quarterly profit from a loss a year earlier, as the newspaper publisher benefited from higher digital subscriptions that offset falling print sales.
Net income attributable to the company was $13.2 million or 8 cents per share in the first quarter of 2017, compared with a loss of $8.3 million or 5 cents per share, a year earlier.
"We added an astonishing 308,000 net digital news subscriptions, making Q1 the single best quarter for subscriber growth in our history," Chief Executive Mark Thompson said in a statement.
Revenue rose 5.1 percent to $398.8 million. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
A car waits to enter the financial district security zone near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
U.S. fund managers favored equities in March, a Reuters poll showed on Friday, but with stock indexes trading near record highs they warned that most asset prices now look expensive.
The survey of 13 fund managers conducted between March 20 and March 30 showed global equity allocations accounted for 56.5 percent of the model portfolio. Bond allocations came to 33.8 percent.
The latest recommendations are a big move up in stocks and a cutback in bond allocations compared with the previous month's poll. But that change is principally because a few new contributors have been added to the panel and others removed.
However, average equity allocations remain relatively modest given where indexes are trading. It has been about four years since they were last above 60 percent for equities and about 30 percent bonds - a more common split in the past.
For several years, stock and bond prices have broadly risen in tandem - against conventional wisdom - driven by large amounts of cash being poured into bond-buying by central banks, leaving most asset classes looking stretched.
"From our perspective, there aren't too many attractively valued assets right now. Equities are modestly overvalued (but) we wouldn't say significantly overvalued," BMO Global Asset Management senior investment strategist, Jon Adams, said.
"Equities have been a strong position for us and delivered a great performance for the past year. But we've become more concerned that we have come too far, too fast over the last year."
That assessment is in line with a separate Reuters poll of ever-bullish equity strategists and brokers. They expect stock markets to keep rising but also say developed market share prices are looking expensive, and those major indexes are due for a correction of 10 percent or more this year. [EPOLL/WRAP]
Global stocks have rallied this year so far with U.S. indexes hitting almost daily record highs recently. The benchmark Standard and Poor's 500 market capitalization hurdled $20 trillion for the first time last month.
The general rush into stock markets has also coincided in part with economic optimism on the view that world economy is in a synchronous upturn.
But bond yields have not risen significantly higher even as the U.S. Federal Reserve ramped up the glacial pace of its rate rises this month and is expected to deliver at least two more this year. [FED/R]
That is in step with the outlook for bond markets, where fixed-income strategists as a whole in a separate Reuters poll were not very concerned about global inflation. [US/INT]
More recently, growing doubts about the Trump administration's ability to pass sweeping tax cuts have also pushed Treasury bond prices higher on the view that growth and inflation will remain subdued.
U.S. fund managers are also sounding cautious on European assets, with elections this year in France and Germany. Strong far-right support may mean an upset for establishment politics.
"We are concerned about Europe. Our key tactical view right now is being overweight U.S. equities relative to international developed equities," BMO's Adams said. "More specifically, we have a positive view on the U.S. versus Europe."
(Additional reporting and polling by Rahul Karunakar and Sujith Pai in Bengaluru; Editing by Ross Finley and Louise Ireland)
March 31 BioAmber Inc:
* BioAmber announces CFO transition
* Says Raymond J. Land appointed interim CFO
* BioAmber Inc - BioAmber intends to initiate a search for a replacement CFO
* BioAmber says entered into mutual separation agreement with Mario Saucier, in connection with departure from their role of CFO effective March 28, 2017
* BioAmber - entered into a mutual separation agreement with Mario Saucier, in connection with their departure from their role of CFO effective March 28, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON/FRANKFURT, April 6 Banks are preparing leveraged loans to back the roughly $1 billion buyout of German auto supplier ZF's Body Control Systems unit, banking sources told LPC on Thursday.
The lenders are putting together financing packages of around $775 million, equating to 5 times Body Controls' roughly $155 million in adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, they said.
Confirmatory bids are due just before Easter, sources close to the matter told Reuters, adding that some Chinese groups as well as buyout firms such as Bain Capital are expected to hand in offers.
A spokesperson for ZF referred to comments made by Chief Executive Stefan Sommer last week, where they said they expected ZF's Body Controls unit to be sold this year, and that at this stage of the sales process the level of interest in the asset was high.
Some other initial bidders such as India's Motherson and China's FountainVest are expected to steer clear of further participating in the auction, the sources added to Reuters.
The companies declined to comment or were not immediately available for comment.
ZF last year launched the sale of its Body Control division as it seeks to shed assets it no longer deems essential after its takeover of rival TRW.
The unit makes electronic parts for the vehicle command and control such as switches, heating and air conditioning controls and displays, integrated electronic centre panels and modular steering column controls. (Reporting by Claire Ruckin and Arno Schuetze, additional reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Toby Davis)
The Nigeria Volleyball Federation (NVBF) has announced the names of 15 players to represent the country at the forthcoming African Women Nations Cup in Cameroon.
The tournament, otherwise known as the African Women's Volleyball Championship, is scheduled to hold between Saturday and Oct. 15.
Kehinde Lamidi, the Chairman of NVBF's Media and Publicity Committee, said in a statement that the team was expected to leave Nigeria on yesterday for Cameroon.
Lamidi said the qualifiers would determine Africa's representative at the 2018 Women's World Cup in Japan.
“The Nigerian team will feature alongside other countries such as hosts Cameroon, Algeria, Ghana and Cape Verde.
“Others are Egypt, Botswana, Tunisia, Chad, Congo DR, Kenya, Zambia and Senegal,” they said.
In the statement, the team's Head Coach, Usman Abdalah, said Nigeria was parading youthful players whom they believed were capable of making the nation proud by winning the World Cup ticket.
The team list has Ladi Jalmet, Verere Oyearone, Theresa Okonma, Aisha Umaru, Chinenye Nwosu, Esther Dusu, Albertina Francis, Mercy Promise, Agera Prescilia, and Francisca Ikhiede.
The rest of the players are Comfort Amaonwu, Kelechi Iwobi, Mary John and Mary Ali.
Oyearone and Promise are the only foreign-based players invited by Abdallah to fortify the team.
Meanwhile, the President of NVBF, Musa Nimrod, has lauded the efforts of the Federation's Technical Committee in the team selection process.
They charged the players and coaches to be good ambassadors of the country at the championship.
“I have confidence in the team winning a World Cup ticket in Cameroon, having done well in the previous qualifiers,” Nimrod said.
They assured the players of the Federation's continued support for the team.
May 3 Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.6 yuan per share (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 8, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-dividend on May 9 and the dividend will be paid on May 9
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/sOugk3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – More than 2,000 people are waiting for public housing in Aiken County.
The Deputy Director of the Aiken Housing Authority says there's not enough transitional and affordable housing in this are.
Without the needed facilities many people end up homeless.
“One of the things I try to emphasize is based on our current waiting list, we have over 1,500 individuals on our waiting list that's waiting to be housed and we can't house those individuals within a one year time frame.” Chanosha Lawton, Deputy Director of the Aiken Housing Authority, said. “So that creates a bigger need for our community.”
City leaders are looking at way they can create more housing for homeless families.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PSEG Energy Solutions:
* PSEG ENERGY SOLUTIONS GAINS LICENSE TO OPERATE IN MARYLAND
* SAYS RECEIVED APPROVAL TO OPERATE AS A RETAIL ELECTRICITY SUPPLIER IN STATE OF MARYLAND Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
As modern Homo sapiens of the Earth's Northern Hemisphere, we here in Sonoma County tend to start celebrating the summer in late May or early June — basically the first moment we can step outdoors without wearing our heavy winter jackets.
Technically, of course, summer does not really begin until Summer Solstice, when the sun - our very own hard-working, 4.5-billion-year-old ball of molten space plasma — is as close to the Earth as it's going to get, and the day is as long as it can possibly be (14 hours, 49 minutes, in our case).
In other words, summer started Thursday, June 21.
And it's going to end on Saturday, Sept. 22, technically the first day of autumn.
This means that while the sun — technically a G-type main-sequence star, aka a “yellow dwarf” — keeps on keeping on with its important daily work of fusing 620,000,000 tons of hydrogen every single second, we here on Earth can confidently romp about in its radiant light by day, and venture off to parties, concerts, campfires and cookouts during the relatively short, warm nights, all the time knowing we have 11 whole weeks of that heat and light and happiness and beauty left to enjoy.
So let's get on with it.
Here, to assist in your solar celebrations, are a number of cool things to do, see and eat in Petaluma and beyond, while summer is still ours to enjoy.
WINE COUNTRY BIG Q
Saturday, July 7, Noon to 6 p.m.
Petaluma Fairgrounds
This lavish barbecue competition and festival — complete with rock and blues music and other entertainment, plus plenty of wine and beer and crafts cider — is sponsored by the Kansas City Barbecue Society. Some of the best barbecue pit-masters in the country will be in town for the shindig, serving up tasty slices of their best sweet, savory and/or spicy recipes. The event benefits Sonoma County Vet Connect a locally-based nonprofit assisting vets in locating services they might need. Tickets are $20 to $75, available at the gate or in advance through WineCountryBigQ.com.
Want to know more? Visit WineCountryBigQ.com.
TWO ROCK FIRE DEPARTMENT PANCAKE BREAKFAST
Sunday, July 8. 7 a.m. to noon
Two Rock Social Hall
Nothing goes better with an early morning pancake breakfast than a fire department fundraiser. There's just something about the thought of a nice, fluffy stack of hotcakes that makes a lot of us think, ‘I wonder if there are any firefighters I can make a donation to, and are scrambled eggs and ham involved?' Well, the Two Rock Volunteer Fire Department has the answer to that question. Their own annual pancake breakfast takes place at the Two Rock Social Hall, 7618 Valley Ford Rd., this Sunday morning. And yes, along with the pancakes are eggs, ham, juice, coffee and milk (all from local dairies and farms), plus fun raffle prizes and a 4-H bake sale (because nothin goes better with pancakes and fire departments than a nice, fresh pie. Adults $10. Kids $5.
Want to know more? TwoRockFire.com.
ART & GARDEN FESTIVAL
Sunday, July 8, 11 a.m. to 5 pm.
Downtown Petaluma
One of Petaluma's biggest annual street events, the Petaluma Art & Garden Festival will mark its 17th year this July, with multiple music stages, endless food and drink purveyors, and over 145 painters, sculptors, artisans and crafts-persons ready to show off their masterpieces.
* French yields hit lowest since mid-Jan
* Further falls expected if Macron wins TV debate
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By John Geddie
LONDON, May 3 A televised debate between France's presidential rivals on Wednesday could compound expectations for many investors that centrist Emmanuel Macron will topple far-right eurosceptic Marine Le Pen at a weekend run-off.
French government bond yields fell to their lowest since mid-January, while the gap to German bond yields -- a closely-watched gauge of political risk -- held near its lowest level since December, and the euro held near its highest in six months ahead of the evening debate.
Analysts said markets could rally further if Macron, who already holds a 20 point lead over Le Pen in the polls with just four days to go before the vote, wins Wednesday's encounter.
"We think European government bond markets could be tempted to start pricing a Macron victory in the last days of the week but this is likely to wait at least until the outcome of the debate tonight," Mizuho's head of euro rates strategy Peter Chatwell said.
Though Le Pen has a mountain to climb to catch Macron, the 2017 campaign for the Elysee has been packed with surprises, the exchanges between the two have become noticeably sharper and the 48-year-old National Front veteran has shown they are capable of catching them out with clever public relations manoeuvring.
Macron warned they would not pull their punches on Wednesday against a rival whose policies -- which include ditching the euro currency and impose sharp curbs on immigration -- they say are dangerous for France.
Macron finished only three points ahead of Le Pen in the first round on April 23, but they are widely expected now to pick the bulk of votes from the Socialists and the centre-right whose candidates were eliminated.
French 10-year bond yields fell 1 basis point on Wednesday to 0.738 percent, its lowest levels seen since mid-January.
The gap to German equivalents stood at around 43 basis points, near levels last seen in December.
Analysts are expecting further tightening of around 10 basis points if Macron triumphs in Sunday's vote. But if investors are convinced after tonight's debate, some of that may come in the last couple of trading days before the election, they said.
"If Le Pen fails to perform unambiguously better than their liberal rival (at the debate), this crossing of swords could already decide the battle in Macron's favour," DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz said.
Aside from the French election, investors will also be keeping an eye on a meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve at which it may hint it is on track for a rate hike in June.
The central bank is scheduled to release its policy decision at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) at the conclusion of its two-day meeting. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is not due to hold a press conference.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Richard Balmforth)
March 31 Medikit Co Ltd:
* Says it has obtained the manufacturing and sales approval of Diamondback360 Coronary Orbital Atherectomy System in Japan on March 21
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/BBsqfT
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Uma Thurman has finally spoken out against Harvey Weinstein after hinting for months that they were one of the movie mogul's alleged victims.
In an article in The New York Times on Saturday, Thurman, 47, describes several incidents in which Weinstein forced themselves on them in a London hotel room on one occasion and that they led them into a steam room in Paris in another incident but backed away when they asked them what they were doing.
They say the most aggressive encounter, which took place at London's Savoy Hotel some time between 1994 and 2002, felt like 'a bat to the head'.
'It was such a bat to the head. They pushed me down. They tried to shove themselves on me.
Advertisement
'He tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me.
'You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not their track,' they said.
Within hours of their claims becoming public, British police sources said they had launched investigations into two additional sexual assaults Weinstein is accused of.
It is not known if theirs is one of the new claims they are probing.
Weinstein admitted the Paris incident but told DailyMail.com the claims they had physically assaulted them were untrue.
Dispute with Tarantino
On Saturday, Thurman also described a years-long dispute they have had with Quentin Tarantino, with whom they formed one of the most iconic actors/director duos, over an accidental car crash which happened when they were filming Kill Bill in 2002.
They allege that Tarantino pressured them into performing a driving stunt in an unsafe care which they were reluctant to take the wheel of. They crashed while filming and injured their neck as a result.
Thurman has been trying for years to obtain raw footage of the crash from Miramax but they have always refused.
Tarantino eventually 'atoned' and gave it to them recently, and they are now trying to hold Miramax accountable for it.
Tarantino's representatives did not respond to DailyMail.com on Saturday and Miramax has not commented on the footage.
Uma Thurman in Kill Bill, directed by Quentin Tarantino.
The first Weinstein incident was in Paris after they had appeared in Pulp Fiction in 1994, which Miramax produced.
They and Weinstein got to know each other after the film was released. It won them and Miramax critical acclaim and was a standout role for Thurman.
They had gotten to know each other well before the first inappropriate encounter in a Paris hotel they said. At the time, Weinstein was married to their wife Eve and they were with Ethan Hawke.
They took them into a steam room while they were dressed 'in full leather' and they in a robe. Weinstein became embarrassed when they asked them what they were doing.
'I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, "This is ridiculous, what are you doing?" And they were getting very flustered and mad and they jumped up and ran out,' they said.
The London incident followed, they said.
Harvey Weinstein has admitted the Paris incident but said the claims they had physically assaulted Thurman were untrue.
The day after that alleged attack, Thurman claims they sent them an ostentatious bouquet of yellow roses the next day with a note which said: 'You have great instincts.'
They returned to the hotel the next day to confront him, taking with them a male friend for protection.
Weinstein would not meet them in the bar so they went up to their room at their request, they recalled, and scolded them over what they had done.
'If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you,' they said they told him.
Weinstein appeared to corroborate their version of this conversation, telling the Times: 'She very well could have said this.'
They acknowledged the Paris incident, saying that they 'made a pass after misreading their signals' but did not comment on the London claims - when they are alleged of throwing themselves on them
The 65-year-old, who has been taking refuge in Arizona since the scandal about them broke in October, has consistently denied the accusations of countless women who say they raped, attacked or harassed them.
For years afterwards, they were forced to see Weinstein and promote their work together against them will.
They told Tarantino about what had happened and they confronted Weinstein, they said.
Weinstein admitted the incident, they claimed, and apologised.
'At some point, their eyes changed and they went from aggressive to ashamed. I just walked away stunned, like "OK, well there's my half-a**ed apology,"" they said.
Weinstein confirmed to the Times that they apologised to Thurman.
Thurman had been silent on the issue as other actores spoke out en masse against Weinstein.
They said they were 'angry' about the scandal when asked about it on the red carpet but did not give other clues.
On Thanksgiving, they shared an Instagram post revealing that they would speak out about it but was not ready to share their experience publicly.
'I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo in case you couldn't tell by the look on my face,' they wrote.
LONDON Central bankers can learn from the computer gaming industry as they try to communicate with a public that often has little idea what they do, the Bank of England's chief economist Andy Haldane said.
Central banks around the world have played a key role since the global financial began nearly 10 years ago, cutting interest rates to zero or below and buying trillions of dollars in bonds to keep their economies afloat.
But many people do not understand the role of institutions such as the U.S. Federal Reserve or the Bank of England, Haldane said in a speech on Friday.
"Given the policy weight these days being placed on central banks' shoulders, and the changing social and technological landscape facing them, it is probably as good a time as any to begin exploring these new frontiers of central bank engagement," they told a conference at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
Haldane said central bankers needed to communicate in simpler language, find ways of personalising their message and use new technologies to better understand the views and behaviors of wider society.
"For central banks, this is a brave new world," they said.
The use of gaming technology -- which allows millions of people to play interactive games such as World of Warcraft and Second Life -- could help central banks communicate with younger people who have proven hard to reach.
"Globally, around half of young adults aged 18-24 play games online. It might be time for central banks to start playing them at their own game," Haldane said.
They said an early version of the board game Monopoly was created more than 100 years ago to help people understand the risks of rising income inequality and wealth concentration.
"Monopoly remains as popular today as it was in the latter half of the 20th century," Haldane said.
"Were it virtual rather than physical, its multi-players measured in millions rather than fingers, its money from an interactive central banker rather than an inanimate piggy-banker, if people swapped stories as well as properties, perhaps this game could help address the 21st century's problems too."
(Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Richard Lough)
FILE PHOTO: Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) fighters stand at the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River, Syria March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
FILE PHOTO: Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) fighters gesture while posing on a damaged airplane inside Tabqa military airport after taking control of it from Islamic State fighters, west of Raqqa city, Syria April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
BEIRUT U.S.-backed forces fighting Islamic State in Syria took several neighbourhoods from the militant group in the town of Tabqa on Friday, they said in a statement, part of a campaign to oust Islamic State from its stronghold in Raqqa city.
The multi-phased campaign against the jihadists by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance made up of Syrian Kurdish and Arab fighting groups, was launched in November but has slowed in recent weeks.
Pushing down from the north, the SDF is trying to take the Islamic State-held Tabqa area and its adjacent Euphrates dam, the largest in Syria, some 40 km (25 miles) upstream of Raqqa.
SDF forces surround Tabqa town, having cut it off in late March from a swathe of Islamic State territory which runs across Syria into Iraq.
On Friday the SDF said it had pushed up into the town and taken the southern neighbourhoods of Nababila and Zahra, having taken Wahab neighbourhood to their south on Thursday.
In recent weeks the SDF has also squeezed Islamic State's pocket of territory around Raqqa, which the jihadist group has used as a base to plot attacks and manage much of its self-declared caliphate since seizing the city in 2014.
The Kurdish YPG militia is the strongest unit of the SDF and is taking part in the assault on Tabqa and Raqqa, but it is seen by Turkey as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a three-decade insurgency against Ankara.
On Tuesday the Turkish military conducted air strikes and cross-border shelling against YPG targets in Syria in what it said was retaliation for mortar attacks, prompting the U.S. State Department to voice concern. Sporadic clashes have continued along the border in recent days.
(Reporting by Lisa Barrington; Editing by Gareth Jones)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* Britain's Eggborough coal-fired power plant will close after it failed to secure a capacity agreement in this week's auction, the operator said
* “The power plant will continue to meet its obligations under the current capacity market contract, which runs through to the end of September 2018, but without a contract for future years it will cease to be economically viable to continue operations,” Eggborough Power Limited said in a statement.
* The power station was built in 1970 with an expected 25-year life span. It comprises four units and supplies 5 percent of the power in Britain, equivalent to powering about two million homes.
* A planning application is being progressed to develop a new 2,500 megawatt gas-fired power station (CCGT) at the site but it is expected that this would not be operational until the early 2020s. (Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by David Goodman)
April 13 Invacare Corp:
* Invacare Corp says received notification from u.s.fda that it accepted recent second certification report by co's third-party expert relating to design control requirements
* Invacare Corp- company may now resume design activities at corporate and Taylor street manufacturing facilities in Elyria, Ohio Source text - bit.ly/2ocFegQ Further company coverage:
Ayser Issa Musa, 21, an Iraqi displaced from the village of Khorsibad, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph as they wait for customers at Khazer camp east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. Aysar has turned their hand to fixing shoes to support their family of eight. 'My brothers and I are working in the camp to survive' they said. 'We receive little more than 5,000 Iraqi Dinars ($4.28) a day, but we have no other choice since we cannot return to our village.' They and their family fled after fighting destroyed their village, Khorsibad, north of Mosul. Like many others in the camp, they arrived with little cash and few possessions. They have had to fend for themselves. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Kamal Nofal, an Iraqi displaced from village of Khazer, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph as they sell seeds, sweets and some other items in front of their family tent at Khazer camp east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. 'I was a taxi driver before 2014 and everything was ok but Islamic State fighters shooed us out of the village to Mosul and confiscated our property.' They have been living in the camp for four months and earns between 7,000 and 8,000 dinars a day ($6 to $7). REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Ahmed Ali Abdullah, 31, an Iraqi displaced from Mosul's al-Shaimaa district, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph at the shaving shop where they work in the Khazer camp east of Mosul, Iraq, February 8, 2017. 'After Islamic State took control of Mosul in 2014, the situation became very bad and work became futile because people were prevented from shaving their beards and having haircuts... so most customers just shaved at homes out of fear of the Islamic State. I closed my shop and looked for work in the market,' Abdullah said. In the camp, they earn 10,000 dinars a day ($8.5) 'There is no water, no reliable electricity or cold weather, but it is more secure and stable than Mosul'. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Qassim Hassan Dawood, an Iraqi displaced from the village of Khorsabad, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph as they sell pickles and olives at Khazer camp east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. 'During the fighting, we hid in the bathroom for ten days until the area was liberated and then we rushed out towards the Iraqi forces. They helped us leave... to Khazer camp, which is like heaven compared to (life under) Islamic State.' Dawood says they earn 4,000 to 5,000 dinars a day ($3.43 to $4.29). 'We are more comfortable here. It is enough that my children and I feel safe.' REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Ahmed Mohamed Yassin, an Iraqi displaced from Aden district, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph next to their cigarette stand as they wait for potential customers at Khazer camp east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. 'When I was living in Mosul, I was selling cigarettes. Life was good, the markets were booming, but after Daesh came in 2014, they imposed taxes on all sectors under the pretext of Sharia. They confiscated a total of 16 million Iraqi dinars: I had nothing left but managed to escape and out of fear hid in my uncle's home for a week.' Yassin has been living in the camp for four months and is earning between 5,000 and 6,000 dinars a day ($4 to $5). 'It is an acceptable source of income.' REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Ahmed Saleh, an Iraqi displaced from the village of Khorsabad, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses at the restaurant where they work at Khazer camp east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. Saleh used to own a restaurant in their home town, which they and their family left in 2014 after the fighting intensified. They first took refuge in a quieter village, where Saleh worked in another restaurant. In the camp, they earn 20,000 dinars a day ($17). 'I can't see any future on the horizon, as I cannot continue to live in the camp and cannot return to my village,' they said. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Saleh Hassan Mohammed, an Iraqi displaced from the district of Hamdaniya, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses at the vegetable and fruit shop where they work at Khazer camp, east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. Once working in interior decoration, they left their home after Islamic State took control of Mosul in 2014. The family first took refuge to another village before settling in the camp. They earn 6,000 dinars a day ($5). REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Moataz Haitham Asi, 18, an Iraqi displaced from the village of Al Kweir, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph as they wait their customers to shave at Khazer camp, east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. 'I learned cutting hair from my father. I left school because I was worried about the ideas and curriculum which had been adopted in education,' Asi says, remembering their youth in Mosul. 'If a customer came to shave their hair or beard, we would put someone on the watch because we were worried one of the Islamic State people would come and arrest us.' In the camp, Asi works with their father and earns about 5,000 dinars a day ($4.29). REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Younis Mahmoud, 21, from the Bartella district in eastern Mosul, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, shaves their customer at Khazer camp, east of Mosul, Iraq, February 6, 2017. 'After Daesh took control of the city in 2014, haircuts became useless and the conditions of life very difficult... It was forbidden to shave the beard and you needed to follow some criteria to shave heads. They fined me and beat me up when I shaved the hair of one of the children with modern method.' Mahmoud works in the camp's main market and earns 8,000 to 10,000 dinars a day ($7 to $8.5). 'Life inside the camp is good and safe, but it's expensive.' REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Saif Ali Abdullah, 19, from Mosul's al-Shaimaa district, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family, poses for a photograph at the supermarket where they work in Khazer camp, east of Mosul, Iraq, February 8, 2017. 'During the recent battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State, I was shot in the head but divine care helped me and one of our neighbours who worked as a rescue worker in the civil defence also helped until we managed to get out with the help of the army.' Abdullah completed their treatment in the camp. After recovering their health, they found work in one of the camp's supermarket.  They are paid 'about 4,000 dinars ($3.4) a day'. Before Islamic State entered Mosul in 2014, they were a high-school student. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Rashed Al Mashhadani, 44, an Iraqi displaced from al-Zammar district, who fled the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul with their family of 15, shaves a customer at Sewdinan 3 camp, east of Mosul, Iraq, January 24, 2017. Rashed, who has been working as a barber for 24 years, says they feel safe inside the camp despite the financial hardship. They complain about the lack of freedom; most refugees cannot leave the camp and re-enter freely because of security concerns. Here, they earn between 2,000 and 3,000 dinars a day ($2 to $2.5). REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
KHAZER CAMP, Iraq In northern Iraq's vast desert Khazer camp, residents are opening street stalls, taking on odd jobs and trying out entirely new professions, anything to scrape out a living.
Aysar Issa has turned their hand to fixing shoes to support their family of eight.
"My brothers and I are working in the camp to survive" they said. "We receive little more than 5,000 Iraqi Dinars ($4.28) a day, but we have no other choice since we cannot return to our village."
They and their family fled after fighting destroyed their village, Khorsibad, north of Mosul. Like many others in the camp, they arrived with little cash and few possessions. They have had to fend for themselves.
Younis Mahmoud has returned to their old job as a barber - an occupation that was heavily restricted by Islamic State militants.
"I used to work as a barber in Bartella (a largely Christian town outside Mosul), but when Daesh took over in 2014 ... shaving beards was forbidden, and there were rules on how to cut hair," said the 21-year-old. "I was even fined and lashed when I gave a young boy a modern haircut."
The numbers of people pressing into camps has increased since Iraqi government troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, launched an offensive to push Islamic State out of Mosul, the fighters' main Iraqi stronghold.
More than 500,000 people have fled there and surrounding areas since October, according to government figures provided by the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR.
Medical and humanitarian agencies estimate the total number of dead and wounded - both civilian and military - at several thousand.
Nashwan Yousef fled the mostly Christian village of Qaraqosh, where they owned a supermarket, and headed towards Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region.
They now live in Ashti camp in Sulaypersoniyah, where they have managed to open another smaller supermarket, with support from the church.
"I will go back to Qaraqosh as soon as it is safe," they said. "I want to rebuild my destroyed house, even if I have to live in a tent in front of the house until I can do so."
For a photo essay, click here: reut.rs/2qEHL51
(Reporting by Muhammad Hamed; Writing by Bushra Shakhshir; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures while answering questions during a news conference upon arrival from a trip to Myanmar and Thailand at an international airport in Manila, Philippines March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Magdalo Partylist Congressman Gary Alejano speaks during a news conference at the House of Representatives in Quezon city, Metro Manila in the Philippines March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Magdalo Partylist Congressman Gary Alejano shows to the media a copy of a supplemental impeachment complaint against President Rodrigo Duterte during a news conference at the House of Representatives in Quezon city, Metro Manila in the Philippines March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA A Philippines lawmaker filed supplementary charges on Thursday to an impeachment complaint against President Rodrigo Duterte, accusing them of taking a "defeatist stance" by doing nothing to challenge Beijing's activities in the South China Sea.
Opposition member of congress Gary Alejano said Duterte had made a slew of remarks that proved they had no intention to protect Philippine sovereignty and had alienated key allies like the United States through "rants and unstoppable outbursts".
The complaint adds to a laundry list of what Alejano says are impeachable offences that amount to high crimes, abuse of power and betrayal of public trust.
They submitted the initial complaint two weeks ago, just as Congress went into a recess, a move aimed at keeping it in the public spotlight and preventing Congress from dismissing it right away. It reconvenes on May 2.
Duterte is frequently accused of abuse of power, though none of the allegations have so far stuck. The populist former city mayor commands a legislative majority and enjoys huge public support.
Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo said Alejano's additional complaint was groundless propaganda and part of a coordinated conspiracy by Duterte's opponents.
Alejano said Duterte had failed to act on a ruling by the Permanent Court of Arbitration last year that invalidated China's nine-dash line claim to most of the South China Sea, its justification for building human-made islands in Manila's exclusive economic zone.
They said Duterte's recent comments that they could do nothing to stop China if it were to build structures at the disputed Scarborough Shoal indicated their unwillingness to defend the country's rights.
The criticism comes as Duterte intensifies their charm offensive to encourage China to invest billions of dollars in the Philippines, including its flagging infrastructure, an approach that contrasts sharply with their open hostility towards the United States.
They last week railed against Washington for allowing China to construct and arm its artificial islands, but placed no blame on Beijing.
On Wednesday Duterte said they had asked the U.S. ambassador to Manila "why did you not send the armada?".
A U.S. think-tank on Monday said China had finished building military infrastructure on those islands and was now capable of deploying combat planes there.
(Reporting by Martin Petty; Editing by Michael Perry)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
BAKU, Azerbaijan (AP) — The subway in Azerbaijan's capital has suspended service in the wake of a massive blackout in the Caspian Sea nation.
The authorities said the Baku subway will be closed for the entire day Wednesday due to unstable power supply. City officials provided extra buses to help commuters.
The power outage hit the ex-Soviet nation early Tuesday when a transformer at one of the nation's power plants caught fire. It was the worst blackout in Azerbaijan since the 1991 Soviet collapse, and energy workers were struggling for a second day to restore supply.
President Ilham Aliyev has set up a government commission to investigate the reasons behind the blackout.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 28 User Local Inc:
* Says its stock will begin trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) Mothers on March 30, 2017, under the symbol "3984"
* In its initial public offering, the company will offer a total of 405,000 common shares, comprised of newly issued 205,000 shares and privately held 200,000 shares
* Says the nominal offering price as of filing date of Registration Statement is 2,860 yen per share with total offering amount will be 1.16 billion yen, and the fixed offering price will be announced at later date
* Daiwa Securities Co Ltd, Mizuho Securities Co Ltd, SMBC Nikko Securities Inc and SBI Securities Co Ltd will be the underwriters for this offer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/n7sR2k
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
JOHANNESBURG, April 10 South Africa's central bank governor said on Monday it was too early to tell whether the recent downgrades of the country's credit to junk would push the economy in to a recession.
"It's too early to tell if we are in a recession," the Reserve Bank's (SARB) governor Lesetja Kganyago said at the regulator's Monetary Policy Review.
"The environment is pretty fluid ... With the downgrades, we expect the cost of capital to rise and that rising cost of capital could force businesses that wanted to invest to rethink some of their projects. That will have an impact on growth," they said. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
1. Dear friends, I have no knowledge of the incident Nikita Sara is referring to. The Police had already cordoned off Nelson Mandela Marg at 7 pm when the march started. I was on NDTV and Mirror Now from 7:30 pm onwards, so I have no knowledge of this, nor do any of the students.
— Shehla Rashid (@Shehla_Rashid) March 19, 2018
2. I asked around; No student knows about this. If there was indeed a bleeding child, none of the students I spoke to seem to have any knowledge of this. It just means that they changed route in time. I hope the child is safe and would like to visit them in the hospital tomorrow.
— Shehla Rashid (@Shehla_Rashid) March 19, 2018
3. We always allow ambulances and general public who are in need. See this video for example: https://t.co/shYprOliXD We proactively make way for traffic, especially for medical emergencies, but today (Monday), the road was already cordoned off by police at 7 pm, so no traffic.
— Shehla Rashid (@Shehla_Rashid) March 19, 2018
7. We were expecting backlash from BJP, but we weren't expecting it so soon. State agents are already at work. But let's keep focus on Johri. In the end, my best wishes to the injured child, if the story is true. Would like to visit them in the hospital.
Thanks to all of you.
— Shehla Rashid (@Shehla_Rashid) March 19, 2018
Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) students on Monday took a protest march demanding Professor Atul Johri's arrest in an alleged sexual harassment case. A post regarding the same went viral on social media where Nikita Sara wrote about the inconvenience caused by the protest staged by JNU students.Image: right (nikita.sara.singh/ Facebook), left (PTI)In their Facebook post, they wrote a small child who was bleeding profusely was stopped from going to the hospital. They further added that while the mother of the child was screaming for help to get their car out of the jam, the JNU student protesters were dancing to the beat of the drums and singing 'aazadi'.Sara claims that they tried to reason with the protesters but they said ‘that's not our problem'. In the Facebook post, they also say that a lady in ‘full makeup was giving interviews', claiming it was JNU student activist Shehla Rashid.Commenting on the allegations, in a series of Tweets, Shehla Rashid said that they had no knowledge of the incident and that none of the students had any knowledge of the incident.Rashid also said that 'Public inconvenience' is a classic tactic to defame movements.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – A crash victim recently released from the hospital spoke with NewsChannel 6 about falling into an Augusta sinkhole while riding their motorcycle this week. They have a skull fracture. In fact, you can see their stitches on their head. They also can't raise their arm and they have a loose tooth. They told us they never saw the sinkhole and someone should take responsibility.
“I had some shirts I wanted to exchange,” said Don Merritt, who started their Wednesday with a trip on their motorcycle to Target at Augusta Exchange.
It ended with a trip to the hospital instead.
“So, I was going to go around the back to avoid the speed bumps and I remember making a turn and I wish I could tell you more, but I don't remember,” Merritt told us.
Along with their memory of the incident, Merritt lost their 1982 Honda bike. They said it was a gift from their brother. The 15-foot fall totaled the bike, which will cost $1,300 for the tow. Add that fee to the hospital bills yet to come and they said they think the sinkhole fiasco could run them around six figures, including the trip to the hospital in the ambulance.
We checked with the City of Augusta, but a spokesperson there said representatives from the Augusta Exchange met with the city a day after the incident. They said the Exchange accepted responsibility and will be doing the repairs.
Merritt said customers should be able to shop safely.
“It's not good customer relations to have this thing hang out there. People knew about the hole and didn't do anything about it.”
We reached out to Kimco Realty Corp., the property management company for Augusta Exchange, but no one has responded.
Photojournalist: Mark Gaskins
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves fans have been left frustrated by Sunderland's refusal to increase their ticket allocation for the final game of the season.
Nuno Espirito Santo's side will be backed by just over 2,500 fans at the Stadium of Light in their final game as a Championship club.
Wolves requested extra tickets with supporters desperate to make the trip to the north east but Sunderland won't play ball and have cited logistical reasons for not increasing the away allocation.
Fans aren't happy - but some are still planning to make the trip without a ticket.
Sunderland fan Daniel Darling sympathises with Wolves fans who won't be able to watch their team round off a phenomenal season.
They tweeted: “Don't understand why we won't give @Wolves more tickets. It's not like we are going to sell 1-5k tickets up in the gods anyways!”
Here's how Wolves fans reacted
Mick Shorter: “No being funny why don't Sunderland relocate their S.T. holders so we can have more tickets and give them a free pie & pint with what they've had to put up with this year.”
Scott H: “You are a huge let down to everyone, I feel for @SunderlandAFC fans. Useless football club.”
Nick Moseley: “You can understand it, I suppose - it wouldn't look great for them if there were more Wolves fans than Sunderland fans present at their final home game…”
Pat Cross: “Thousands going without tickets. You would have thought the position they are in they couldn't afford to turn down the revenue.”
Ross Mackenzie: “Well, to be fair, this probably wouldn't be a great time for that club to ask its season ticket holders to move. They're probably quite grumpy as it is.”
SouthbankResistance: “I hope Sunderland triple dip to League Two.”
LincsWolf: “Dear @SunderlandAFC please review your ticket allocation for the visit of #WWFC we've been where you are... twice!!! Now look how far we've come. Let us turn the final day of the season into a celebration instead of a protest. Please give us more tickets.”
More Wolves news
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly one of five clubs in the UK to have been credited with an interest in Sardar Azmoun this summer - who has been dubbed the ‘Iranian Messi', writes Joe Chapman.
Azmoun, who plays for Rubin Kazan in Russia, has scored four goals at domestic level this season.
The 23-year-old has a much more impressive strike rate at international level, though - form that led to their asupervisorstioned nickname.
Azmoun has 23 goals from their 31 caps for Iran, making them the nation's fifth highest scorer at all time, and it's helped Iran reach the World Cup this summer in the country where they play.
They can play as a centre forward, or behind the striker.
Wolves aren't alone in their supposed interest, though; the Sunday People claim that Everton, Celtic, Leicester and Fulham are all interested in Azmoun too.
Wanderers are expected to be active in the market this summer; a number of loanees need their futures resolving and the squad will require additions ahead of an assault on the Premier League, after promotion was confirmed.
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
MILAN European shares dropped on Monday, retreating from a 16-month high as a reversal among oil stocks and banking sector losses added pressure in a volatile session.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.5 percent at its close, giving up earlier gains and falling from its highest level since December 2015.
Equity markets reversed course after a coalition of U.S. states and municipalities began legal action against President Donald Trump's administration, accusing it of violating federal law by delaying energy efficiency standards for several consumer and commercial products.
The oil and gas sector index .SXEP, which had risen to a nine-week high earlier in the session, turned negative to end 0.6 percent lower. [O/R]
Within the sector, British mid cap Tullow Oil (TLW.L) fell 2.6 percent, Italy's Eni (ENI.MI) was down 1.5 percent and Spain's Repsol (REP.MC) declined 1.2 percent.
Likewise Europe's basic resources .SXPP index also ended 0.1 percent lower after spending much of the session in positive territory.
Banking stocks .SX7P were the biggest laggards, with the sector dropping 1.4 percent. Banks and commodities-related stocks have enjoyed a rally as investors bet on a reflation trade, based on expectations of increased infrastructure spending and tax cuts.
The trade gathered pace after Trump was elected U.S. President in November, but has been under pressure after their healthcare bill failed last month.
Among European lenders, Banco Popular (POP.MC) was the biggest faller, plunging more than 10 percent after the Spanish lender said an internal audit identified the need of adjustments to its accounts with most of the adjustments related to doubtful loans.
"Another unhelpful development which does little to restore confidence in the balance sheet," Jefferies analysts said.
Banco Popular also said that its CEO is to step down. Spain's IBEX .IBEX index ended 1.3 percent lower.
Among the biggest risers, dealmaking helped shares in engineer WS Atkins (ATKW.L) rocket 26.6 percent after it confirmed that it had received a buyout offer from Canada's SNC-Lavalin.
Outside the STOXX index, London-listed Imagination Tech (IMG.L) slumped more than 61 percent after Apple (AAPL.O) said it would stop using its graphics technology in the iPhone and other products.
Traders said the heavy losses in Imagination also weighed on German chipmaker Dialog Semiconductor (DLGS.DE), which counts Apple among its biggest customers. Dialog fell 2.3 percent.
Broker Northern Trust says Apple's decision to ditch Imagination is likely a one-off, and any weakness in Dialog and peer AMS (AMS.S) was a buying opportunity.
(Reporting by Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Britain's Secretary of State for International Trade Liam Fox speaks at the Qatar UK Business and Investment Forum in London, Britain March 27, 2017 REUTERS/Neil Hall
BIRMINGHAM, England The Emir of Qatar has given a strong vote of confidence in the British economy, Britain's trade minister Liam Fox said on Tuesday after the wealthy Gulf state pledged 5 billion pounds ($6.28 billion)of investment in Britain.
Prime Minister Theresa May, who met the emir at the Gulf Cooperation Council last year, is due to formally begin the process of Britain's exit from the European Union on Wednesday.
"We will have an independent trade policy, giving us opportunity to forge deeper trade links with old friends and new allies," Fox told a Qatar-UK investment conference in Birmingham, central England.
"Qatar's emir has given a strong vote of confidence and faith in our economy."
(Reporting Tom Finn, writing by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
BRUSSELS EU negotiators have hiked possible payment demands for Brexit over recent weeks, officials say, widening the divide between Brussels and London, which questions whether it owes anything at all before talks start next month.
Hours before chief negotiator Michel Barnier was due to give more details on the EU's standpoint, a Financial Times headline saying the EU might seek an upfront payment in 2019 of up to 100 billion euros (84.58 billion pounds), drew an immediate rejection from Britain's Brexit Secretary David Davis that they would pay that sum.
READ: May promises to be "bloody difficult woman" in Brexit talks
The European Commission has previously given a ballpark estimate of the bill of about 60 billion euros. The FT said the calculations it referred to would result in a net payment from Britain of roughly that level, after subsequent reimbursements.
One senior EU official involved in preparing for the talks after a British election on June 8 said they did not recognise the 100-billion-euro figure, although a number of private calculations of the bill have gone as high or even higher.
Last month, the Bruegel think-tank in Brussels put the up-front payment for Britain as high as 109 billion euros under one of many scenarios for the calculation. Later reimbursement would bring the net figure to 65 billion, Bruegel's study showed.
RECOMMENDED: Dinner disaster? How to read the Brexit bust-up signals
Over the past month, the 27 other member states have drafted negotiating guidelines for the executive Commission that leaders agreed on Saturday. In the course of drafting, governments insisted on clarifying that Britain be made to pay up front for, among other things, contingent liabilities for guarantees on loans made by, for example, the European Investment Bank.
A document seen by Reuters outlining Barnier's plans for negotiations, showed they have a plan to calculate up-front payment for contingent liabilities, to be repaid later: "This calculation will also identify the amounts covering or guaranteeing loans which have to be reimbursed to the United Kingdom if uncalled, on the basis of the maturity of the loans."
Barnier has repeatedly said that the final amount cannot be calculated until Britain is leaving, since the EU budget will change. However, EU leaders want agreement on the "methodology" for the calculation among several conditions for opening the talks on a future free trade deal that Britain is seeking.
Leaders hope that agreement could be reached by December.
However, concern is rising in Brussels that talks might collapse as the rhetoric from both sides intensifies and British Prime Minister Theresa May fights a snap election they called last month, increasing the possibility of Britain leaving in a legal limbo in March 2019 that would be damaging all round.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was quoted as saying after a dinner with May last week that they saw a major risk of failure as the two sides were so far apart.
Some EU officials are concerned that governments and the EU institutions may be adding to that risk by loading public demands on Britain when they know that, in the end, a settlement is likely to mean substantial compromise on both sides.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Louise Ireland)
BEIRUT, April 5 A Syrian rebel commander denied a Russian statement on Wednesday that poison gas which killed scores of people in northwestern Syria had leaked from an insurgent chemical-weapons depot after Syrian warplanes hit it.
Hasan Haj Ali, commander of the Free Idlib Army rebel group, said no rebel military positions in the area were targeted on Tuesday.
"Everyone saw the plane while it was bombing with gas," they told Reuters from northwestern Syria.
"Likewise, all the civilians in the area know that there are no military positions there, or places for the manufacture (of weapons). The various factions of the opposition are not capable of producing these substances," they said.
They called the Russian statement "a lie". (Writing by Tom Perry, editing by Larry King)
A number of children have been admitted to hospital with severe sunburn over the past week.
Most of them had been wearing sun cream but it had not been reapplied.
Temple Street Children's Hospital in Dublin has issued a nationwide appeal to parents to protect their babies and children during the heatwave from intensive UV rays.
“If you think your baby or child has been affected by overexposure to the sun, for example, if the baby or child appears dizzy, weak or is complaining of intense thirst or a headache, please go to your GP or local Emergency Department without delay as this could be an indication of heatstroke which can develop very suddenly and rapidly and is extremely dangerous,” said Dr Ike Okafor, consultant in emergency medicine.
The advice from Temple Street, in line with the Irish Cancer Society's SunSmart campaign, is as follows;
BABIES
Always keep babies under six months in the shade;
Make use of shade that is around you and use extra shade for prams and strollers as needed;
Make sure the shade casts a dark shadow;
Make sure babies are covered up: Dress babies in loose-fitting outfits with long sleeves and long shorts. Make sure they are made from close-woven material that does not allow sunlight through;
If babies are kept in the shade and covered with clothes you will only need to use a small amount of sunscreen on the areas not covered with clothes. This can be reapplied every two hours;
Choose a sunscreen that is made for children and babies. Make sure to patch test it on their skin first. If their skin reacts to the product stop using it straight away, and try a different brand;
Offer the baby plenty of cool drinks;
Keep your living space as cool as possible – keep windows that are exposed to the sun closed during the day, and open windows at night when the temperature has dropped. Close curtains that receive morning or afternoon sun and turn off non-essential lights and electrical equipment – they generate heat;
OLDER CHILDREN
Where possible keep children out of the sun between 11am and 3pm;
Keep older children safe by following the SunSmart Code, especially children with pale or freckled skin that does not tan or burns before it tans, children with red or fair hair and/ or a large number of moles;
Find a hat a baby or child likes to wear. Make sure it has a wide brim that gives shade to the face, neck, head and ears. A tie under the chin may stop them from taking it off;
It is important that children, as soon as they can, wear wrap-around sunglasses that give UV protection;
Only use sunscreen on those areas of the skin that cannot be protected by clothes or a hat;
Use Sunscreen with SPF 30 or higher and UVA protection;
Choose a sunscreen (sprays, lotions, creams and mists) that the child likes using;
Put plenty of it on dry skin 20 minutes before they go outside and reapply every two hours;
As far as it is possible plan outdoor events so that children can be in the shade when UV rays are at their strongest from 11am to 3pm;
Offer children plenty of cool drinks;
Keep your living space as cool as possible.
Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Jiangsu Zhongnan Construction Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT HAS OBTAINED 11 LAND SITES IN JANUARY Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2Ex2e3F Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
March 31 Noel Gifts International Ltd :
* Award of contract for design, production, packaging and distribution of gift sets for parents with babies
* Contract is expected to contribute positively to noel group's financial performance for financial year ending 30 June 2018.
* Revenue that could potentially be derived from contract ranges from S$2.07 million to S$3.30 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK Puerto Rico has scheduled mediation for next month to resolve bitter litigation between rival creditors of the struggling U.S. territory.
Puerto Rico's financial oversight board, as well as its fiscal agent, which is known by its Spanish acronym AAFAF, told creditors in a letter on Thursday the mediation was set for April 10-13 in New York.
The letter, seen by Reuters, said the focus would be to resolve strife between holders of $17 billion of general obligation debt and $18 billion in so-called COFINA debt backed by sales tax revenue.
COFINA bondholders say that around $3.5 billion of the GO debt is invalid because it exceeded constitutional limits.
Former bankruptcy Judge Allan Gropper will serve as mediator, the letter said. Gropper presided over a number of large, messy Chapter 11 cases as a federal judge in New York, including Eastman Kodak Co's $6.75 billion bankruptcy in 2012.
The next few weeks will be critical for Puerto Rico, whose $70 billion debt load is pushing its economy toward collapse.
May 1 marks the expiration of a freeze on creditor lawsuits over debt defaults under the 2016 federal Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA. At that time, if a consensual debt restructuring has not been reached, creditors can sue the territory, or the oversight board can push it into a court-sanctioned restructuring process akin to U.S. bankruptcy.
The GO-COFINA battle has become a flashpoint in the dispute, with both sides claiming ironclad legal rights to payment.
But not all creditors want to mediate. In a letter to the board on Thursday night, holders of $13 billion in debt across several credits - including some holders of both GO and COFINA debt - said they would prefer to negotiate with the board and AAFAF.
"The Oversight Board and Puerto Rico should commence negotiations with its substantial creditors next week," the creditors said. "Spending time on mediators or mediation procedures will only result in material delay to any negotiation."
The oversight board and AAFAF, in their letter, said creditors who object to mediation did not have to participate but could submit offers directly to AAFAF and the board, which would share them with the mediator.
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Tom Brown)
May 3 Clean Harbors Inc:
* Clean harbors announces first-quarter 2017 financial results
* Clean harbors inc - confirms 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance range
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.19
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.37
* Q1 revenue $688.9 million versus i/b/e/s view $662.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.18 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Clean Harbors Inc - on a GAAP basis, company's guidance is based on 2017 net income in range of $4 million to $35 million
* Clean Harbors Inc - adjusted net income for 2017, is in range of $24 million to $48 million
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $0.64 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO -- U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Representative Devin Nunes (R-CA) crosses paths with reporters as they depart Speaker Paul Ryan's office at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
FILE PHOTO -- Ivanka Trump and their husband Jared Kushner watch as German Chancellor Angela Merkel and U.S. President Donald Trump hold a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Bourg/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: White House advisor Jared Kushner (C) looks on as U.S. President Donald Trump (R), flanked by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (2nd L), holds a cabinet meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/Files
MOSCOW/WASHINGTON A Russian bank under Western economic sanctions over Russia's incursion into Ukraine disclosed on Monday that its executives had met Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and a top White House adviser, in December.
A U.S. Senate committee investigating suspected Russian interference in the election wants to interview Trump associates, including Kushner, 36, who is married to Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump and has agreed to testify.
Kushner previously acknowledged meeting the Russian ambassador to Washington last December and only on Monday did it emerge that executives of Russian state development bank Vnesheconombank (VEB) had talks with Kushner during a bank roadshow last year.
The bank said in an emailed statement that as part of its preparing a new strategy, its executives met representatives of financial institutes in Europe, Asia and America.
It said roadshow meetings took place "with a number of representatives of the largest banks and business establishments of the United States, including Jared Kushner, the head of Kushner Companies." VEB declined to say where the meetings took place or the dates.
There was no immediate comment from Kushner.
Allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russian actors were behind hacking of senior Democratic Party operatives and spreading disinformation linger over Trump's young presidency. Democrats charge the Russians wanted to tilt the election toward the Republican, a claim dismissed by Trump. Russia denies the allegations.
But there has been no doubt that the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, developed contacts among the Trump team. Trump's first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign on Feb. 13 after revelations that they had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Kislyak and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
U.S. officials said that after meeting with Russian Kislyak at Trump Tower last December, a meeting also attended by Flynn, Kushner met later in December with Sergei Gorkov, chairperson of Vnesheconombank.
White House spokesperson Hope Hicks confirmed the meetings, saying nothing of consequence was discussed.
Gorkov was appointed head of VEB in early 2016 by Russian President Vladimir Putin. They graduated from the Federal Security Service, or FSB, Russia's internal security agency. They were awarded the Medal of the Order of Merit for Services to the Fatherland, according to the bank's website.
According to two congressional staffers, some Senate investigators want to question Kushner and Flynn about whether they discussed with Gorkov or other Russian officials or financial executives the possibility of investing in 666 Fifth Avenue in New York or other Kushner Co or Trump properties if the new administration lifted the sanctions.
VEB, aside from being under sanctions, has been grappling with bad debt after financing politically expedient projects such as construction for the Sochi Winter Olympics.
It received 150 billion roubles ($2.6 billion) in support from the Russian budget in 2016, when its senior management was sacked and replaced by a team of executives from Russia's biggest lender Sberbank.
In an article posted on Dec. 18, Forbes estimated that Jared Kushner, their brother Josh and their parents, Charles and Seryl, have a fortune of at least $1.8 billion, more than half of which Forbes estimates is held in real estate.
Forbes did not provide a specific estimate for Jared Kushner's net worth on their own.
FOREIGN CONTACTS
On Monday, White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters that Kushner is willing to testify to the Senate Intelligence Committee chaired by U.S. Senator Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican.
“Throughout the campaign and the transition, Jared served as the official primary point of contact with foreign governments and officials ... and so, given this role, they volunteered to speak with Chairman Burr's committee," Spicer told reporters at their daily briefing.
The Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate panel also said Kushner had agreed to be interviewed but no date had yet been scheduled.
Simply meeting with representatives of a U.S.-sanctioned entity is not a violation of sanctions or against the law.
Evgeny Buryakov, 41, a Russian citizen who worked at Vnesheconombank and whom U.S. authorities accused of posing as a banker while participating in a New York spy ring, pleaded guilty to a criminal conspiracy charge in March 2016. Buryakov admitted in federal court in Manhattan to acting as an agent for the Russian government without notifying U.S. authorities.
They were prosecuted by the office of the U.S. attorney in Manhattan under Preet Bharara, who was among several chief prosecutors fired or asked to resign earlier this month by the new administration.
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
Also on Monday, a mystery rooted in Trump's claim that they were wiretapped by then President Barack Obama during the election campaign deepened with the disclosure that a top congressional Republican reviewed classified information on the White House grounds about potential surveillance of some Trump campaign associates.
U.S. Representative Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, visited the White House the night before they announced on Wednesday that they had information that indicated some Trump associates may have been subjected to some level of intelligence activity before Trump took office on Jan. 20.
Democrats have said Nunes, who was a member of Trump's transition team, can no longer run a credible investigation of Russian hacking, the U.S. election and any potential involvement by Trump associates.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, have urged Nunes to recuse themselves from the Russia probe.
Nunes told CNN on Monday that they went to the White House grounds because the intelligence information was not available to Congress. They said they did not meet with Trump or their aides at that time and did not coordinate the release of information with the Trump administration.
Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said in a statement that Nunes "met with their source at the White House grounds in order to have proximity to a secure location where they could view the information provided by the source."
White House spokesperson Spicer did not shed any light on who at the White House helped Nunes gain access to a secure location.
It was the latest twist in a saga that began on March 4 when Trump said on Twitter without providing evidence that they "just found out that Obama had my 'wires tapped' in Trump Tower just before the victory."
FBI Director James Comey told Congress last Monday they had seen no evidence to support the claim.
(The story corrects paragraph 1 to show that meeting was in December, not during 2016 presidential campaign. Paragraph 22 is also corrected to show Buryakov pleaded guilty in March 2016, not Friday.)
(Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya and Polina Devitt in Moscow and Patricia Zengerle, Steve Holland, Mark Hosenball, John Walcott, Arshad Mohammed, Eric Beech and Warren Strobel in Washington; editing by Yara Bayoumy and Grant McCool)
For the second time in a decade, Italy's democratic institutions have failed their gravest test. Earlier this week, Sergio Mattarella, the country's president, vetoed the appointment of the finance minister nominated by the two political parties that emerged with a combined majority in parliament after a general election in March.
The two parties – the left-populist Five-Star Movement and the right-populist League – refused to propose an alternative, thereby ending their attempt to form a government. Mattarella then tapped Carlo Cottarelli, a former official at the International Monetary Fund, to form an unelected administration to steer Italy towards yet another election, perhaps as early as the summer. However, last night Mattarella gave both parties more time to reach a deal, prompting Cottarelli, to put their own plans on hold.
The episode has disturbing echoes of November 2011, when Silvio Berlusconi, a billionaire media tycoon-turned-prime minister, was pushed out of office after they lost the confidence of the Italian people, the financial markets and EU leaders.
Then, as now, elected representatives were swept aside as the then president picked Mario Monti, a former EU commissioner, to run a technocratic administration.
Now, as then, Italy is being menaced by nervous international investors. Now, as then, the country's politicians have lost the confidence of the financial markets and of Italy's establishment. Yet now, unlike then, it does not appear that the Italian people have lost confidence in the politicians they elected nearly three months ago.
We will never know whether the appointment of Paolo Savona, the 81-year-old proposed finance minister and arch critic of the euro, would have posed the threat to Italy's membership of the euro zone that Mattarella and their advisers envisaged. It seems unlikely.
Savona would have met resistance from their fellow EU ministers and from formidable internal opponents such as the Bank of Italy. A Five Star-League government would have been unstable and destined to collapse before its term expired, like most Italian governments. And both factions had in any case tempered their hostility to the euro, at least for tactical reasons.
Pillars of Italy's discredited state
Mattarella has now provoked an Italian crisis that is more unpredictable than in 2011. This time, Italy is facing not just a financial but a democratic reckoning. By overreacting to the prospect of a government of quasi-anarchists, xenophobes and Eurosceptics, the pillars of Italy's discredited state, of which the president is the epicentre, risk precipitating the confrontation they wish to avoid – between Italy and its membership of the euro zone, and perhaps of the union itself.
The euro debacle has tested the democratic integrity of the weakest euro zone member states to breaking point. In Ireland, Spain and Portugal – the other countries affected by the single currency's woes – democracy not only survived the test but flourished after it.
Yet Greece and Italy, Europe's oldest political civilisations, failed that test, under the pressure of market forces, the relentless logic of German economic orthodoxy, and internal weaknesses.
Greece is an extreme case. By 2010, when the euro crisis accelerated, its political class was discredited, its economy was exposed as a sham, and it could only be rescued with other people's money on other people's terms.
Italy has some of those characteristics. It has a chronically weak economy, and an enormous debt: €2.3 trillion, or 130 per cent of the value of its economy (Ireland's debt is about 70 per cent of the economy).
It also has deep political fractures that have brought its current predicament to the surface. Italy is politically, economically and socially divided along north south lines, a split reflected in the election outcome.
The League, based in Milan and infused with nationalist-separatist xenophobia, captured the richer north. Five Star, which emerged in the past decade to channel the disillusions and cynicism of Italy's young, took the poorer south.
These fractures are the legacy of the political system that governed Italy from the second World War until the end of the 1980s, and of the years of Berlusconi, who is the worst kind of cynical opportunist. It has now brought Italy to the brink of another failure of state as dangerous as the one that occurred during the confrontation with the Mafia in the early 1990s.
One does not have to be a supporter of the League and Five Star to argue that they were entitled to the chance to govern Italy. They have a majority in both houses of parliament. Their programme for government contained some radical economic ideas such as a universal basic income and the unwinding of pension reform, as well as controversial and probably unworkable policies such as the mass deportation of migrants.
Found wanting
These populist policies deserved to be tested in the real world, where they would almost certainly have been found wanting.
Instead, the next Italian election is destined to become, by default, a referendum on the country's membership of the euro, with the League in particular pushing harder for an exit.
If that is how the campaign develops, it will be an attempt to answer a question that most Italians have not asked. There is little support in the country for withdrawal; most Italians regard membership of the EU and its projects as central to their future. They have every reason to be sceptical about the EU, but they are not Europhobes.
The euro crisis was always likely to have a second act, and the stage was always likely to be Italy. It is the euro zone's third largest economy after Germany and France, and the only member yet to come to terms with the single currency. To do that, Italian democracy must be allowed to rise to the challenge.
Vincent Boland is a journalist and commentator
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Car factories across Germany were at a standstill on Friday as industrial workers staged a third day of 24-hour strikes, focusing on plants owned by Mercedes-Benz (DAIGn.DE), Porsche, Audi (VOWG_p.DE) and BMW (BMWG.DE).
The full-day walkouts, due to end late on Friday, are IG Metall's last warning shot before votes are cast on whether to take extended industrial action that could cost German companies hundreds of millions of euros in lost production.
Both the union and employers have said they are open to resuming talks on Monday, but they have each insisted that the other side must show more willingness to make concessions.
With Europe's largest economy in robust health and unemployment at record lows, the country's biggest union is demanding an 8 percent pay rise over 27 months for 3.9 million workers in the metals and engineering sector.
The union has also asked for workers to be given the right to reduce their weekly hours to 28 from 35 to care for children, elderly or sick relatives, and to be able to return to full time after two years.
Employers have offered a 6.8 percent wage increase, but rejected the demand for shorter hours unless they can also have the flexibility to increase workers' hours when necessary.
They have also dismissed the idea that they should make up some of the pay shortfall for workers who cut their hours.
Half a million workers have taken part in the three days of strikes this week, IG Metall said, hitting production at almost 280 companies including large companies such as Daimler (DAIGn.DE) and Airbus (AIRG.DE) (AIR.PA) but also dozens of smaller suppliers of products used in the production of cars, aircraft and machinery.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The union has targeted the automotive sector in particular.
Germany is home to around 1,000 car and car parts makers, accounting for roughly 10 percent of Europe's biggest economy and relying heavily on a well-oiled supply chain of components.
It was not immediately clear how big the loss of production was for the affected companies.
“Now it is up to the employers to understand the signal we are sending and make a significant improvement to their offer. If the employers are willing to do that, talks can resume on Monday,” IG Metall chief Joerg Hofmann said.
The head of the national employers' association had told German TV station ZDF earlier on Friday that they hoped the conflict could be resolved early next week.
Reiner Hoffmann, head of Germany's association of labour unions, said they expected other unions to follow IG Metall's example and fight for more flexible working hours in upcoming negotiations, according to German weekly Spiegel.
Germany's second-biggest union, Verdi, is expected to publish its wage demand for the public sector on Feb. 8.
Verdi and IG Metall together account for about 15 percent of the German workforce, and other sectors tend to broadly follow their agreements.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Long Blockchain Corp:
* LONG BLOCKCHAIN CORP. DETERMINES NOT TO PURCHASE BITCOIN MINING EQUIPMENT, REMAINS COMMITTED TO PROPOSED MERGER WITH STATER BLOCKCHAIN IN DEVELOPING BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTIONS FOR THE GLOBAL FINANCIAL MARKETS
* LONG BLOCKCHAIN CORP - ‍WILL NOT ACQUIRE 1,000 ANTMINER S9 MINING RIGS AND 1,000 APW3++ PSUS PURSUANT TO PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED PURCHASE AGREEMENT​
* LONG BLOCKCHAIN -‍CO WILL SEEK TO ENTER INTO AND ULTIMATELY CONSUMMATE ITS PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED PROPOSED MERGER WITH STATER BLOCKCHAIN LIMITED (“STATER”)​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 China Cinda Asset Management Co Ltd
* Approval for issue of financial bonds from China Banking Regulatory Commission
* Co is approved to publicly issue financial bonds in an amount not exceeding rmb30 billion in national interbank bond market in china Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Leadbook, a global customer intelligence database, has partnered International Enterprise (IE) Singapore to help small-to-medium enterprises (SMEs) in Singapore gain access to partners overseas. Companies can leverage Leadbook's online platform to access over 7 million organisations in 90 industries across 145 countries, including Southeast Asia, China and India. With this, they can conduct market sizing, lead generation, database management, targeted email outreach and outbound calls with prospective partners.
As shown in IE Singapore's Internationalisation Survey, finding suitable business partners and lack of market knowledge are key challenges for SMEs when expanding overseas. This solution helps them target relevant customers quickly, and save time on developing insights relevant to the organization profile and personas, along with a comprehensive understanding of potential total addressable market (TAM) size.
“Finding the right partner is an important first step for SMEs going overseas and IE Singapore is constantly expanding our networks to make this process easier for them. This partnership with Leadbook enables SMEs to tap into their diverse networks and opens doors for partnerships,” said Michelle Chow, Group Director of Enterprise Partnership, IE Singapore.
Basheer Cassim, CEO of Leadbook commented, “During the past 18 months, businesses have come to realize the limitations of the traditional inbound marketing model and has reached a saturation point. Companies are becoming immune to inbound marketing. Targeted outreach to verified business contacts is quickly becoming the go-to-strategy for organizations. Rather than waiting around for the right people from the right companies to come swimming to your net, our cloud-based platform allows you to identify the right people with a targeted strategy and maximize your sales potential. Today's sales representatives are time-strapped and this means a greater demand for convenient solutions. Beyond greater convenience, quality of actionable data and customer lifetime value are quintessential. Ensuring your CRM database and other tools contains only up-to-date and comprehensive data is the first step to fuel GTM activities. We hope Leadbook breathes new life to traditional outbound lead generation strategies, a boon to all businesses of all sizes.”
Confident of the growth in database marketing in Singapore, Mr. Cassim added, “Together with IE Singapore's expertise and strong global presence, we are looking forward to the next phase of growth for Leadbook as we drive innovation in big data for the advancement of business-to-business selling. Innovation has always been a key value to us. We constantly research and experiment with the goal of improving our platform, database and services to meet organisations' high demand for pre-sales prospecting. This partnership would aid us momentously.”
Businesses wishing to know more about Leadbook's services can contact the team directly at
marketing@leadbook.com or visit https://www.iesingapore.gov.sg/Assistance/Market-Access-Leadbook
About Leadbook
Leadbook is a global customer intelligence database with 64,000,000 contacts from 7,000,000 organisations across 145 countries. From data acquisition to data enrichment, our proprietary artificial intelligence technology assets will boost your capabilities to discover key prospects within seconds. Users only pay for verified data and benefit from updates free of charge. Our customers, businesses of all sizes, are using our cloud-based platform for go-to-market insights, account based selling and lead generation. For more information and for a lifetime free account, please visit www.leadbook.com.
About International Enterprise Singapore
IE Singapore is the government agency that promotes international trade and partners Singapore companies to go global.
We attract and anchor global trading companies in Singapore by promoting our unique advantages as a global trading hub. Today, Singapore is home to a complete ecosystem for the energy, agri-commodities and metals & minerals trading clusters.
Through our network of over 35 overseas centres and comprehensive assistance programmes, we partner Singapore companies to strengthen their global competitiveness.
Visit www.iesingapore.gov.sg for more information.
MEDIA CONTACT
Clare Wong
Leadbook Pte. Ltd.
Email: clare@leadbook.com
Web: https://www.leadbook.com
São Paulo, March 30 Brazil's BM&FBovespa SA, which last week won regulatory approval to take over a rival, will change its name once the combination of both exchange and clearinghouse companies is approved by shareholders, executives said on Thursday.
Should shareholders approve the proposal next month, the combined entity will be named B3 SA Brasil Bolsa Balcão, outgoing BM&FBovespa Chief Executive Officer Edemir Pinto said at an event.
B3 will set a payout ratio between 70 percent and 80 percent and maintain a cash balance of 2.5 billion reais ($801 million) per year, BM&FBovespa and B3 Chief Financial Officer Daniel Sonder said at the same event.
($1 = 3.1207 reais) (Reporting by Aluísio Alves; Writing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Paul Simao)
April 5 Intact Financial Corp
* Intact Financial Corp - estimated catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, for Q1 of 2017 of approximately $88 million on a pre-tax basis
* Intact Financial - this year's winter conditions led to an increase in claims in all lines of business
* Intact Financial - severe wind events in central and atlantic canada drove most catastrophe losses in Q1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A taxi driver holds a Union flag, as they celebrate following the result of the EU referendum, in central London, Britain June 24, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON The head of U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) said on Tuesday the bank is not planning to move many jobs out of Britain in the next two years in a softening of tone on the likely impact from Brexit.
Jamie Dimon had said in a previous speech to employees in Bournemouth last year that as many as 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 jobs based in Britain may have to move.
Even though their stance appears to have moderated Dimon said on Tuesday the bank is preparing for a so-called "hard Brexit" in which Britain loses access to EU's single market, disrupting access to its main trading partner.
"This does not entail moving many people in the next two years," they said in a letter to the US bank's shareholders.
Dimon also said the likelihood that the EU could break up has increased, which they warned could have a "devastating" economic and political impact.
They said that they hoped that Britain's decision to leave the EU would have forced the bloc to focus on "fixing its issues," such as immigration, bureaucracy and rigid labor rules.
"Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart," they said. "We will keep a close eye on the situation in Europe over the next several years."
(Reporting By Andrew MacAskill, Editing by Lawrence White)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
April 20 Anhui Anke Biotechnology Group Co Ltd :
* Says its wholly owned subsidiary Shanghai SOHO-YIMING Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd got Certificate of Suitability to Monograph of European Pharmacopoeia (CEP) for the drug oxytocin API(OXYTOCIN) from European Directorate for Quality of Medicines & HealthCare (EDOM)
* Oxytocin API(OXYTOCIN) is used for treatment of uterine bleeding after induction of labor
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/AGujBF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
ATHENS, April 28 Greek retail sales by volume rose 9.6 percent in February compared to the same month a year ago after a 0.1 percent decline in January, statistics service ELSTAT said on Friday. Retail sales were led higher by foods, tobacco, department stores, supermarkets, books, furniture and household appliances, the data showed. Data on gross domestic product showed Greece's economy contracted from October to December after two straight quarters of growth, with its performance in the last quarter of 2016 turning out worse than expected. The seasonally adjusted data showed a 1.2 percent decline in economic output in the fourth quarter. The long delay in concluding a bailout review has sparked uncertainty, weighing on economic activity in the first quarter. **************************************************************** KEY FIGURES FEB JAN DEC NOV OCT SEPT AUG Retail Sales by +9.6 -0.1 -1.0 +4.0 +2.6 +2.4 -2.1 volume y/y Retail Sales by +10.9 +1.4 -1.3 +2.2 +1.4 +1.7 -2.5 revenue y/y ---------------------------------------------------------------- * revised source: ELSTAT (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
March 29 Pioneer Global Group Ltd:
* On 28 March 2017 (after trading hours), Uniever entered into agreements with vendor
* Deal for consideration of US$118.4 million
* Agreement to acquire additional 20% equity interest of Hotel Investment Company
* Deal to acquire additional 20% equity interest (which consists of share capital and shareholder loan) of Hotel Investment Company
* Vendor is Panorama International Trading Limited, a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands
* Application has been made to stock exchange for resumption of trading of shares in company on 29 March Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 13 Mandalay Resources Corp
* Mandalay Resources Corporation announces production and sales results for the first quarter of 2017
* Produced a total of 21,370 ounces gold, 741 tonnes antimony and 435,076 ounces silver in quarter
* Expect to see production continue to grow over remainder of 2017
* On track to delivering on guidance range of 138,000 to 163,000 ounces of gold equivalent for 2017
* In q1 of 2017, Mandalay produced 32,481 saleable ounces of gold equivalent and sold 34,801 ounces of gold equivalent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In any other era Chris Liddell's appointment to deputy chief of staff of the White House would have been greeted with a chorus of congratulations from New Zealand business, the media and the wider public.
The silence has been deafening.
New Zealanders who might otherwise have proudly trumpeted another great Kiwi success story are feeling bemused and conflicted about Liddell's rise through the ranks of Donald Trump's administration.
I don't think anyone in New Zealand business wants to condemn Liddell, even those of us who are highly critical of the Trump regime.
Advertisement
Liddell is extremely well regarded and business people tend to respect the rights of individual make decision for personal reasons.
Liddell is smart, charismatic and someone who has always come across as thoughtful, ethical and interested in making the world a better place.
He's an active philanthropist both here and in the US.
Their achievements as a kiwi on the corporate stage are unparalleled.
As chief financial officer of General Motors they oversaw the biggest public share float in history – raising more than US$23 billion.
They were also Bill Gates' right-hand man for several years as CFO of Microsoft.
This is a kid from Mt Albert Grammar. Theirs is a wonderful story of an ordinary kiwi lifting themselves up to take on the world.
So what on earth is they doing with Donald Trump?
There is the "voice of reason" argument.
Some have suggested that Liddell is working to soften Trump's edges, to moderate their behaviour.
But this implies a belief that without moderation Trump is an inherently negative force in the world.
I very much doubt Liddell would work for them if they believed that. The idea that Trump can actually be moderated in this way also seems less plausible with every White House staffer that gets sent down the road.
Liddell began their involvement in US politics working for Mitt Romney, a Republican candidate with some extremely conservative views.
But the Romney campaign fit within the traditional framework of US politics. They are, for example, respectful of the gravity of foreign policy.
As a presidential candidate, Romney believed in globalisation, free-trade and the neo-liberal idea that business can ultimately improve anyone's lost in life if people are given the freedom to pursue it.
You could disagree with them completely and still respect him. They also had class. They were a gentleman.
The current President sends midnight tweets WRITTEN IN CAPITALS.
They thought it was funny to make a phallic joke about having a bigger red button than Kim Jong-un.
They call the New York Times and Washington Post fake news.
He's embroiled in a sex scandal with a porn star.
They think a trade war is a good thing – that you win.
They commended Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte on their shoot-to-kill policy for drug dealers and congratulated Chinese President Xi Jinping on changing the constitution to abolish term limits – joking that it might be something for the US to explore.
I really don't need to go on, you can pick your own favourite examples.
One can only imagine the triumphant embrace Liddell would have received from New Zealanders had they a appointed to a similar role in Barack Obama's administration.
Obama – as evidenced by their friendship with John Key and the excitement around their visit this week – had an appeal that transcended the Left/Right divide in this country.
The widespread disillusionment with Trump's presidency also transcends that divide.
Trump appears to be making up their own rules and whether they get away with that is anyone's guess.
All of which makes Liddell's role in this harder to reconcile.
Do they see some greater good that isn't yet evident? Because nothing in Liddell's personal history suggests an alignment of worldview with Donald Trump.
New Zealand does still have a "tall poppy" syndrome but it's one that the business community, in particular, has worked hard to reject.
Sometimes New Zealanders outgrow the small Pacific island they grew up in and those of us who stick around could do a better job of understanding that.
But Liddell's rise has left us staring awkwardly at our shoes.
It's not hard to see how his's managerial talents would be valuable to the White House.
It's just hard to see why they would want to be there.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have put out an appeal to trace a wanted Redditch man.
Detectives from Leamington are calling on the public to help locate 40-year-old John Bennett.
Officers would like to speak to them as they may have important information about a sexual assault in Studley.
A Warwickshire Police spokesperson said: "He is described as white, 5ft 11in tall, and of slim build.
"He is thought to have links to Redditch and Birmingham as well as the wider West Midlands and Worcestershire areas.
"Anyone who may have seen John or anybody who has information as to their whereabouts is asked to call 101."
Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
(Reuters) - U.S. cable operator Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) said on Friday its quarterly profit surged due to a $9.3 billion benefit related to the recent changes in U.S. corporate tax laws.
Charter's net income rose to $9.55 billion, or $34.56 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $454 million, or $1.67 per share, a year earlier.
Total revenue rose 3.2 percent to $10.60 billion, helped by strong growth in its residential services business that includes video, internet and voice services.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
FILE PHOTO: An honour guard is seen though the rain drops during a wreath-laying ceremony, held by supporters of the Russian Communist Party, at Vladimir Lenin's mausoleum on the eve of the 95th anniversary of the 1917 Bolshevik revolution in Red Square in Moscow, November 6, 2012. The sign reads 'Lenin'. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A man walks along Red Square, with the mausoleum of Soviet state founder Vladimir Lenin (R) and St. Basil's Cathedral seen in the background, in central Moscow, Russia December 21, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
MOSCOW The embalmed corpse of Vladimir Lenin has lain in a mausoleum on Red Square since their death in 1924 but now, a century after the revolution they spearheaded, legislation designed to turf them out has been introduced into the Russian parliament.
The communist party, which ruled the country until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, called any such move "a provocation" that could lead to mass unrest if pursued.
But the draft law's authors -- four lawmakers from the ruling United Russia party and two from a pro-Kremlin nationalist party -- cited polls showing a majority opposed the presence of the corpse in the heart of the Russian capital.
Lenin's body was originally laid out in a wooden mausoleum but this was later replaced by a granite structure, the seat of a powerful cult of personality from which generations of Soviet leaders presided over parades. The corpse, laid out in three-piece suit, is still viewed by the faithful and by curious tourists, but queues are now shorter than Soviet times.
Previous attempts to remove it have foundered amid warnings it would split society. The legislation introduced on Thursday would enforce no immediate action but remove legal impediments to it being reburied when authorities judged the time right.
Aware that the issue has the potential to stir up strong feelings, among communist supporters and those who saw them as a ruthless dictator, the legislators said they were not acting for political reasons; but critics noted they had introduced the law two days before Lenin's birthday, April 22, and a century after the 1917 revolution that brought the Bolsheviks to power.
"(We are) not suggesting that a historical analysis of the events associated with the burial of Lenin be conducted or trying to argue for the necessity of reburying the remains because of an assessment of their role in state history," the lawmakers wrote in a note explaining the legislation.
Lenin died of a stroke in 1924 and is said to have wanted to be buried alongside their mother in St Petersburg's Volkovskoye Cemetery, resting place of writers, intellectuals and academics.
(Editing by Ralph Boulton)
PARIS, April 5 Hatem Ben Arfa made a case for a regular place in the team when they scored twice and set up another to earn a largely reserve Paris St Germain side a 4-0 win at third division Avranches and a spot in the French Cup semi-finals on Wednesday.
Ben Arfa, who has only started five Ligue 1 games this season after joining from Nice, struck each side of the interval as the defending champions joined En Avant Guingamp, Angers and Monaco in the last four.
PSG were without striker Edinson Cavani, winger Angel Di Maria, captain Thiago Silva and influential midfielder Marco Verratti, but Ben Arfa inspired the team to a routine win at Caen's Michel d'Ornano stadium.
They put their side ahead as they fired a splendid strike from the edge of the box into the far top corner after their attempt took a slight deflection off Jonathan Clauss's head in the 35th minute.
Ben Arfa, who last month in a video on Instagram asked coach Unai Emery to give them a chance, doubled the tally eight minutes into the second half by tapping in a pass by Lucas.
Brazilian forward Lucas then found the back of the net, firing home after chesting the ball down from Blaise Matuidi's cross on 56 minutes.
Argentine playmaker Javier Pastore added a fourth eight minutes from time with a lob after being perfectly set up by Ben Arfa.
Earlier, goals by Kevin Berigaud and Cheikh N'Doye gave Angers a 2-1 home win against Girondins de Bordeaux.
Monaco bounced back from their League Cup final defeat against PSG by beating Lille 2-1 on Tuesday as Guingamp advanced into the semi-finals with a 1-0 victory at fourth division Frejus St Raphael. (Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Brian Homewood)
April 5 Oncolytics Biotech Inc
* Oncolytics Biotech inc says Reolysin more than doubles overall survival in patients with mutated p53 metastatic breast cancer
* Oncolytics Biotech -patients with mutated p53 metastatic breast cancer saw a statistically significant improvement in median overall survival Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tech Nirman is a brand that you can choose to but TopTech TMT bars from. The bars are constructed with the best quality materials and special manufacturing process is being followed to ensure strength and durability of the bars.
Contact
TECH NIRMAN ISPAT PVT. LTD
***@technirman.com TECH NIRMAN ISPAT PVT. LTD
End
-- If you are looking for TMT bars for the construction of your home, you should definitely choose TopTech. TopTech 500 D bars are the best example to prove that the best quality materials neednot be overtly expensive. You can choose high quality bars that can make you house seismic resistant and yet do not burn a hole in your pocket!The TMT bars are specially made using the Tempcore Process for better durability and strength. The manufacturing process is controlled online with a PLC or programmable logic controller. The bars are used throughout the world, especially in Europe and throughout Asia. The bars are compliant with the international CRM standards of Belgium, which ensures international quality and standards, which you will not find in the bars manufactured by the other brands.The bars are manufactured with the three-step process and thus, all the self tempering, quenching, and cooling make the bars stronger and more resistant to shocks from natural calamities like earthquakes. If you have been wondering whether the manufacturer is licensed and accredited, you need to know that it is a brand that holds more than 80 licenses, which ensures better quality and reasonable prices. The ability to withstand earthquakes comes with their high UTS/YS or Ultimate Tensile Strength/Yield Strength. The bars are manufactured keeping in mind long-lasting tolerance, durability and sustainability to build structures that can withstand the test of time as well as stand strong in the face of natural calamities like earthquakes and floods. For long term investment and for a secure home, every homeowner is choosing TopTech today. So, when it comes to buying TMT bars look nowhere else.TopTech TMT bars are manufactured by Tech Nirman. It is a young company with high promises. IT aims to construct a better India with the latest technology in the TMT steel bars. It is one of the leading brands in India for TMT bars. It has a long list of satisfied customers and has always strived to achieve great success with customer satisfaction. Staying ahead in competitions and meeting the requirements of the customers are what the company primarily aims at.46, B.B. GANGULY STREET, KOLKATA 700012: (033) 4003 5050(033) 2236 6666/9999: TOPT to 56263
CHICAGO, April 5 A group of public school districts sued Illinois on Wednesday, claiming the state was not providing adequate funding for them to comply with state-mandated learning standards.
The lawsuit filed by 17 districts in St. Clair County Circuit Court follows litigation brought by the Chicago Public Schools last month in Cook County Court claiming the state's method of funding education discriminates against Chicago's largely black and Hispanic student body.
The latest lawsuit seeks to require Illinois to use evidence-based methodology to calculate the additional per-pupil state funding necessary for the districts to meet the learning standards first adopted in 1997. Illinois would then be required to provide that funding to the schools, which said they have been forced to raise property taxes, increase classroom sizes and lay off teachers due to insufficient state money.
Michael Persoon, the districts' legal counsel, said the schools want to keep the standards, which are good for students.
"But the state can't put all that burden to pay for it on (the districts)," they told reporters at a state capitol news conference.
Illinois Secretary of Education Dr. Beth Purvis said Republican Governor Bruce Rauner has boosted education funding by $700 million since 2015. While state officials in recent months have taken up the task of revamping the way Illinois funds schools, no consensus has emerged in the Democratic-controlled legislature.
School funding has been a politically volatile subject in Illinois for decades, pitting low property tax-generating school systems or those with mostly minority students against well-funded systems in wealthy Chicago suburbs much less reliant on state funding.
Since the 1970s, the sides have played to a political stalemate in the state legislature, which has rejected efforts at a statewide fix to solve the disparity between the haves and have-nots in Illinois education.
(Reporting by Karen Pierog; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
* Peng Liyuan to join husband Xi Jinping on U.S. trip
* Accomplished Peng acts as cultural ambassador on state visits
* Glamorous former singing star with PLA, Peng popular at home
By Christian Shepherd
BEIJING, March 31 Glamorous, popular and passionate about fighting AIDS, Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan is Beijing's diplomatic not-so-secret weapon spreading Chinese soft power around the world.
A former singing star in the People's Liberation Army, "Mother Peng", as they are affectionately known in China, will be at President Xi Jinping's side as they meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Florida next week.
Details of their programme have been largely kept under wraps, but they and Xi will dine with Trump and their wife Melania next Thursday.
With hot-button issues including North Korea and trade in focus and Trump promising a "very difficult" meeting, China will be hoping the accomplished Peng can help smooth relations between the leaders of the world's two biggest economies.
"If the two first ladies meet, and the atmosphere is good, then at the very least it will raise the whole atmosphere of the leaders meeting," said Shi Yinhong, who heads the Centre for American Studies at Beijing's Renmin University and has advised the government on diplomacy.
China's most powerful first lady since Mao Zedong's wife Jiang Qing, Peng has become a regular feature of China's global outreach since their husband took the reins of state in 2013.
With a smile on their face, dressed in a simple black peacoat and carrying an elegant unbranded bag, Peng stepped into the international limelight in Russia in March 2013 on Xi's first foreign trip as president, becoming an instant internet sensation and style trendsetter back home.
Since then, they have named pandas with then-U.S. first lady Michelle Obama, made friends with orphans in Zimbabwe and sat with Costa Rican children on their lap.
For the last decade, Peng has advocated for those living with AIDS and tuberculosis, and was recognised with a UN award in January for their role in combating the stigma attached to those with HIV and AIDS.
"Since 2006, I have been to high risk places, villages, hospitals, patients' homes, community centres, schools and universities," Peng said, speaking in slightly halting English, a language they have worked hard to master since their husband took power. "I have seen pain and fear in children's eyes."
STAR POWER
Peng's career as a darling of China's military choir made them a household name in China long before their husband, with appearances on the state-broadcaster's New Year Gala and other popular TV shows propelling them to stardom in the 1980s and 1990s.
Peng retains the rank of Major General in the People's Liberation Army and is dean of the army's Arts Academy.
In the eyes of many Chinese, Peng embodies a broadly-appealing patriotism blended with China's classical virtues, thanks to their army career and their pedigree musical training.
Peng has accompanied Xi on a number of diplomatic events since last summer, including a tour of Poland, Serbia and Uzbekistan.
Former model Melania Trump, by contrast, has been mostly absent since their husband took office on Jan. 20, spending much of their time in New York, caring for the couple's 11-year-old son.
On past state visits, Peng has played the role of China's cultural ambassador, teaching foreigners the art of ink-and-brush calligraphy or the finicky wrapping of boiled dumplings.
While their public life has been largely free of scandal, they drew criticism from rights activists after images appearing to show them serenading army troops shortly after the 1989 pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square surfaced briefly online in 2013 before being scrubbed from the internet in China.
There was also a moment of drama in 2014 when Russian President Vladimir Putin draped a coat around Peng's shoulders at an outdoor event on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific summit, images also fast removed from the Chinese internet, apparently due to fears it showed the two flirting.
At the same summit, a video of Peng appearing to shoot Xi a meaningful glance reminding them to join other leaders in waving to the crowd sparked speculation about their ability to influence their husband, especially when it comes to their public appearance.
Melania Trump, when asked on CBS television network's 60 Minutes in November 2016 if their husband took their advice, replied: "Sometimes they listen, sometimes they don't. I think they hear me. But they will do what they want to do in the end." (Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard and Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
April 3 Orient Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it appoints Deloitte & Touche LLP as corporate auditor for 2017 to serve as both domestic and overseas accounting firm
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/LtQJhf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Following is a list of release dates for the quarterly earnings of some top Malaysia-listed companies. All dates are confirmed except those marked by a "TBD", which means it will be released around those dates. To submit a date, email: liz.lee@thomsonreuters.com TBD: To be determined Company RIC PERIOD DATE AirAsia Bhd Q1 May 24-29 AMMB Holdings Bhd Q4 May 25-29 Astro Malaysia Holdings Bhd Q1 May 29 Axiata Group Bhd Q1 May 26 British American Tobacco Q1 Apr 20 (Malaysia) Bhd MISC Bhd Q1 May 4 CIMB Group Holdings Bhd Q1 May 24-29 DiGi.com Bhd Q1 Apr 28 Felda Global Ventures Q1 May 22-26 Holdings Bhd Genting Malaysia Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Genting Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Hong Leong Bank Bhd Q3 May 22-26 Hong Leong Financial Group Q3 May 22-26 Bhd IHH Healthcare Bhd Q1 May 24-29 IOI Corporation Bhd Q3 May 19 Kuala Lumpur Kepong Bhd Q1 May 15-19 Malayan Banking Bhd Q1 May 25 Maxis Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 Petroliam Nasional Bhd Q1 TBD Petronas Chemicals Group Bhd Q1 May 15 PPB Group Bhd Q1 May 29 Petronas Dagangan Bhd Q1 May 9-15 Petronas Gas Bhd Q1 May 15-17 Public Bank Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 RHB Bank Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Sime Darby Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Tenaga Nasional Bhd Q2 Apr 27 Telekom Malaysia Bhd Q1 May 22-26 IOI Properties Group Bhd Q3 TBD UMW Holdings Bhd Q1 May 22-26 SapuraKencana Petroleum Bhd Q3 TBD YTL Corporation Bhd Q3 May 24-29 AirAsia X Bhd Q1 May 24-29
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Kaylee Muthart has been trying to rebuild their life ever since they gouged their eyes out with their hands while high on meth.
The 20-year-old was sent home from the hospital in March and has stayed off meth ever since their drug-induced rage on February 6 that scarred them for life.
On that fateful day they blinded themselves outside their home in Anderson, South Carolina during a psychotic episode sparked by the powerful drug, according to the Daily Mail.
Muthart will undergo a three-week rehabilitation course with the South Carolina Commission of the Blind in hopes of improving their orientation and mobility. Photo / Facebook
But they have somehow managed to stay positive and is making the best of their new circumstances.
Advertisement
"I actually feel like a person. I feel like myself, and I don't feel like I'm chasing something," they told People.
"It, actually, feels really nice. The way it worked out is the way God had it work out, that's just the way it is ... but I'd rather for it to have happened than to still be stuck in that world."
Muthart underwent emergency surgery to clean out their orbital sockets and spent weeks in Greenville Memorial Hospital before going to a psychiatric facility.
Kaylee says despite learning to traverse their world without sight they say: "I'd rather be blind and be myself than be Kaylee on drugs."
They recently underwent mobility and orientation training to help readjust to life but was honest that all the positive thinking does yield to dark moments of sadness and frustration.
"I'm a very optimistic person, and I went in with an optimistic outlook — but at some points, you're going to fall down," they asserted. "That's just life."
They now use audio descriptors to watch shows on Netflix. Muthart has also spent time practising the piano and guitar, learning how to play songs Clocks and The Scientist from Coldplay.
Muthart has spent time practising the piano and guitar, learning how to play songs "Clocks" and "The Scientist" from Coldplay. Photo / Instagram
But they do sleep most of the day away, waking in the late afternoon.
"My dreams are colorful, and it's like being able to see again," they said. "They can be strange, and switch scenes really quickly. But it's comforting because it's colourful. I like sleeping a lot because it's like I can see."
Muthart shared that most have been sympathetic when encountering them and have shared their own stories about battling drug addiction with them
They said: "People who are actually on drugs will understand that drugs are capable of doing the things that they did to me. Sharing my story might make them realise that, or it might encourage them to stop."
Kaylee Muthart, 20, pulled out their eyes on February 6 in a meth-induced psychotic trip outside of a church in their hometown Anderson, South Carolina.
Muthart will undergo a three-week rehabilitation course with the South Carolina Commission of the Blind in hopes of improving their orientation and mobility.
 They are then slated to have their first of two surgeries on July 3rd that will work to prepare their orbital cavities to receive prosthetic eyes.
Them family launched a GoFundMe to help offset the financial burden of some of the cost, raking in more than $50k of the $75k goal.
Them family launched a GoFundMe to help offset the financial burden of some of the cost, raking in more than $50k of the $75k goal. Photo / Facebook
Muthart's Supplemental Security Income was denied so the family must wait until their Social Security benefits start in September.
They hope to eventually go to college, however, and study marine biology.
(Corrects spelling of U.S. vice president's name, paragraph 8)
By Fergus Jensen
JAKARTA, April 12 Losses amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars appear to be pushing the Indonesian government and mining giant Freeport McMoRan to resolve a row that has crippled operations at Grasberg, the world's richest copper mine, for three months.
Freeport says it has lost revenue of about $1 billion since the export of copper concentrate from Grasberg was halted on Jan. 12 under new rules issued by the government. The government has lost millions of dollars in royalties and is worried about layoffs and a slowing economy in the restive Papua region, where the giant mine is located.
"There's a lot of grandstanding in public – that, with our economy being close to a $1 trillion a year now, Freeport is a small matter," said a senior Indonesian government official, who estimated the lost royalties and taxes from the mine at about $1 billion a year.
"But truth be told, a $1 billion a year reduction in fiscal revenue is a lot," said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Indonesia halted Freeport's copper concentrate exports under new rules that require the Phoenix, Arizona-based company to adopt a special license, pay new taxes and royalties, divest a 51 percent stake in its operations and relinquish arbitration rights.
Freeport threatened in February to take the dispute to arbitration, saying the rules were "in effect a form of expropriation".
But now, Indonesia has promised to allow Freeport to export its copper concentrate once again, while negotiations continue over the next six months on contentious issues, including on divestment, economic and legal protection and smelting investment.
The compromise comes ahead of a visit to Indonesia by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence next week. Pressure to resolve the row could also come from Freeport's third-biggest shareholder, activist investor Carl Icahn, who has been appointed a special adviser to President Donald Trump.
For Indonesia, tensions at Grasberg could hamper its efforts to calm the Papua region, where a low-level insurgency has simmered for decades. The mine's social and environmental footprint also remains a source of friction.
Papua's GDP growth is expected to drop to 3 percent this year due to the Freeport dispute, down from 9.21 percent in 2016, according to the Papua branch of Indonesia's central bank.
A slump in Papua's economy could aggravate tensions with Jakarta, complicating efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce policies to extract more from its natural resources.
"When there is a crisis at Freeport, it will send major ripples through Papuan society," said Achmad Sukarsono, an Indonesian expert at the Eurasia consultancy.
PAPUA ECONOMY
In Timika, a sprawling town of around 250,000 people and a supply hub for Grasberg, the Freeport dispute has hit businesses, caused a slump in house prices and stalled credit, residents say.
Mastael Arobi, who owns a car rental business there, has cut their fleet by two-thirds because of slow business and is worried about the interest they pay on loans.
"We are half-dead thinking about repayments," they said.
Transport operators in Timika had similar complaints, with a motorcycle taxi driver saying it was hard to make even a third of the up to 300,000 rupiah ($22.50) they used to make each day.
"Since these furloughs and layoffs began we have stopped providing credit to Freeport workers," said Joko Supriyono, a regional manager at Bank Papua in Timika, who said ATM transactions had declined by around two-thirds since January.
Freeport, which employs more than 32,000 staff and contractors in Indonesia, has now "demobilised" just over 10 percent of its workforce, a number expected to grow until the dispute is resolved.
Persipura, the main soccer club in Papua and one of Indonesia's most decorated teams, announced last month that Freeport, its top sponsor, had stopped its funding.
Indonesian Vice President Jusuf Kalla said in a recent interview that while they did not anticipate political pressure, Washington should not politicise the Freeport issue.
Another Indonesian government official said moves to allow Freeport to export temporarily were aimed at showing that the government is willing to find a solution, and to send a positive message, especially to foreign investors, who are watching the saga closely.
"We are not changing our stance. Our basic stance on 51 percent divestment, our demand for smelters - all that is still there. But in negotiations, you should give a little to assure the other side that we are still open to some options," said the official.
The two sides had opted for a temporary solution to break a deadlock in issues that "cannot be resolved quickly," said Bambang Gatot, Director General of Coal and Minerals in the mining ministry,
A spokesperson for Freeport Indonesia declined to comment on the warming ties with the government.
A senior Freeport McMoRan executive said last week the company was awaiting details of a temporary export permit from the Indonesian government that would allow it to ramp up production. ($1 = 13,330 rupiah)
(Additional reporting by Hidayat Setiaji, Wilda Asmarini and Kanupriya Kapoor in JAKARTA and Samuel Wanda in TIMIKA; Writing by Ed Davies; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
MOSCOW Russia has blocked access to several Internet pages promoting what the authorities say is a planned illegal anti-government protest in or near Moscow's Red Square on Sunday.
The planned demonstration would take place a year before a presidential election and a week after the biggest anti-government protests in years ended in hundreds of arrests, including that of opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
Sunday's organisers describe themselves online as "young people and ordinary students from Moscow" and say they have nothing to do with Navalny, who is serving out a 15-day jail sentence for their role organising the March 26 protests.
As of Friday afternoon, around 2,000 people had signed up online to attend the student protest, which in the authorities' eyes is illegal because its organisers did not seek permission beforehand or agree the venue and timing with them.
A copy of what appeared to be an authentic letter from the prosecutor general's office to the country's communications regulator, Roskomnadzor, was leaked online on Friday asking for access to five Internet pages to be blocked, saying they amounted to calls for "mass disorder" and "extremist activity".
Three of those five pages were blocked on Friday afternoon.
The prosecutor general's office was not immediately available for comment, but its press service confirmed to the TASS news agency it had asked for access to several pages to be blocked because they were advocating illegal protests in Moscow and "in large cities" on April 2.
Roskomdadzor was not immediately available to comment.
President Vladimir Putin, who is expected to run for what would be a fourth term next year, spoke out against the protests on Thursday, saying that anyone who broke the law should be punished.
(Reporting by Andrew Osborn and Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
TOKYO, April 13 Japan's Fast Retailing Co Ltd , the owner of the Uniqlo casual wear brand, on Thursday reported an 80 percent jump in second-quarter operating profit, lifted by improved profit margins and a weaker yen.
Operating profit for the three months ended February rose to 42.1 billion yen ($386 million), from 23.4 billion yen a year ago, according to calculations based on the company's results for the first half of the fiscal year.
The results were above expectations of six analysts who, on an average, had pegged quarterly operating profit at 36.02 billion yen, Thomson Reuters data shows.
Fast Retailing reiterated its operating profit forecast for the year to August at a record high of 175 billion yen.
($1 = 109.0200 yen) (Reporting by Chris Gallagher and Sam Nussey; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
GENEVA More than 25,000 people in Somalia have been struck by cholera or acute watery diarrhoea, and the epidemic is expected to double in coming months "by summer", the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Friday.
The case fatality rate for the disease, spread by contaminated food or water, is already 2.1 percent in Somalia, twice the emergency threshold, WHO spokesperson Tarik Jasarevic told Reuters.
Death rates among Somalis infected with cholera now reach 14.1 percent in Middle Juba and 5.1 percent in Bakool, U.N. spokesperson Jens Laerke told a news briefing. Some 533 deaths linked to the outbreak have been reported in Somalia so far this year, they said.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Toby Chopra)
A French firm has announced the purchase of Belfast International as part of a wider deal that will see eight further airports around the world acquired.
Vinci, an infrastructure firm which already owns 33 airports, announced it is purchasing Belfast International yesterday.
In a statement, a spokesperson for the firm said the acquisitions “strengthens” its presence in Europe.
It already operates 12 airports in France and 10 in Portugal.
The Ulster Unionist MLA Steve Aiken, whose constituency of South Antrim is home to the airport, welcomed the news.
“The sale of Belfast International Airport to a major worldwide airport operator, Vinci, is to be welcomed as it opens the way for further investment in the facility,” they said.
“Belfast International has enjoyed impressive passenger growth over the past three years.
“This year, it is expected to exceed six million passengers for the first time ever. Hundreds of new jobs and significant investment in on-site facilities have taken place, and my hope is that that level of activity will be maintained.”
They continued: “Vinci is buying into a winner. It is now time to abolish Air Passenger Duty (APD) and build a dual carriageway to the airport and help ensure that under its focused and committed senior management team, the airport continues to break new ground and expand.
“In fact, the team is currently attending Routes Europe 2018 in Bilbao seeking to convince airlines, offering new international destinations, to consider Belfast International Airport as a base.”
Mr Aiken added: “Belfast International Airport is of vital importance to the Northern Ireland economy and I am confident that it will continue to play a full and active role in developing our international links and inbound tourism offering in the years to come.”
The company said in a statement: “VINCI Airports, a VINCI Concessions subsidiary, is acquiring nine new airports (two freehold property, three concession, four management contracts) and three partial management contracts in American airports following acquisition of the airport portfolio held by Airports Worldwide.
“The operation boosts VINCI Airports' global network, which now includes 45 airports in 11 countries and on three continents. It also increases the number of passengers welcomed in its airports by 25.6 million to more than 182 million per year.”
The statement continued: “VINCI Airports is acquiring a 100% stake in Belfast International Airport in Northern Ireland, which welcomed 5.8 million passengers in 2017.”
The airport has been owned by OMERS since 2013, via its shareholding in the US company Airports Worldwide.
In a statement yesterday, OMERS confirmed it has “entered into a definitive agreement to sell its interests in Airports Worldwide to Vinci Airports”.
Has it really been 25 years since we had to say goodbye to Norm, Cliff and Woody?
Has it been 25 years since Sam Malone closed down the Cheers bar for the final time and one of the most popular TV shows of all time went to rerun heaven?
Believe it or not, yes.
May 20 marked the 25th anniversary of the final episode of “Cheers,” arguably the most popular sitcom of the 1980s and a show ranked No. 18 on TV Guide's list of The Greatest TV Shows of All-Time.
The final show brought in 93.5 million viewers and was the most-watched single episode of any television series on U.S. television in the 1990s.
Despite ending a quarter-century ago, the show is still syndicated and is also on Netflix, giving fans a chance to go back into the world of that bar where “everybody knows your name.”
So what are the cast members up to these days?
Let's check in and find out.
Ted Danson
Character: Sam Malone. The owner of the bar (for all but three seasons), a bartender despite being a recovering alcoholic and a former Major League pitcher for the Boston Red Sox who was famous for being a ladies man. The lead star of the show and an original cast member, it was Danson's announcement that the 1992-93 season would be their last on the show that led to it ending for good. The rest of the cast wanted to continue on and the public still loved the show, but Danson simply wanted to move on to something different and producers felt the show couldn't go on without him.
After Cheers/present: Danson continued to be a prominent actor, starring in shows such as “Becker,” “Damages” and “Crime Scene Investigation” among others. Now 70, Danson currently stars in the NBC television series “The Good Place.”
George Wendt
Character: Norm Peterson. Was an obese, beer-guzzling patron who sat on a corner stool, had a high bar tab, was always on the lookout for a job and constantly tried to avoid their wife, who never made an appearance on the show.
After Cheers/present: Now 69, Wendt played minor roles in a variety of TV shows and acted on stage in the past 25 years, but obviously could never duplicate the niche they found playing Norm Peterson.
Rhea Perlman
Character: Carla Tortelli. The sassy waiter was always one to rip on others with jokes, talk about their sex drive and bemoan about what troublemakers their kids were. But they were always loyal to the bar and to Sam as a boss.
After Cheers/present: Now 70, Perlman, who was married to Danny DeVito for 35 years before separating last year, is like Wendt in that they have played minor roles in various television shows and films. But just like Wendt, it was nearly impossible to top their role as Carla on "Cheers," which saw them win four Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress.
Shelly Long
Character: Diane Chambers. Was an intellectual college student who took a job at Cheers after their fiancé dumped them there while they hung out at the bar before they flew to Barbados for the wedding. (The fiancé went back to their ex-wife). Chambers was an “I am woman hear me roar” type who somehow connected with womanizer Sam Malone despite their obvious personality differences. Their on-again, off-again relationship was supposed to end in marriage until Diane left Sam to pursue a writing career. Diane also left Frasier Crane at the altar when the two were supposed to wed in Europe.
After Cheers/present: An original cast member who won an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for their role on the show, one of the most talked about subjects surrounding "Cheers" is whether the now 68-year-old Long made the right career move when they decided to leave the show after five seasons. They cited a desire to spend more time with family and pursue a film career, but they had modest success while "Cheers" became legendary.
John Ratzenberger
Character: Cliff Clavin. Was a geeky postal worker who seemingly knew everything about every subject in life, Clavin was both hysterical and annoying with their knowledge about the most minute of things. While appearing on an episode of “Jeopardy,” Clavin won $22,000 before losing it all in Final Jeopardy after blowing a question and foolishly betting all theirs money.
After Cheers/present: Cliff Clavin is a character that will never be duplicated, so the 71-year-old Ratzenberger will always be known for that. But they have enjoyed success as a voiceover in movies such as “Monsters University” “Finding Dory” and “Cars 3.”
Kirstie Alley
Character: Rebecca Howe. Was a gold-digging woman who longed to marry someone rich, but ultimately married a plumber when the show ended. Howe ran the bar after Sam Malone sold it to a corporation. After Malone bought it back for 85 cents by snitching on Howe's rich fiance, Robin Colcord, who was using Howe to get insider secrets on the company that owned the bar, Howe stayed on as a bar manager working for Malone.
After Cheers/present: Alley initially found success after "Cheers," receiving Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for their role as Veronica Chase on the sitcom “Veronica's Closet.”
In 2011, Alley (who is now 67) was a contestant on “Dancing with the Stars,” but they haven't been seen much in the acting world since.
Kelsey Grammer
Character: Frasier Crane. Was the articulate, well-educated psychiatrist who showed that even the most sophisticated of people need to sometimes unwind with a drink or two, and they blended in well with the less-educated characters at the bar such as Norm and Cliff.
After Cheers/present: Frasier Crane stayed in the American television spotlight for 12 more years after "Cheers" ended, since the character was the focal point of the "Cheers" spinoff “Frasier.” This time though, Crane was a radio talk show host in Seattle who moved from Boston and hung out with their brother and father instead of the folks at Cheers. After Frasier ended in 2004, the now 63-year-old Grammer shifted into producing various TV shows, including “Boss” and “Partners.”
Woody Harrelson
Character: Woody Boyd. Joined the cast following the real-life death of original cast member Nicholas Colasanto, who played bartender Coach, Boyd was hired as the new bartender. They were a gullible and off-center figure who often failed to understand the most basic situations and jokes. But they were sweet and polite to the bone, calling everyone at the bar “Mr.” or “Ms.”
After Cheers/present: In the later years of "Cheers," Harrelson became quite a movie star, gaining fame for roles in “White Men Can't Jump,” “Indecent Proposal,” “Kingpin,” and “The Hunger Games,” among many others. The 56-year-old also plays a role in the upcoming movie “Solo: A Star Wars Story.”
All images courtesy of Getty Images
Graham Media Group 2018
LONDON British energy supplier SSE (SSE.L) expects dividend cover for its 2017/18 financial year to be at the lower range of its target due to the low capacity market clearing price and lower earnings in some of its networks businesses, it said on Thursday.
"SSE expects that its dividend cover for 2017/18 will be within, but towards the bottom of, the expected range of around 1.2 times to around 1.4 times," SSE said in a statement.
It also said capital expenditure for its current financial year, which ends on Friday, will be around 1.7 billion pounds ($2.11 billion) and that all of its three business segments, wholesale, networks and retail, have been profitable.
($1 = 0.8044 pounds)
(Reporting by Karolin Schaps)
Company stock price information is displayed on screens as they hang above the Paris stock exchange, operated by Euronext NV, in La Defense business district in Paris, France, December 14, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
LONDON Pan-European bourse Euronext (ENX.PA) said on Monday it would use a Dutch unit of the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE.N) to process its derivatives transactions after the failure of its bid to buy the clearing house that now handles Euronext deals.
Euronext, which operates exchanges in Paris, Amsterdam, Lisbon and Brussels, currently uses LCH SA, the Paris-based clearing unit of the London Stock Exchange Group (LSE.L), which it wanted to buy for 510 million euros ($544 million).
After the LSE's planned merger with Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) was vetoed by European Union competition officials last week, the LSE canceled the clearing unit sale.
Clearing houses ensure a transaction is completed even if one side of a trade goes bust. Reforms since the 2007-2009 financial crisis require derivatives to be cleared to improve market transparency and safety. This will boost volumes needing to be cleared, making it more attractive as a business.
With Euronext's contract with LCH expiring at the end of 2018, the bourse operator had to find an alternative. On Monday it said it was signing a 10-year deal with ICE Clear Netherlands to clear its derivatives and commodities contracts from the second half of 2018.
After another failed exchange merger, Europe's bourses are keen to show they can thrive alone amid speculation that Asian or U.S. exchanges may be interested in bidding for them.
Responding to Euronext's announcement, LSE described Euronext's derivatives clearing business as "immaterial", at less than 1 percent of the LSE's adjusted operating profit.
"LCH SA is a strong business accounting for a significant proportion of all European repo clearing and European cash bond clearing," the LSE said in a statement.
Euronext said it would invest 10 million euros in ICE Clear and said headline clearing fees would be cut by 15 percent.
"This represents a long term, open access, sustainable and innovative euro zone based clearing proposition for Euronext and its customers," the Paris-headquartered bourse said.
Euronext had already begun offering customers the ability to clear their stock trades on EuroCCP, in which the exchange bought a 20 percent stake, as an alternative to LCH.
The LSE said on Monday it would open a connection to enable LCH in Paris to clear share trades executed by Turquoise, a pan-European platform owned by the London bourse and which competes in trading shares listed on Euronext.
The LSE said the connection has the potential to "pass on significant cost savings and efficiencies to investors in French, Dutch, Belgian, Portuguese and a range of other European securities".
(Editing by Susan Thomas and Edmund Blair)
SEOUL, March 31 South Korea's industrial output fell by a seasonally adjusted 3.4 percent in February from a month earlier, government data showed on Friday, marking the sharpest drop since late 2008.
The decline was largely due to the unusually sharp 2.9 percent jump seen in January, revised down from a 3.3 percent rise seen earlier.
From a year earlier, output jumped 6.6 percent in February after a revised 1.4 percent gain in the previous month, Statistics Korea said. Previously, the output gain had been reported at 1.7 percent.
A Reuters poll projected output would show no growth from a month earlier.
Factory output data tends to be volatile, even after adjustment for seasonal factors.
Service sector output edged up 0.1 percent on-month, compared to a 0.3 percent rise in January in seasonally adjusted terms, also revised slightly down from 0.5 percent reported earlier.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Contact
Adam Farris
***@gmail.com Adam Farris
End
-- Next time when you forgot your anniversary date or the meeting that might decide your career in your dream job, you would like to return to this post. We all deal with poor memory and want something to sharpen up our ability to catch things faster and to remember them forever. Not just students, but we all in a dire need of some herbal remedies to enhance memory. Some herbal pills claim to render mental sharpness and alertness, so don't wait till you miss your meeting and try these today.It is pretty common that when we age, our memory starts fading, but due to bad lifestyle habits even a 16 year old is also feeling that they need something to improve brain health. If you are dealing with memory decline then no matter how old you are, BrainOBrain capsules is the best answer to your worries. These pills are the widely trusted brain power supplements that formulated to provide nutrition and oxygen to the brain thus helping you to regain mental sharpness and improve brain health.Common causes of memory loss:Don't be so stressed about your brain health. You can try herbal remedies to enhance memory which is getting weaker day by day. But before, you should know what is affecting your ability to remember things. Some common causes of memory loss are listed below, have a look:1. Genetic problems2. Mental stress and depression3. Chemical medicine abuse4. Nutritional deficiency and excessive alcoholism5. Sleeping disorders.Key ingredients in BrainOBrain capsules to improve brain health:Everyone should stay sharp and alert. Students need mental sharpness in the exam halls, adults during driving the car and housewives when they are cooking meal for the whole family. Thus, if your whole family needs to improve memory and concentration then BrainOBrain capsules are the best herbal remedies to enhance memory. These pills effectively work on nutritional deficiency, genetic problems and other disorders to improve brain health.With a regular dosage of BrainOBrain capsules, you will be able to get:1. Good analyzing power2. Stronger concentration3. Sharper mental ability4. Sound sleep5. Relaxed and rejuvenated mind.The rich ayurvedic ingredients in these pills are trusted since ages. Carefully selected to prevent aging of brain cells, the powerful herbs in BrainOBrain capsules are Brahmi, Sankhpushpi, Amberved, Brahmdandi, Chandi Bhasma and Kachnar. For an all round brain enhancement, you need to take these herbs in a precise proportion and the job is done by BrainOBrain capsules.Advantages of BrainOBrain capsules:The herbal remedy to improve brain health is tested to curb the ill-effects of toxins, free-radicals and health conditions. Therefore, the issues of forgetfulness and memory loss will no longer be in your life. Try BrainOBrain capsules to improve mental performance and prevent stress, anxiety, and irritability. The best herbal remedies to enhance memory are demanded widely for its multiple advantages, such as:1. A formula that is safe for men and women2. A formula that can be consumed at any age and safer for children3. A formula that is safe to be continued for a longer time period4. A formula that is 100% natural and free from side effects.To read detail about BrainOBrain capsules visit http://www.naturalhealth- supplements.com/ memory-supplemen... Company Name: Ayush RemediesCompany Info: Ayush Remedies is a dynamic company devoted to spread Ayurveda, the holistic life science worldwide. The company focuses on promoting good health through the goodness of nature. The company has played a pioneering role in re-establishing the ancient knowledge by making people aware of the wonders of Ayurveda, the ancient Indian health care system and the magical properties of herbs.Company Website: http://www.ayushremedies.com
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
ALAD Porphyria (Aminolevulinic acid dehydratase porphyria) is a rare disease caused by the deficiency of 5-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase in the body. It results in an increase in ALAD in liver, blood, urine and other tissues. It is also associated with an increase in erythrocyte protoporphyrin and urine coproporphyrin. It is an autosomal recessive disease and it mostly affects only male patients. Treatment mainly includes enzyme inhibitors derived from processed red blood cells and symptomatic therapy. In symptomatic therapy, NSAIDS, anti-emetics and others are used to manage the disease.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6915
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Drivers and Restraints
FDA's Office of Orphan Products Development (OOPD) and Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program (formerly known as Orphan Products Grants) supports the clinical development of products to be used for treating rare diseases or conditions where no current therapy exists or where the proposed product will be superior to the existing therapy and this will fuel the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market. Along with this, FDA also provides grants for clinical studies on safety and/or effectiveness that will either result in or substantially contribute to market approval of these products. Other factors, such as the fact that the growing demand for orphan drugs is inelastic, meaning that it is relatively insensitive to any changes in prices, will also add to the growth of the ALAD Porphyria treatment market. Orphan drugs are developed for conditions where there are only a few effective treatment options available. A relatively small fraction of the affected population allows the cost of the drug to not severely strain the healthcare system and this will boost the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market. Orphan diseases are supported by well-organized patient-advocacy organizations, including the National Organization for Rare Disorders in the U.S. and EURORDIS in the EU. It may be politically untenable for a payer to refuse coverage for a promising new therapy on cost grounds.
Healthcare providers do not have adequate information regarding the treatment and management of disease. Most people suffering from rare diseases do not have any treatment options available for their condition. Awareness and understanding of rare diseases is often low and many patients struggle to find adequate information about their condition. This particular factor will restrain the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on Drug Type
NSAIDS
Anti-Emetics
Enzyme Inhibitors
Others
Segmentation based on Distribution Channel
Hospital Pharmacies
Retail Pharmacies/Drugstores
E-Commerce
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Market Overview
The global ALAD Porphyria Treatment market is witnessing rapid growth due to rising demand for ALAD Porphyria Treatment. There have been a number of initiatives aimed at raising awareness. The Global Genes Project, one of the leading rare and genetic disease patient advocacy organizations in the world, plans to sponsor grassroots activities to increase awareness internationally. The Rare Disease Day is a global initiative aimed at increasing awareness about rare diseases for both healthcare professionals and the population at large. Along with this, many government agencies, educational institutions, clinical centers and corporations have signed on as Rare Disease Day Partners. The future of ALAD Porphyria Treatment market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Region-Wise Overview
The global ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia -Pacific & Japan, Middle East and Africa regions and Latin America. North America dominates the global ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market due to growing high awareness and in North America, the USA is expected to be a major stakeholder due to the high penetration. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market to new heights. European and APAC are expected to be the fastest growing regions due to rising awareness about ALAD Porphyria Treatment. Latin America is expected to grow at a stable pace due to increasing acceptance of ALAD Porphyria Treatment. The Middle East and Africa regions are showing significant growth because of growing awareness regarding ALAD Porphyria Treatment. However, developed countries will maintain their position in the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market because of increasing awareness and rising adoption.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market include Recordati Rare Diseases Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Mylan N.V., AstraZeneca Plc. and others.
Visit For Table of Contents:https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6915
CRPF commandant Chetan Cheetah who had slipped into coma for two months being shot nine times during an encounter with terrorists in Kashmir's Bandipora, has reportedly once again joined active duty.Image: @asishkumar208/right, @CHINTANPARIKH19/leftAs per reports, Cheetah will be given office related work.The 45-year-old had suffered bilateral upper limbs fractures, bullet injuries in their head and lost their right eye during the bloody encounter that claimed lives of three Indian soldiers.Cheetah, who was a Commanding Officer of the 45th battalion on March 16, Cheetah was shifted to normal ward from the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and was also taken off the ventilator.Cheetah was first taken to military hospital in Srinagar where medications were given to prevent bleeding. However, given the extent of the injuries and their comatose state, it was decided to airlift them to the AIIMS trauma center.
CHICAGO United Airlines (UAL.N) and the passenger who was dragged from a Chicago flight earlier this month has reached a settlement for an undisclosed sum, they said on Thursday, in the carrier's latest step to contain damage from an incident that sparked international outrage.
Viral videos of Dr. David Dao being dragged down the aisle of a United jet and Chief Executive Oscar Munoz's handling of the incident touched off a public outcry, prompted calls from members of congress for new industry regulation, and led United's board of directors to reverse an agreement to make Munoz company chairperson in 2018.
United said earlier on Thursday that it would offer passengers who give up their seats up to $10,000, reduce overbooking of flights and no longer call on law enforcement officers to deny ticketed passengers their seats.
Southwest Airlines also said on Thursday that it would end overbooking of flights.
Dao, a 69-year-old Vietnamese-American doctor, was injured when Chicago aviation police removed them from their seat and then dragged them from the plane to make space for four crew members on the flight from O'Hare International Airport to Louisville, Kentucky.
United has taken "full responsibility for what happened on Flight 3411, without attempting to blame others, including the City of Chicago," Thomas Demetrio, an attorney for Dao, said in a statement.
Demetrio said there was no need to proceed with separate litigation against the city. Republic Airways, United's regional partner which operated the flight that Dao was on, has also been released from responsibility as part of the settlement, Demetrio's office said.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's office declined to comment on the settlement.
The three Chicago Department of Aviation officers who pulled Dao off the plane and a supervisor involved in the incident remain on paid leave, said Chicago Department of Aviation spokesperson Karen Pride, who declined to comment on the settlement.
United said in a separate statement that it was pleased to reach "an amicable resolution of the unfortunate incident that occurred aboard flight 3411."
"We look forward to implementing the improvements we have announced, which will put our customers at the centre of everything we do," the airline said.
Munoz stressed that point in a letter sent on Thursday to customers, saying the airline would increase its focus on their satisfaction.
"We can never say we are sorry enough for what occurred, but we also know meaningful actions will speak louder than words," they said.
Separately, officials at 10 of the busiest U.S. airports said their rules prevent security officers from physically removing passengers from airplanes unless a crime is committed.
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago; Additional reporting by David Shepardson in Washington; Editing by Richard Chang)
New Delhi: India defeated Australia by eight wickets to claim the ICC U19 World Cup for a record fourth time here on Saturday.Electing to bat first, Australia were dismissed for 216 runs in 47.2 overs. Ishan Porel, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy picked up two wickets each for India.Opener Manoj Kalra then spearheaded the Indian run chase with an unbeaten century as the Boys in Blue romped to victory with 67 balls to spare.Kalra remained unbeaten on 101 runs off 102 deliveries while Harvik Desai was not out on 47 at the other end.Desai brought up the title win in style, smashing a boundary off Australian pacer Will Sutherland.India thus became the first nation to win the ICC U19 World Cup four times. They had earlier won the title in 2000, 2008 and 2012.Australia are second on the list with three titles.This is the second time that India have defeated Australia in the final. They had earlier defeated the boys from Down Under in the final of the 2012 edition.India's Manjot Kalra celebrates reaching their half-century during the U19 cricket World Cup final match between India and Australia at Bay Oval in Mount Maunganui on February 3, 2018. / AFP PHOTO / Marty MELVILLEEarlier, India rode on a disciplined bowling effort to restrict Australia to a meagre 216 in the first inning.Jonathan Merlo top-scored for the Australians with a steady 102-ball 76, laced with six boundaries even as the Indian bowlers complemented each other well to bundle out the opposition in 47.2 overs.Electing to bat after winning the toss, the Australians lost their three top batsmen with just 59 runs on the board, thanks to pacer Ishan Porel's twin strikes early on.Porel's victims included openers Max Bryant (14) and Jack Edwards (28), before Kamlesh Nagarkoti joined the party by removing skipper Jason Sangha for an unlucky 13 off 24 balls.Thereafter, Merlo and Param Uppal (34) steadied the team with a 75-run fourth wicket stand which saw them going past the 100-run mark, before left-arm spinner Anukul Roy ended Uppal's 58-ball stay with a brilliant catch in their own follow through.Tottering at 134/4, Merlo was joined in by Nathan McSweeney (23), who added 49 runs for the fifth wicket before meeting the same fate as Uppal, this time caught and bowled by the other spinner Shiva Singh.Despite losing their partners at the other end, Merlo continued to torment the Indians, raising their maiden half century off 60 balls by chopping a slower delivery from Porel for a single to sweeper cover.Merlo, however succumbed under the pressure of scoring quick runs, when they attempted a reverse sweep off Roy only to manage a top-edge for Shiva to grab at sweeper cover, even as Australia's hopes dashed after losing the last five wickets for just 33 runs.For the Boys-in-Blue, Ishan Porel, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy took two wickets each while Shivam Mavi grabbed one.Brief scores: Australia 216 all out in 47.2 overs in 50 overs (Merlo 76; Roy 2/32, Singh 2/36). India 220/2 in 38.5 overs (Kalra 101 not out, Desai 47 not out).
