Caricom High-level Confab…“Troubling” withdrawal of correspondent banking relationships makes agenda
The withdrawal of Correspondent Banking Relationships (CBR) in the Region, will be one of the
focal points as the Caribbean Community (Caricom) gears up to host its 28th Intercessional Heads of Government Conference tomorrow in Guyana's Capital City, Georgetown.
This was according to Caricom's Secretary-General, Ambassador Irwin LaRocque, during a media conference hosted at the Caricom Secretariat last Monday.
“Another troubling issue that continues to exercise our minds is the one of correspondent banking and that also has an impact on the financial transactions and by extension, trade and remittances,” the Ambassador said.
Correspondent banking is a bilateral arrangement, often involving a mutual cross-border relationship in multiple currencies. A correspondent banking arrangement involves one bank (the correspondent) providing a deposit account or other liability accounts, and related services, to another bank (the respondent), often including its affiliates.
The arrangement requires the exchange of messages to settle transactions by crediting and debiting those accounts. Correspondent banking enables the provision of domestic and cross-border payments.
These relationships facilitate a range of transactions and services including the execution of third-party payments, trade finance, the banks' own cash clearing, liquidity management and short-term borrowing or investment needs in a particular currency.
In the Guyana context, Bank of America, the largest correspondent bank in the United States of America dealing with local banks, severed ties with several commercial banks last August.
Governor of the local Central Bank, Dr Gobind Ganga, had assured the nation that “other banks will take up the slack.”
Instead, additional problems have surfaced with commercial banks and citizens both come out with allegations of a foreign currency shortage. The nation has also seen the rapid fluctuations in the exchange rates specifically as it relates to the United States Dollar.
Ambassador LaRocque told media operatives that Caricom has mounted a very active advocacy initiative and the bloc is pulling out all the stops to ensure that issue of CBR are addressed at the highest level of the Region to find meaningful solutions.
“We at least raised the awareness and are engaged in discussions with various parties with regards to the plight of the region with regards to the withdrawal of correspondent banking,” they said.
LaRocque continued that these engagements included talks with the US, the European Union (EU), the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB).
They stated, also, that the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda, Gaston Brown, in their capacity as Chair of the Committee on Corresponding Banking, staged a global stakeholders' conference on this issue last October and brought together the relevant parties such as representatives of the international community; representatives of international financial institutions; regulators; and private sector banks.
“We will also be having a presentation by the Committee of Central Bank Governors – the governors of the central banks constituted themselves into a committee. The committee from time to time, is assigned issues and provides advice to the Heads of Government,”
Ambassador La Rocque added that Heads of Government will be receiving such advice at the upcoming meeting on how the Community can address the matter of withdrawal of CBR.
During the conference on the withdrawal of CBR last October, IMF Deputy Managing Director, Tao Zhang, in Antigua and Barbuda, told the participants that based on information from the Caribbean Association of Banks, almost 60 percent of member institutions interviewed, reported a loss of such relationships.
They cautioned that if the trend is not arrested, it could damage not only financial stability, but also economic growth, financial inclusion, and other development goals.
“Of course these potential consequences are worrisome. Moreover, the continued loss of legitimate correspondent banking services may drive legitimate transactions underground. This would encourage transactions in cash and increase other forms of informality.
So the end result could be to undermine the objectives of the progress we have seen in the effort to supervise and regulate the financial sector services and activities, including the effort to fight money laundering and combat the financing of terrorism.”
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:13 Will Trump support black colleges?
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in their first 100 days?
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
It has been 12 years since Rory McIlroy played at Ballyliffin - the host club for this year's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship.
The former champion admitted they had forgotten how good it was.
PORTLAND, Maine — Officials with the U.S government say it's time to consider the possibility that endangered right whales could become extinct unless new steps are taken to protect them.
North Atlantic right whales are among the rarest marine mammals in the world, and they have endured a deadly year. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has said there are only about 450 of the whales left and 17 of them have died so far in 2017.
The situation is so dire that American and Canadian regulators need to consider the possibility that the population won't recover without action soon, said John Bullard, the Northeast Regional Administrator for NOAA Fisheries. The high year of mortality is coinciding with a year of poor reproduction, and there are only about 100 breeding female North Atlantic right whales left.
You do have to use the extinction word, because that's where the trend lines say they are. John Bullard
“You do have to use the extinction word, because that's where the trend lines say they are,” Bullard said. “That's something we can't let happen.”
Bullard and other NOAA officials made the comments during a Tuesday meeting of the regulatory New England Fishery Management Council. Mark Murray-Brown, an Endangered Species Act consultant for NOAA, said right whales have been declining in abundance since 2010, with females hit harder than males.
The U.S. and Canada must work to reduce the human-caused deaths of the whales, Murray-Brown said. Vessel-strikes and entanglement in fishing gear are two frequently cited causes of the whales' deaths.
“The current status of the right whales is a critical situation, and using our available resources to recover right whales is of high importance and high urgency,” they said.
The animals give birth in temperate southern waters and then head to New England and Canada every spring and summer to feed. All of this year's deaths were off of New England and Canada.
Some recent scientific studies have shed some light on why whale deaths have ticked up. One, published in the journal Nature Scientific Reports, stated that the whales move around much more than previously thought. Some scientists have posited that whales might be venturing outside of protected areas in search of food, putting themselves in harm's way.
In another study, published last month in the journal Endangered Species Research, scientists examined right whale feces and found whales that suffer long entanglements in fishing gear produce hormone levels that indicate high stress. The stress negatively impacts their ability to reproduce even when they survive entanglement, scientists said.
“My colleagues are trying to find solutions so we can find out how they can continue to fish, but not entangle whales,” said a study co-author, Elizabeth Burgess, an associate scientist with the Anderson Cabot Center for Ocean Life at the New England Aquarium in Boston.
A five-year NOAA review of right whales that was released in October said the animals should remain on the endangered list. It also included recommendations to protect the species. They included developing a long-term plan for monitoring the population trends and habitat use, and studying the impact of commercial fishing on right whales.
Groundbreaking ceremony Wednesday at Clarendon Hall
Last Updated: April 24, 2018 at 1:43 pm
Clarendon Hall plans to break ground on April 25 for its new Wellness Center. Having received a grant from Bank of Clarendon in the amount of $2,500, the monies donated from private donations and grants now total approximately $51,000. While short of their $90,000 goal, this amount will allow the Phase 1 building shell to be erected, and Ritchie Way, Clarendon Hall Athletic Director, hopes the remaining Phase 1 money will be donated by the end of the summer break.
The initial phase will be a 40 x 50-foot building, broken up into one large room with three smaller rooms on one side. The smaller rooms will be an office, a bathroom, and a training room, which will be similar in style to an examining room, used to assess sports injuries.
Phase 2 will require another $90,000 raised, and the 40 x 50-foot addition will house two large locker rooms.
The wellness center will serve the whole school, not just the sports teams. “There will be a treadmill or two and a stationary bicycle or two, as well as free weights,” said Way. According to Way, the equipment will eventually be similar to what is found in any standard public gym.
“Hopefully by the time school gets out May 30 or June 1, the building should be up, and we can actually put our weights and our equipment in it to get started until the rest of the money comes in, so we can finish.” Way says some of the equipment they have is only a year or two old, but some will need to be replaced due to age and wear.
The previous building which housed the equipment needed to be demolished, so a room at the back of the gym is being used to store part of the equipment. The rest is in storage until Phase 1 is completed.
Until Phase 2, the gym locker rooms will be available for showers and changes for the Wellness Center, and a covered walkway will connect the two buildings.
Clarendon Hall has many sports teams including football, basketball, baseball, softball, volleyball, golf, and bowling, and they're trying to find a place to begin a tennis program.
If anyone wishes to donate to the Wellness Center program, please call the front office at Clarendon Hall at (803) 485-3550.
London Fashion Week AW17: your need-to-know guide
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Even uber-doves are now looking over their shoulder.
There have been all kinds of carefully phrased semi-hawkish statements emanating from carefully contained semi-hawkish Fed governors recently. Today, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan repeated what they have been saying for a while – that the “base case” should be three rate hikes this year, and that there could be four, warning, “if we wait to see actual inflation, we'll be too late.”
But it's the most fervent “doves” – when they start getting cold feet as doves – that matter the most when it comes to tightening monetary policy.
One of the most persistent, most vocal doves on the policy setting FOMC has been Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari. They voted against all three rate hikes in 2017, and was vocal about why they did: inflation was too “low.”
They also do not see the asset bubbles all around us, not even the housing bubble, though other Fed governors have fretted about them. They claimed in an essay that “spotting bubbles is hard,” that even if the Fed could see them, it shouldn't do anything to stop them because it had only “limited policy tools,” and because “the costs of making policy mistakes can be very high.”
That's the kind of fervent dove they are. But today, they started looking over their shoulder.
There was a number in the jobs report this morning that got their attention: Average hourly earnings in January gained 2.9% year-over-year, the largest gain since June 2009, hallelujah, finally. Pressures are building up in parts of the economy, and companies are griping they cannot hire enough workers in some professions – or that they would have to pay more, God forbid, to hire them.
Pay increases at the bottom of the wage scale, where they have been sorely lacking, had a lot to do with it: In 18 states and in numerous cities, minimum wages increased on January 1. This also caused spillover effects on wages a few notches up the scale. According to the Economic Policy Institute, these new minimum wages, not counting the spill-over effects, have raised the incomes of 4.5 million workers all at once on January 1.
“The most important thing that I saw in a quick review of the jobs data is wage growth,” Kashkari told CNBC on Friday.
“We've been waiting for wage growth. Everyone has been declaring that we're at maximum employment. More Americans have been coming in, which is a really good thing. But there hasn't been much wage growth. This is one of the first signs that we're seeing wage growth finally starting to pick up. That's good for the public as a whole. I think it's good for the economy overall. But I do think if wage growth continues, that could have an effect on the path of interest rates.”
The path of these interest rates is already winding uphill. For now, everyone at the Fed when they advocate for higher rates keeps repeating the qualifier, “gradual.” But so far, Kashkari has used every opportunity to vote and speak out against any and all rate hikes.
Yet the moment wages tick up, suddenly it gets their attention. It gets every Fed governor's attention. Wage increases give them the willies.
Creating asset price inflation, including the most glorious housing bubble imaginable, became the Fed's publicly stated policy goal under Chairman Bernanke – their infamous “wealth effect” doctrine. And consumer price inflation must always be high enough to eat up wage gains and help companies show growing revenues, but not so high that it blows down the whole house.
But wage inflation is toxic for the Fed. Wage inflation means that people get paid more for the same amount of work. A higher income due to promotions, for example, is not part of wage inflation.
So Kashkari explained to CNBC why they voted against every rate hike last year:
“We've been undershooting our inflation target for basically 10 years. And there has been very muted wage growth.” So to “assess supply and demand in the labor market,” you “start by looking at the price. And the price of labor – wages – had not been climbing. These jobs report now at least shows some signs of wages picking up.”
While “there might still be some slack in the labor market,” they said, “the wage measure is really important.”
In its statement after the January 31 meeting, the Fed specifically pointed at the “low” unemployment rate, and some Fed governors have said that the unemployment rate, at 4.1% for the past four months, might inch down to 3.9% by the end of the year and stay there in 2019, and that these levels would put further pressure on wages as employers might have to raise wages to attract workers.
When wage inflation picks up, the Fed steps on the brakes. Even Kashkari. While they rotated into a non-voting slot at the FOMC this year, they will be just as active during the discussions and in their public appearances. But now, even the most fervent dove is watching wage inflation with a worried eye. And if wage inflation continues to rise, expect some fireworks.
The QE Unwind is now in full swing, with a sense of urgency. No more dilly-dallying around. Read… Fed's QE Unwind Accelerates Sharply
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
A week after the publication of James Comey's A Higher Loyalty kicked off a frenzied news cycle, a quartet of political books out today offer additional fodder for political junkies. The books are Amy Chozick's Chasing Hillary, a memoir of their decade covering two Clinton campaigns; Ronan Farrow's War on Peace, their look at the changing face of American diplomacy; Jonah Goldberg's Suicide of the West, an effort by the conservative writer to account for the problems facing western societies; and Jake Tapper's The Hellfire Club, a fictional account of a deadly conspiracy set in 1954 Washington, DC, with echoes in the present. Farrow (#27), Goldberg (#57), and Chozick (#73) are all in the top 100 bestsellers on Amazon as of this morning (Comey's remains in the top spot).
Given the endless interest in the 2016 election, Chozick's memoir of their time on the trail with Hillary Clinton will likely make the most news. Chozick served as The New York Times's lead reporter on the Clinton campaign, and also covered their 2008 effort during the Democratic primaries. The Washington Post's book critic Carlos Lozada describes Chasing Hillary as “a buffet-style book—media criticism here, trail reminiscences there, political analysis and assorted recollections from Chozick's own past tossed throughout.” Media watchers over the weekend quickly picked out Chozick's reckoning with the role their own paper's coverage of Clinton's email scandal played in the closing month of the most recent campaign. They express regret for focusing on emails hacked from John Podesta's account, allowing, in their view, Times reporters to become “puppets in Vladimir Putin's master plan.” Chozick's colleague Nick Confessore, who shared a byline with them on several of those stories, pushed back against that idea on Twitter.
The other books out today offer broader perspectives on the current political environment. Farrow, fresh off a Pulitzer win for their Harvey Weinstein bombshell, is promoting their look at the State Department in a time of waning influence and budget cuts. They tell NPR that the crisis didn't start under Trump: “It's not unprecedented. This is something that has been a long time coming.” Goldberg, a mainstay at National Review, earned plaudits from The New York Times's David Brooks, who calls Suicide of the West a “debate-shifting book.” Tapper's fictional effort is a departure from their role as a CNN anchor, but BuzzFeed's Ben Smith writes that their thriller “has the best qualities of this sort of historical fiction, which include the winking perspective of the present.”
TRENDING: Meet the journalism student who found out they won a Pulitzer in class
None of these books will have the impact of Comey's look back at their time in the FBI and interactions with Donald Trump, but each offers a window into the state of politics in an era in which interest has never been higher. Below, excerpts from the books that offer a peak at their contents.
Chasing Hillary : The New York Times published an adaptation from Chozick's book with the provocative headline, ““They were never going to let me be president.”
The New York Times published an adaptation from Chozick's book with the provocative headline, ““They were never going to let me be president.” War on Peace : In The New Yorker, Farrow looks at the final days of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State.
In The New Yorker, Farrow looks at the final days of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State. Suicide of the West : National Review published an excerpt from Goldberg's book laying out their thesis of society at the precipice.
National Review published an excerpt from Goldberg's book laying out their thesis of society at the precipice. The Hellfire Club: Entertainment Weekly has the first chapter of Tapper's thriller.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Other notable stories
ICYMI: Sean Hannity in the spotlight
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR staff writer. Follow them on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
In ExtraBITS this week, Apple is buying the Shazam audio-identification app, the Ai.Type keyboard for iOS and Android has leaked the data of over 31 million users, Apple's ban on app templates is hurting small businesses, Apple has patched a HomeKit vulnerability, and the iPhone X's reliance on new gestures has proved to be a complex topic.
Apple Buys the Shazam Audio-identification App -- Apple has confirmed that it is purchasing the popular Shazam app, which identifies songs, TV shows, movies, and ads by their audio signatures. Apple reportedly paid about $400 million for the company and said that it has “exciting plans in store” for Shazam. You can already ask Siri “What's playing?” to identify audio with Shazam, so it's unclear what additional integration Apple has in mind.
Read/post comments
Ai.Type Keyboard for iOS and Android Leaks User Data -- The third-party keyboard company Ai.Type has inadvertently leaked data from over 31 million iOS and Android users, including names, phone numbers, and information associated with social media profiles. Unfortunately, because many third-party keyboards need full access to your data, it's not particularly surprising that one of them would have been hacked or, as in this case, accidentally revealed user information. If you use Ai.Type, you might want to delete it now, and if you rely instead on other third-party keyboards to which you've granted full access, consider the potential problems if they were to leak data as well.
Read/post comments
Apple's Ban on App Templates Is Hurting Small Businesses -- In June 2017, Apple updated its App Store rules to prohibit templated or generated apps, a move that seemed to be aimed at reducing spam apps. Now Apple is warning app template makers who serve small businesses — restaurants, fitness studios, and more — that it will start rejecting their apps on 1 January 2018. App templates and generators are used by small businesses who lack the resources to develop their own apps from scratch. Unfortunately, some of these app makers are already having to shut their doors due to Apple's change in rule enforcement. Apple's move has drawn the attention of Representative Ted Lieu (D, CA), who has asked the company to reconsider.
Read/post comments
HomeKit Vulnerability Discovered, Already Patched -- Zac Hall of 9to5Mac discovered a vulnerability in HomeKit, Apple's home automation framework, that could allow unauthorized control of accessories like smart locks and garage door openers. The good news is that Apple has already closed the security hole on the server side, so your devices are no longer vulnerable. Unfortunately, Apple's server-side fix also prevents you from giving remote access to shared users. A future update to iOS should eliminate the vulnerability and restore full functionality.
Read/post comments
iPhone X Reveals the Pros and Cons of Gestures -- The most radical interface change on the iPhone X is the disappearance of the familiar Home button, which frees up a lot of space for a larger display. But the loss of the Home button means that Apple had to replace its functions with a variety of new gestures. Raluca Budiu of the Nielsen Norman Group explores the interface challenges that gestures face, including discoverability, memorability, and swipe ambiguity. Although Budiu identifies some areas where Apple's approach with the iPhone X stumbles, they praise the Home line as a reminder of the iPhone X's new gestural needs. If you have or are getting an iPhone X, it's worth reading this piece to understand how it changes the iPhone user experience.
Read/post comments
When it comes to fashion sense, Jacqueline Fernandez has always upped the game with their elegant dressing style. The leggy lass recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour. Off course, the teenage girls couldn't get enough of the Sri Lankan beauty's gorgeousness and seemed to be quite inspired by them
The Race 3 actor opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all their performance.
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits, Jacqueline took to their social media saying, "One outfit, many ways!! from Falguni Shane Peacock Ayo Henderson #DabanggTour #DabanggReloaded".
Looking at this, many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too.
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations. It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked them to be such an inspiration. Check it out here-
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for their style quotient or their killer dance moves. The actor is currently leaving no stone unturned in treating their fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour.
The actor will be travelling to different countries during their 21 days Dabangg tour schedule.
Meanwhile, Jacqueline Fernandez who is currently basking in the glory of the blockbuster run of Race 3, is witnessing an upward trend on their Instagram, clocks 19.6 M followers. A source revealed, "Jacqueline has been interacting and posting to their fans extensively. Them interaction growth has been in excess of 45 per cent in the past 3 months. That is a phenomenal rise."
On the work front, Jacqueline Fernandez will be next seen in Sushant Singh Rajput's Drive and Salman Khan's Kick 2.
CLAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) — A man riding a motorcycle is in serious condition after a crash in Clayton.
It happened just after 10 p.m. on Monday on North Main Street near East Greenview Drive.
The Ohio State Highway Patrol says a car failed to yield, turning in front of a motorcycle.
The motorcycle hit the car and the rider was thrown.
They were taken by Careflight to Miami Valley Hospital with serious injuries.
OSP says the rider was not wearing a helmet.
The driver of the car ran away from the scene.
Trotwood Police took them into custody for questioning a short time later.
No charges have been filed yet.
BURLINGTON, VT--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Despite the abundance of weight loss programs and dietary aids available in the market, finding a reliable weight loss solution can be challenging. Creating a diet plan involves not only identifying harmful dietary habits and avoiding certain types of foods but also establishing a regularly active lifestyle. Emotional eating and inactive lifestyles make weight loss even more challenging. Therefore, even dieters who achieve weight loss success may not maintain low weight as the rate of long-term weight loss retention for 5 years or more is as low as 5%. Creating customized diets based on personal dietary needs and weight loss goals is more crucial than ever.
One of the most popular diets that individuals have been able to maintain in the long-term is the Paleo Diet. The Paleo Diet offers a moderate way to reduce excess body fat and lead a healthier lifestyle without aggressively limiting calories or changing lifestyle factors. Generally, it involves consuming foods that were supposedly eaten by early humans and recommends a strict diet of:
Large amounts of meat and fish
Relatively large amounts of fruit and vegetables
Complete exclusion of dairy, grain products and processed food
The Paleo Diet has has been praised for its health benefits and relative flexibility but recent studies have shown that the Paleo Diet may not have been as protein-heavy as initially thought. New archaeological findings indicate that early humans largely relied on plant-based foods with animal protein-based supplements when available. The popular version of the Paleo Diet available in the market has been associated with negative effects caused by extremely high levels of saturated fat and protein and low amounts of vitamin D and calcium. Ancient diets seem to have been more balanced and experimental in terms of plant-based foods, as early humans often explored and adjusted to new environments.
At Diet Doc, a nationally recognized weight loss center, all patients receive weight loss and diet consulting, regardless of their dietary needs or personal weight loss history. With a safe, doctor-supervised diet plan and guidance for life, Diet Doc patients gain the following benefits within the very first month:
Fast and healthy weight loss
Understanding of past weight loss failures
Customized and balanced diet plans that curb hunger and establish a healthy lifestyle
Attention to specific nutritional needs based on body chemistry
Diet Doc programs offer a doctor-supervised diet plan and guidance for life. For patients who struggle with portion control or emotional eating, Diet Doc offers solutions like Metwell, which helps balance metabolism and reduce appetite without harmful side effects. Medical weight loss solutions, even in combination with popular diets like the Paleo Diet, have been shown to be effective when doctor-supervised and customized to an individual's dietary needs, according to Diet Doc's resident medical expert Dr. Rao.
With a team of doctors, nurses, nutritionists and motivational coaches, Diet Doc products help individuals lose weight fast and keep it off. Patients can get started immediately, with materials shipped directly to their home or office. They can also maintain weight loss in the long-term through weekly consultations, customized diet plans, motivational coaches and a powerful prescription program. With Diet Doc, the doctor is only a short phone call away and a fully dedicated team of qualified professionals is available 6 days per week to answer questions, address concerns and support patients.
Getting started with Diet Doc is very simple and affordable. New patients can easily visit https://www.dietdoc.com to quickly complete a health questionnaire and schedule an immediate, free online consultation.
About the Company:
Diet Doc Weight Loss is the nation's leader in medical, weight loss offering a full line of prescription medication, doctor, nurse and nutritional coaching support. For over a decade, Diet Doc has produced a sophisticated, doctor designed weight loss program that addresses each individual specific health need to promote fast, safe and long term weight loss.
Twitter: https://twitter.com/DietDocMedical
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DietDocMedicalWeightLoss/
LinkedIn: https://www.LinkedIn.com/company/diet-doc-weight-loss?trk=biz-brand-tree-co-logo
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Police say they have taken one person into custody Monday morning for questioning after they noticed they were running from the scene of a house fire.
Police say the fire happened at a home near Independence and Colorado.
According to police, the home was boarded up. A homeless man may have been living inside.
Neighbors tell FOX 4 no one has officially lived in the home for at least a year.
Police say there have been a number of fires in the area recently.
Bomb and arson crews were on the scene investigating. They say this is a suspicious fire investigation.
Lab seeks partners to create behavioral interventions that improve financial decision-making for low- to moderate-income people in America
SAN FRANCISCO, CA and DURHAM, NC--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Common Cents Lab, a financial research lab at Duke University supported by MetLife Foundation, today announced that it is accepting applications for its 2018 behavioral design partners.
Each year, the lab collaborates with chosen financial services providers to custom design, test, and launch new features and products that aim to increase financial well-being for 1.8 million low- to moderate-income (LMI) households in America. To apply, please visit http://advanced-hindsight.com/commoncents-lab/applications/.
"Over the past two years, we have shown that behavioral interventions can influence positive, measurable improvements in financial well-being," said Common Cents founder, Behavioral Economics Professor, and New York Times bestselling author Dan Ariely. "We will work closely with this next group of partners to design interventions and products that take advantage of human nature to produce better financial decisions and improved financial health."
In 2017, Common Cents partnered with a mix of top fintech companies, financial nonprofits, and innovative credit unions to increase short- and long-term savings, improve access to credit, and better manage debt and cash flow.
"Common Cents Lab has added rigor to the way in which we build new features that improve our users' lives," said Jimmy Chen, CEO of 2017 cohort member Propel, a startup that helps food stamp recipients manage their benefits.
The Common Cents approach to designing financial interventions is informed by a three-step process for behavioral diagnosis that includes identifying the specific and desired key behaviors, removing the barriers impeding that behavior, and then amplifying the benefits of that behavior.
"MetLife Foundation believes that behavioral science can help improve financial well-being around the world. We've partnered with Common Cents Lab because they are a leader in this field. For the past two years, we've seen them work closely with fintech companies, credit unions, and non-profits to design and deliver products and services to low-income individuals that are making it easier for them to achieve their financial goals," said Evelyn Stark of MetLife Foundation.
About The Common Cents Lab
The Common Cents Lab, supported by MetLife Foundation, is a financial research lab at the Center for Advanced Hindsight at Duke University that creates and tests interventions to help low- to moderate-income households increase their financial well-being. Common Cents leverages research gleaned from behavioral economics to create interventions that lead to positive financial behaviors. The lab is led by famed Behavioral Economics Professor Dan Ariely and is comprised of researchers and experts in product design, economics, psychology, public policy, advertising, business administration, and more.
To fulfill its mission, Common Cents partners with organizations, including fintech companies, credit unions, banks, and nonprofits, that believe their work could be improved through insights gained from behavioral economics. To learn more about Common Cents Lab visit www.commoncentslab.org.
About MetLife Foundation
MetLife Foundation was created in 1976 to continue MetLife's long tradition of corporate contributions and community involvement. Since its founding through the end of 2015, MetLife Foundation has provided more than $744 million in grants and $70 million in program-related investments to organizations addressing issues that have a positive impact in their communities. In 2013, the Foundation committed $200 million to advancing financial inclusion and has reached 3.5 million low-income people in 39 countries to date.
To learn more about MetLife Foundation, visit www.metlife.org.
Antivirus Giant McAfee Acquires VPN Provider TunnelBear
Internet security company McAfee has bought VPN provider TunnelBear. McAfee hasn't announced how much the deal is worth, but in a statement the company said it plans to integrate TunnelBear's services into its own VPN service, Safe Connect.
"We're confident this acquisition will serve both our end users and partners by embedding its best-in-class, hardened network into our Safe Connect product," said McAfee CEO Christopher Young.
The End of Free VPN?
There's a chance this acquisition could spell the end of TunnelBear's free service. It's currently first in our roundup of the best free VPNs , but that could all change when it's integrated into McAfee Safe Connect, which has a different pricing model.
McAfee Safe Connect offers a free seven-day trial, but after that there's a subscription fee of $7.99 per month, or $47.88 per year.
There could also be a change in TunnelBear's terms. The Canadian company is known for its clear privacy policy, which explains every piece of data it collects from its users and why, but once the McAfee purchase is complete, it'll need to abide by US laws. If you currently use TunnelBear, it's well worth keeping an eye out for anything new.
What's Next for McAfee
The start of 2018 has been a busy time for McAfee. At last month's Mobile World Congress, it demonstrated a new feature for Amazon Alexa that lets you check the security of your home network and change its settings with just your voice. For example, you can see how many devices are connected, set a time limit for your child's iPad, and disconnect any devices you don't recognize.
Last month, the company also announced a deal with European internet provider Telefonica, providing security software for home and mobile networks. McAfee Secure Home Platform will be integrated with Telefonica's broadband routers, with extra protection for users' phones when they're out and about.
Could we soon see a voice-activated VPN from McAfee, or routers with TunnelBear tech built in? We'll be keeping an eye out.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: McAfee; Artist's concept.
An 82-year-old woman was at knifepoint during a home invasion in Campbell River on Thursday, according to RCMP.
Police said two masked suspects entered the woman's home in the 1900 block of Holmstrom Road at around 4:10 p.m. According to police, the suspects had a knife and stole an undisclosed number of items.
The elderly woman pulled the mask off one of the suspects, who was a man. They managed to escape from the two suspects during the robbery. Police said the woman was shaken but was not seriously injured during the robbery.
Campbell River RCMP have a number of investigators working on the incident but no arrests have been made. The suspects are not known to the victim.
One of the suspects is described as a man in their early 20s, clean shaven, approximately six-feet-tall. They have brownish hair, white skin, blue eyes and a thin to medium build.
Anyone with information about the robbery or suspicious activity in the area or around the time of the robbery is asked to call their local police. Anyone who wishes to remain anonymous is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Priyanka Chopra To Romance Salman Khan?
As per a DNA report, we might see to see Priyanka Chopra sharing screen space with Salman Khan in Bharat after a gap of 10 years. The two superstars had last starred together in the 2008 film 'God Tussi Great Ho'.
They Are In Talks With Ali Abbas Zafar
The daily quoted a source as saying, "Priyanka has also worked with Ali in Gunday (2014) and shares a good rapport with him. This film will see the three of them collaborate for the first time."
Will They Agree To Be A Part Of This Film?
The source further revealed that apparently Ali met PC in New York recently, where they were shooting for the next season of their international TV series Quantico and said, "The fact that their jodi is coming together after such a long time will surely be exciting news for their fans."
Why Is Priyanka So Secretive About Them Bollywood Projects?
Of late, there have been reports about Priyanka being approached for Aitraaz 2 and Kalpana Chawla biopic. However, we are yet to hear any official word from the leading lady herself.
Earlier when Priyanka was asked about announcing their next Bollywood film, they had said, "Yes, I am, as soon as I put pen to paper. I'm not someone who's into like 'yeh main kar rahi hoon. Yeh announcement karo.' I believe in starting the film and when there is...it's come to a place where you can talk about it, then people should see what I'm talking about because otherwise, there are so many speculations."
Are You Listening To What PeeCee Had To Say?
"I believe I've signed some 20 films, so far. I mean, I'm in conversation with every film that's being made at the moment. And, I am in conversation with a few people. But, that doesn't make a film and that definitely does not make news. Trolling and speculative movie announcements are two things that really need to get out of entertainment news. Then there will be so much more to talk about. When did trolling become news? How can someone's opinion on Twitter become front page headlines? That's another one...that's a pet peeve of mine."
Coming Back To Bharat
Ali had previous spilled the beans about the film and said, "Since the story spans over a period of 70 years, there will be many historical references. It is essentially about a man who lives through several significant moments from India's past to present. We are currently working on the film's pre-production and details will be announced once we are in a position to talk about them."
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Marc-Andre Fleury made 28 saves in their fourth shutout of the playoffs and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights are headed to the Western Conference Final in their inaugural season after beating the San Jose Sharks 3-0 in Game 6 of their second-round series Sunday.
Jonathan Marchessault opened the scoring, Nate Schmidt added an insurance goal that was only detectable by replay and Cody Eakin sealed it with an empty-netter to help Vegas become just the third team in NHL history to win multiple series in its first season.
The Toronto Arenas won the Stanley Cup in the first postseason in league history in 1918 and St. Louis won two rounds to win the all-expansion West Division in 1968.
Next up for Fleury and Vegas will be the Western Conference Final against either Winnipeg or Nashville. The Jets lead that series 3-2 heading into Game 6 on Monday night.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Las Vegas is a hub for sex trafficking, and for years police and other organizations have sought to tackle the issue. What happened frequently in the past is sex trafficking victims would be charged with prostitution, while the "Johns" and pimps get off scot-free.
That's part of the reason Annie Lobert said they wanted to start Destiny's House. It's a place for women who are sex-trafficked to get the help they need to leave those situations.
“It is exactly like the mafia. A girl leaves their pimp and the hunt is on. There is a hit on their head because the [pimp] is now long between $300 and 600 thousand, maybe even a million.”
From the street, Destiny's House looks like any home in any neighborhood, and that's the point. The home is meant to protect women from the pimps looking for them, and allow the victims a chance to get back to a normal life. But that doesn't always happen.
“Our house in Henderson, we had pimps show up with guns,” Lobert said. “It happens. It happens.”
Lobert decided to create Destiny's House after their own experience. They were sex trafficked for 10 years and when they decided to leave, they said they had nowhere to go and no help. Now they use their own experience and hardships to find victims and get them the help they need.
“I have seen as young as 10 and as old as 60,” they said about the victims she's come across. “For ladies that go back, they go back about five to seven times before they actually quit for good.”
Lobert isn't alone in their standing up to pimps and protecting victims conquests, they also work closely with Laurin Crosson. Crosson has a house like Destiny's House in Utah. They said people reach out to her, and they come down to Las Vegas to get them, and brings them back to Utah.
“[And for the pimps], they can just go to a mall, or a skate rink to get a new girl because it's not worth the drive,” they said.
Lobert and Crosson said a majority of victims are under 18, and come from the foster care system. They also said the majority of victims they help believe their trafficker is their boyfriend or fiancé and most don't understand they're being trafficked.
The sex trafficking industry is a billion dollar a year industry, they said, and for these two women, their only goal is to take a little chunk of that everyday.
“We are little fires,” Lobert said. “Lets light a fire, we are little torches just light, and light your neighbors and spread it and soon we'll have a ring of fire and then the traffickers can't get to their victims.”
For more information on Annie Lobert and Destiny's house visit their website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
In this June 13, 2017 photo, Keith Cozart, known as Chief Keef, appears at Minnehaha County Court in Sioux Falls, S.D. The Chicago rapper has been released from a jail in South Dakota where they were charged with marijuana possession. Cozart, was arrested Monday at the Sioux Falls Regional Airport where officials say marijuana was found in their carry-on bag. (Joe Ahlquist/The Argus Leader via AP)
The Associated Press
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The Nathan's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog Eating Contest, which takes place in Coney Island, on the edge of New York City, is competitive eating's biggest event of the year. Joey Chestnut, who ate 72 hot dogs in 10 minutes, is the reigning male champion. The legendary competitive eater has won the event 10 times and holds the hot dog-eating world record (73). Miki Sudo, who ate 41 hot dogs last year, is the defending female champion.
While the spectacle draws attention every Fourth of July holiday, it is, at its heart, an athletic competition with highly trained professionals competing. Participants must qualify, and rules are in place to ensure safety and fairness.
Major League Eating (originally the International Federation of Competitive Eating) oversees all professional eating events, including the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest. It was founded in 1997 by brothers George and Richard Shea to be a central resource for all things related to competitive eating. Since then, it has become the international governing body for competitive eating, putting on about 80 events per year and working with professional eaters, including Chestnut, Sonya Thomas, Patrick Bertoletti, and others.
Aspiring contestants must first win one of the many local qualifier events, which take place around the country in the weeks leading up to the main event. The defending champion gets an automatic bid, and a couple of wildcards (determined by average score) along with special MLE guests are also invited.
The July 4th event is divided into male and female divisions, with about 20 competitors in each. Contestants have 10 minutes to eat as many hot dogs and buns as they can, with a total prize purse of $40,000 on the line. A master of ceremonies presides over the challenge, commenting on the event and engaging the crowd. A panel of judges weighs in on any possible infractions, close calls and so on.
So what are some of the rules?
A hot dog and its bun must be completely consumed to be counted, but they can be eaten separately. There are a few approaches allowed, including ‘dunking' and ‘chipmunking.' When food is doughy or comes in a bun (like a hot dog), a contestant can dunk it in liquid before putting it in their mouth. But it can only stay submerged for a very short time, to avoid anything dissolving. Food may be consumed in small pieces to cut down on chewing time. Chipmunking is when a contestant stuffs their mouth with small bites of food right before time expires. Any food that is swallowed within 30 seconds counts toward the total.
An eater can be penalized for messy eating and disqualified for vomiting if the regurgitation touches the table or their plate. After time expires, eaters may relieve themselves however they wish. Ties are decided by a five-hot dog eat off, followed by one-hot dog rounds of sudden death. Condiments are allowed but rarely used.
A top priority is, of course, safety, stating on the International Federation of Competitive Eating website, “all sanctioned competitive eating matches take place in a controlled environment with proper safety measures in place.” For safety reasons, practicing in one's home or participating in competitive eating before the age of 18 is not recommended.
While IFOCE discourages training, many professionals still undergo rigorous training programs to increase stomach elasticity, jaw strength and eating speed. Some competitive eaters will quickly drink gallons of water or eat lots of watermelon or oatmeal to stretch out their stomachs before events. Trencherman extraordinaire Joey Chestnut conducts personal time tests, eating Nathan's hot dogs for months prior the annual 4th of July event.
It's too late to qualify for this year's July 4th event, but this year's holiday cookout could kick off your training for next year. That is, if you have the stomach for it.
By Norm Elrod
Immigration enforcement officers in Sackville Street before the raid
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman working at a nail bar in Reading has been arrested by immigration enforcement officers.
Officers arrested the 41-year-old Chinese woman for overstaying their visa during a raid shortly after 10am on Monday, February 14.
Owners of Elegant Hair & Nails, in Union Street, now face a hefty fine of up to £20,000 if it can't prove all the necessary right to work checks were made.
A home office spokesperson said the woman was being detained while their case is progressed.
Carla Johnson, head of the South Central Immigration Enforcement team, said: "Those who use and exploit illegal workers face severe financial penalties.
"We are happy to work with businesses to ensure the right pre-employment checks are carried out, but those intent on operating outside the law will be found and will be punished.
(Photo: UGCTMS)
"Using illegal labour is not victimless. It cheats the taxpayer, undercuts honest businesses and cheats legitimate job seekers of employment opportunities.
"All of our operations are intelligence led and I would encourage people with detailed and specific information about illegal immigration to contact us."
People with information about suspected immigration abuse can contact www.gov.uk/report-immigration-crime or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111
If you've converted your kid's bedroom into a craft room, reading or workspace, man cave or fitness center after they or they left for college, you may have to convert it back. It appears more grads are moving back home when finished with their studies to look for work and ease into the real world of rent and bills.
However, a new study from North Carolina State University suggested that too much financial help from parents could stunt their children's future success by creating too much dependency on the worry-free living.
The study looked at 7,500 young adults between the ages of 18 and 28 and used data from the panel study of Income Dynamics which also tracks job status. It showed that while kids who enjoy rent and bill-free living ranked five points higher on the researcher's scale of occupational status, they scored 10 points lower on the than grads who became totally independent after college.
It's estimated that kids save upwards of $15,000 a year while living rent and bill-free at home. Roughly 19 percent of the young adult population is living with one or both parents.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Circassia halts allergy programme after failed trials
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Senegal has recalled experienced defender Cheikh Mbengue and striker Moussa Sow to their 23-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The pair had missed November's World Cup qualifier in South Africa.
Henri Saviet of St Etienne was also recalled by coach Aliou Cisse.
The squad includes 12 players who competed at the last Nations Cup finals in Equatorial Guinea, where Senegal failed to get past the first round.
Senegal play in Group B against Algeria, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
The post Mbengue, Moussa Sow back in Senegal's AFCON Squad appeared first on COMPLETE ENTERTAINMENT.
RHTY&SC congratulates six members on National Female Team Selection
The Patron, Management and Members of the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS is extending congratulation the six Club Members who were selected recently to play for Guyana in the upcoming Cricket West Indies Female Cricket Tournament, a release from the club informed. The six players that would represent Guyana in Jamaica from the 8th June are Shemaine Campbelle, Erva Giddings, Melanie Henry, Shabika Gajnabi, Plaffiana Millington and Shaneta Grimmond. Two of our members Dian Prahalad and Sherica Campbelle were also named as standby.
The Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS is very proud of all of our members and wishes them all the best in Jamaica. We are confident that the Guyana Team would do well in the Tournament and make our country proud.
Special congratulations are also extended to Shemaine Campbelle on their appointment to the Captaincy of the Guyana Female Team. Shemaine is a National Leader and is known as a Leader who leads by example on the cricket field. The selection of the six Club Members is a fitting reward to the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS as we are the only Cricket Club to invest in female cricket in Guyana. The Rose Hall Town Metro Female Cricket Team was established in 2009 and over the last decade has produced numerous players for Berbice, Guyana and the West Indies. Campbelle and Gajnabi are currently at the West Indies Training Camp while Erva Giddings has also played at the International level.
2018 has been a remarkable year for us at the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sorts Club as to date we have produce three National Under-15, four for the National Female Under-19 and now, six in the Senior Team. Clinton Pestano and Assad Fudadin have represented Guyana and Jamaica respectively at the Senior level. With Kevin Sinclair, Kevlon Anderson, Junior Sinclair and Keith Simpson being outstanding performers at the Under-19 level, we are confident of more National Players in 2018. Jonathan Rampersaud, one of our National Under-15 players has also been called up to a West Indies Training Camp.
The Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS would like to salute all of our players and publicly acknowledged the contributions of our official cricket sponsors, who on a yearly basis invest into the development of our youths. We share our successes with Metro Office Supplies, King Solomon Logistics, Poonai Pharmacy, Farfan & Mendes Ltd, Bakewell, Peps D.D.L, Scotia Bank and Gizmos & Gadgets.
The Electric Daisy Carnival grounds were decorated with lit amusements and stages in the infield of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on June 21, 2015. (Source: aLive Coverage for Insomniac)
The Electric Daisy Carnival is one of the biggest raves in the world. And while rave drugs may be growing in popularity, EDC has a zero tolerance policy.
"No matter how hard Insomniac tried to prevent [drug use], it's going to happen," Madalyn McElwain said.
Insomniac who puts on EDC, said they expect 400,000 people to attend the three-day festival and the DEA said with that many people coming to town, it's inevitable some will be looking for drugs, and that's what has them concerned.
DEA assistant special agent, Dan Niell said, "This is 700 ecstasy tablets being sold which turned out to be meth," while showing a picture of blue pills.
Niell said their concern is that, people who are buying street drugs and they are not getting what they think they are. Instead they're getting 'fake street drugs' laced with dangerous chemicals like fentanyl.
"Folks are using it and not realizing it and getting it," they said. "(Two-hundredths of a microgram) of it is a fatal dose."
Fentanyl is a synthetic drug with a high risk for addiction, and the DEA said it's been flooding into Las Vegas and being mixed with all kinds of street drugs. Niell said fentanyl is usually manufactured in Mexico and makes its way up Interstate 15 through California and into the valley.
"When you look at photos, you cannot tell the difference between oxycodone, fake oxycodone and ecstasy."
And while a surge in fentanyl is scary enough, it's not even the most sinister thing the DEA is seeing, they said.
"Fentanyl is 100 times more potent than morphine and 50 times more potent than hero," Niell said. "Now carfentanil is 10 times more potent than fentanyl. And it's an elephant tranquilizer."
This spike in 'fake' or adulterated street drugs had garnered the nonprofit Dance Safe a lot of attention. Their organization specialized in harm reduction at festivals like EDC, and even sells a drug test kit. The testing kit allows for people to test what chemicals are in the drugs they purchase. While many argue they are encouraging and facilitating drug use, the group said they're mitigating harm.
"I'll tell you when we check these substances and people find out it's not MDMA, a lot of people make a different decision," Madalyn McElwain with Dance Safe said.
Dance Safe said they go to festivals around the world but receive push back from Insomniac, the parent company of EDC. Dance Safe said Insomniac won't allow them on property because of "the rave act." It's a piece of legislation that allows for lawsuits if a company hosts an event which knowingly has drug use. McElwain said that's wrong.
"Just having this information over the weekend can help prevent deaths."
Last year at EDC there were a total of 1090 total medical calls, and 95 felony arrests.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
JEFFERSON TOWNSHIP, Ohio (WDTN) — A man riding a motorcycle was killed in a three-vehicle crash in Clinton County.
The crash happened around 10:40 p.m. on Sunday on U.S. 68.
The Ohio State Highway Patrol says a car was stopped in the southbound lane of U.S. 68 waiting to turn into a private driveway.
Another vehicle going south on U.S. 68 hit the back of the car and caromed into the northbound lane.
The vehicle hit a motorcycle going north on U.S. 68. The driver of the motorcycle, Jerran Adkins, was pronounced dead at the scene.
A passenger on Adkins' motorcycle, Jennifer Adkins, was taken by helicopter to Miami Valley Hospital with serious injuries.
OSP says neither Jerran nor Jennifer Adkins was wearing a helmet.
The drivers of the car and the other vehicle were not injured in the crash.
The crash remains under investigation.
DUBLIN, Ohio – Having held the No. 1 spot on the Official World Golf Ranking – seven different times – Rory McIlroy is eminently qualified to speak about the challenges of being considered the top golfer on the planet.
They did not make it sound like much fun.
“I think it's really hard to try and play as a world number one,” the Ulsterman began as they held court Wednesday at Muirfield Village Golf Club. “I think it's really difficult. I mean, you got so much pressure on your shoulders. I mean, there's a bulls-eye on your back. It's just really tough.”
Sitting in the back of the room was Justin Thomas, who is making their first start this week with the bulls-eye on their back. Thomas overtook Dustin Johnson as world No. 1 after they fired a closing 66 to finish T-11 at the Players.
McIlroy, of course, knew Thomas was in the room. They were jabbing him. Then they offered a figurative slap on the back.
“Look, obviously, there's a reason JT is number one in the world,” McIlroy said after the laughter subsided. “It's because he's been playing great golf, and I think that as long as when you're number one in the world, the demands on your time are a little bit more and as long as you don't forget what got you to that point. And he's great, they practices hard, and they do all the right things, so he's not going to forget that. But you've just got to manage your time a little bit better and find the time to stay there.”
The task begins Thursday at Muirfield Village when Thomas joins reigning Masters champion Patrick Reed and Rickie Fowler on the first tee at 8:15 a.m. EDT for the opening round of the Memorial Tournament. Winner of the 2017 PGA Championship, Thomas, a native of suburban Louisville, actually will sport two bulls-eyes as No. 1 in the world and the top-ranked player in the FedEx Cup standings – the same position they occupied at the end of last season when they also are chosen PGA Tour Player of the Year.
Thomas received a trophy for winning the Jack Nicklaus Award as player of the year last fall. They were awarded $10 million to go along with a trophy for their FedEx Cup triumph. The Wannamaker Trophy sits in their house for capturing the PGA, their first major title.
A computer screen shot was their only memento when their name moved ahead of Johnson to the top of the world rankings.
“I enjoyed it for a couple days when I had the two weeks off, but after that it was over with,” said the 24-year-old Florida resident, who has two wins this season. “I wasn't really thinking about it. Like I said, it's odd because nothing comes with it. Like when you win a tournament, you win, you get a trophy, you get a lot of money, you do a press conference afterwards.”
RELATED: Justin Thomas: My Shot
The real reward is satisfaction.
“Seeing every other golfer in the world behind my name was a pretty fun thing,” said Thomas, who was up late enough to actually see their name listed second one minute and then first the next after they refreshed the screen on the OWGR website.
“Yeah, you definitely don't get anything for number one. But it is nice being labeled as the best golfer in the world,” said Johnson, who held the top spot for 65 weeks but wasn't distinctly downtrodden for losing it.
“He's been playing very well, and, obviously, he's been playing a little bit better than me, so they deserved to pass me,” said the 2016 U.S. Open champion.
“It's a great feeling, knowing that you're walking on to the range or walking to a golf tournament as the number one player in the world,” said McIlroy, whose seventh stint atop the heap lasted all of one week, from Sept. 13-19, 2015 as they sparred with Jason Day and Jordan Spieth. “It's a life-long dream for all of us out here and to be able to do it is really cool. So I mean I think they should just enjoy it, but at the same time not forget what got them there in the first place.”
That's not likely to happen, and they begin their defense of the top ranking at an event where they finished T-4 just a year ago and feels like a home game of sorts. It should. Their father Mike, a club pro, is an Ohio native, and their 86-year-old grandfather Paul, a retired club pro, lives in Columbus.
“Yeah, this is a place that I love coming to,” Thomas said. “It's a golf course that I really enjoy, it's a city that I like, it's the closest, about the closest I get to Louisville in terms of an event that happens every year. So this is, I get some friends to come, it's as close as I can get to feeling a home event.”
Thomas won their other “home” event earlier this year when they captured the Honda Classic in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla., just a few miles from their house in Jupiter. They defeated Luke List in a sudden-death playoff at PGA National's Champion Course – designed by Nicklaus, who, of course, is the man who created Muirfield Village.
Jason Dufner won the 42nd Memorial last year while holding off Thomas, Fowler and Matt Kuchar, the 2013 Memorial winner, among others. Prior to that effort, Thomas had finished 37th in their debut in 2014 and then missed the cut the following two years. They had their chances on Sunday but a series of missed opportunities cost them a sixth win of the season.
“That's the difference between finishing fourth and winning,” they noted, something they know all too well, especially when they have grown accustomed to the winning part.
They have the trophies to prove it. And the No. 1 ranking, too.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials are still saying little about how the victim died.
Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Them boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers.
 They are scheduled for trial in March, which a prosecutor cited as a reason for continuing to withhold information on the case.
Crews' attorney, Steven Mottinger, said afterward that the guilty pleas will help their client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole.
“Ms. Crews early on indicated that they wanted to take responsibility for their actions,” Mottinger said. “From where I stand, they took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said their death was a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Cass County State's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details aren't likely to be released until after Hoehn's case is finished.
“As you're well aware, this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined,” Burdick said outside the courtroom. “At least our office will be rather circumspect until we've got both cases resolved. Then we can elaborate more fully.”
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police they arranged to have Greywind come to their apartment and told them how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give them the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. They said they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.”
Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Authorities have not said how the baby was delivered. The baby is now in the custody of their father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters they sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence. Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved.
“Cases like this we start with initial police reports, lab reports,” Mottinger said. “Things come in over a period of time. It's a step-by-step by process.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Pehredaar Piya Ki has been in controversy ever since it was announced for unusual concept. The viewers are extremely upset as they feel the show's content is 'obnoxious and perverted' and create a negative impact in children.
They had started an online petition which was addressed to Union Cabinet Minister of Textiles and Information and Broadcasting (Additional Charge), Smriti Irani, demanding a ban on the show. It was even said that I&B ministry has taken the matters to the BCCC (Broadcasting content complaints council) seeking immediate action on the plea.
Pehredaar Piya Ki Makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal Initially, when Shashi Mittal was asked regarding the petition, they refused to comment. But, at the recently held press conference the makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal have finally broken their silence and clarified their stance. Regarding The Notice When asked if they received any notice from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Sakshi was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "No, we haven't received any notice from the authority." Don't Judge The Show Without Watching It! They added that if they get any notice, they are ready to give their explanation as they know that they haven't shown anything wrong in the story. Shashi requested people to not judge the show without watching it. Will The Makers Change The Plot If They Receive Any Notice From BCCC? Sumeet said, "No, we will rather request them to know the content before making any decision. So far, we have no plan to change the plot of the show." The makers feel that people are commenting on the show without watching it. Karan Wahi's Comment Karan Wahi commented against the show, and later deleted it as well. Regarding this Sumeet said, "I think it was irresponsible of them to say that." The Makers To Send A Letter To Karan Wahi … "I will ask my office to send a letter to Karan Wahi, requesting and asking them why they gave a statement like that. If they have something to say, they would also have a reason for it. And If I get an answer from him, I will definitely share it with the media." Regarding Honeymoon Scene In the press conference, the makers also clarified that they are not promoting the child marriage. Regarding honeymoon scene, the makers added that there is no such scene on the show.
They clarified that if they notice, it was Ratan's family who were making fun and insulting Diya for marrying Ratan who is half them age.
Ratan's family members are seen "intentionally creating uncomfortable situations for the couple by decorating a room for their 'suhag raat' and asking Ratan to go for a 'honeymoon'."
But on the show, there are no lovemaking scenes.
For the initiated, Pehredaar Piya Ki is set in the background of Royal Rajasthan. Tejaswi Prakash Wayangankar plays the role of 18-year-old Princess Diya, who marries nine-year-old groom Ratan Singh (played by Afaan Khan) in order to guard him!
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption Sanjeev Mittal was jailed for five years
A private tutor from Birmingham has been jailed for five years for abusing two girls during home school lessons.
Sanjeev Mittal, 49, inappropriately touched an eight-year-old and a 10-year-old after they were hired to help them prepare for 11-plus exams, West Midlands Police said.
They were found guilty of nine counts of sexual assault of a girl under 13.
A police spokesperson said they may have tutored hundreds of children and urged concerned parents to come forward.
Mittal ran Birmingham-based JS Home Tutors and charged £50 per hour for their services.
They abused the two girls at their home in Selwyn Road in Edgbaston, the force said.
It said one girl was also assaulted at their home address while their mother was in another room nearby.
The force said it was alerted by the NSPCC after the parents of one victim contacted the charity with concerns.
Det Con Sarah Jones said: "He was offering tutoring services for the last 10 years and their mobile phone had more than 100 contact numbers for parents.
"If any parents suspect their children may have suffered at Mittal's hands then I would ask them to get in touch."
Mittal was found not guilty of one count of sexual assault of a female child under 13.
Stevenson actually had an opportunity to add to their impressive line when they batted in the top of the 13th inning, though Hartford opted to intentionally walk the Senators' leadoff hitter. They would come around to score on a double later in the frame, providing Harrisburg with an important insurance run. They scored four runs in the contest, matching their total from their previous nine games.
Ryan McMahon also had a memorable game for the losing Yard Goats. The Rockies' No. 8 prospect set career highs with five hits and six RBIs, ultimately finishing a double shy of hitting for the cycle. They knotted the score at 12 apiece with their third home run of the season, a game-tying, three-run shot with two outs in the bottom of the ninth, and tallied singles both in the 12th and 13th innings to finish 5-for-7.
McMahon, 22, is batting a robust .413 through 11 games to begin the season, and they now pace all Eastern League hitters with 14 RBIs.
Together the two teams combined to score 30 runs on 30 hits in a game that required five hours, 35 minutes to complete.
The rest of the best performances from top prospects Monday
• No. 59 overall prospect Dominic Smith walked it off for Triple-A Las Vegas with a two-run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning. The deep fly was the second of the season for the (Mets' No. 2 prospect), who's now batting .395 after going 3-for-5 with three RBIs and two runs scored on Monday.
• No. 92 overall prospect Jeimer Candelario (Cubs' No. 4) hit their third home run and drove in two runs to increase their Minor League-leading RBI total to 18. Mark Zagunis and Victor Caratini — the Cubs' No. 6 and No. 12 prospects — each hit their first home run of the season and combined for seven RBIs, though it wasn't enough to keep Triple-A Iowa from falling to Round Rock, 10-9.
• No. 97 overall prospect Ronald Acuna's (Braves' No. 7) solo home run in the top of the ninth inning accounted for the lone run in Class A Advanced Florida's 2-1 loss against Fort Myers. It was the 19-year-old's first home run of the season after they went deep four times in 42 games last season in what was an injury-marred campaign.
• Athletics' No. 14 prospect Dakota Chalmers entered in relief in the fifth inning and proceeded to strikeout 10 (a new career high for the right-hander) of the 13 batters they faced over four one-hit innings in Class A Beloit's extra-inning loss against Kane County. The 2015 third-rounder allowed six earned runs in six innings across their first two turns for the Snappers.
• Astros' No. 19 prospect Ronnie Dawson enjoyed their first multihit game of the season, going 3-for-6 with a triple, a double and two RBIs as Class A Quad Cities hammered Burlington, 15-1. Jake Rogers (No. 22) also collected three hits, including their first home run, in the rout, while right-hander Jorge Alcala (No. 29) tossed five scoreless innings of one-hit ball to pace the River Bandits on the mound.
• Cardinals' No. 8 prospect Jack Flaherty was outstanding once again for Double-A Springfield, tossing 7 2/3 scoreless frames against Midland to record their third win in as many starts. The 21-year-old righty allowed just two hits, walked one and struck out nine in the outing, throwing 63 of their 99 pitches for strikes. They own a 0.42 ERA through 21 1/3 innings for the Cardinals, with 19 strikeouts, two walks and nine hits allowed.
• Mariners' No. 4 prospect Andrew Moore recorded their first win of the season, tossing seven innings of one-run ball, as Double-A Arkansas defeated San Antonio, 3-1. The earned run allowed by the 22-year-old right-hander was their first in three starts. He's posted a 0.47 ERA over 19 innings in the span, during which he's complied 16 strikeouts against just three walks and nine hits.
• Rangers' No. 4 prospect Ronald Guzman connected on their second home run and drove in four runs to help power Triple-A Round Rock past Iowa. The 22-year-old first baseman finished 3-for-5 at the plate to improve their average to .391 through 12 games.
• Tigers' No. 7 prospect Michael Gerber went 4-for-5 on Monday to extend their hitting streak to seven games for Double-A Erie. One of those hits was their second home run of the season, a two-run shot in the first inning, and they also picked up their third stolen base in the contest. With the four-hit performance, Gerber improved their average to from .237 to .302.
• Twins' No. 26 prospect Lachlan Wells retired the first 13 batters they faced en route to tossing seven scoreless innings as Class A Advanced Fort Myers edged Florida, 2-1. The 20-year-old righty scattered three hits and fanned eight while finding the zone with 68 of their 91 pitches. Wells, who pitched for Team Australia in the World Baseball Classic, owns a 0.64 ERA and a 17-to-1 strikeout-to-walk ratio in 14 innings (three starts) this season.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
College students who think their parents are more accepting of drinking tend to drink more, a new study shows.
“One part of this can be… not reinforcing or making jokes about college being a crazy time when everyone takes risks without consequences.”
Researchers asked students about their drinking habits and how much they believed their parents were accepting of them drinking during their first four years of college. They found that the more students thought their parents approved, the more alcohol the students tended to drink.
The study, which appears in Addictive Behaviors, suggests that parents can still influence their children well into young adulthood, says Jennifer Maggs, professor of human development and family studies at Penn State.
No joke
“In the early years of college, parents can still play a role in providing positive feedback and encouragement for young adult students to make healthy lifestyle choices. One part of this can be supporting safe choices about drinking alcohol, and not reinforcing or making jokes about college being a crazy time when everyone takes risks without consequences.”
As the transition to adulthood—a phase of development that includes the college years—becomes longer, the role parents play in their children's development during this time could also be increasing. Risky behavior, including drug and alcohol use, also tends to peak during this time, the researchers say.
While other research has looked at how parent permissibility affects how much their children drink, most studies only looked at these factors at one point in time, often in the last year of high school or early in college. The researchers say that measuring how parent permissibility and drinking changed over time would give a better picture of how the two were related.
“We gathered data on how these attitudes change from the last year of high school through the third year of college. It's interesting because a lot of parents aren't super permissive of drinking during high school, which makes sense,” says first Brian Calhoun, a graduate student in human development and family studies.
“But then when students get to college, they are in a different environment with much less supervision, and they're getting closer to the legal drinking age. It ended up being interesting to see how students' perceptions of their parents' attitudes about alcohol changed as students moved into and through college.”
Parents and attitudes about alcohol
The researchers used surveys from 687 Penn State students that asked about the students' drinking habits and how much they believed their parents would approve of them drinking, gathering data at regular check points across four years of college.
The analysis showed that the more students believed their parents approved of them drinking, the more alcohol they tended to drink.
“On average, students who thought their parents were more accepting of drinking tended to drink more,” Calhoun says. “Many students might have had parents who didn't approve of drinking in high school, but when they went to college or got closer to turning 21, they believed that their parents' attitudes relaxed and students' drinking increased.
“However, some parents seemed to always be more accepting of their kids drinking, and other parents never seemed to be that accepting of their kids drinking.”
To learn more about these patterns, the researchers arranged the students into four groups or “clusters” according to how students' perceptions of their parents' permissibility changed: one group with parents who consistently didn't approve of drinking, one with parents who consistently approved of high levels of drinking, one with parents who began approving of higher levels of drinking around age 21, and one with parents who began approving of higher levels of drinking when the students started college.
“When you look at these groups, parents in the most permissive group were perceived as being more tolerant of high levels of drinking across the board, but the other three are at about the same level in the last year of high school,” Calhoun says.
“But then when students get to college, there seem to be noticeable differences in when parents were perceived as becoming more accepting of drinking, and those differences in timing were related to how much the students drank.”
It's important to point out that while researchers found an association between how many students thought their parents approved of drinking and how many students drank, they can't say for sure that parent permissibility actually causes increased drinking, Calhoun says.
It's possible that parents only become more permissive after learning their kids are already drinking regularly. Still, the study does offer evidence that parents' attitudes toward drinking matter.
“We're seeing that parenting still matters during the college years,” Calhoun says. “It's still not exactly clear what parents should be saying to college students about drinking, but what they're saying seems to be linked with college students' behavior.”
Eric Loken, associate professor of educational psychology at the University of Connecticut, contributed to the research.
The University Life Study was supported by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism.
Source: Penn State
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
KMAX, compute, storage and networking in an integrated platform, will be on display at the show
CHARLOTTE, NC and CAMBRIDGE, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - KALEAO, a technologically innovative server solutions company, announced today that its flagship compute, storage, and networking solution, KMAX will be on display at IP Expo Manchester, to be held April 26th and 27th at Manchester Central. KALEAO will be located at stand L230.
"After introducing our KMAX platform at IP Expo in London last year, we are looking forward to attending the event in Manchester," said Giampietro Tecchiolli, CEO, KALEAO. "KMAX has been widely recognized as a significant player in the hyperconverged market, poised to provide to the marketplace more operational efficiency, better service and lower TCO. We are truly looking forward to the near future as KMAX delivers its unique value across the server and hyperconverged markets."
KMAX is available in two editions; a Server Edition, that includes KALEAO hardware and essential software for an open, tightly converged platform, or the Appliance Edition, built on the KMAX server with full true hyperconverged functionality in an integrated, turn-key, appliance-based solution.
With six top IT events under one roof, 100+ exhibitors and 100+ free to attend seminar sessions, IP EXPO Manchester touts itself as being the must-attend Manchester IT event of the year for CIOs, heads of IT, security specialists, heads of insight and tech experts. The event showcases brand new exclusive content and senior level insights from across the IT industry, and will feature the latest technological developments in IT. IP EXPO Manchester incorporates six events under one roof including: Cloud, Cybersecurity, Networks & Infrastructure, AI, Analytics & IOT, DevOps and Open Source.
About KALEAO:
KALEAO is spearheading the new generation of enterprise and cloud computing by natively converging computation, storage, networking and virtualization into compact, energy efficient, transparent, integrated hardware and software solutions. Its flagship product, KMAX, offers true converged infrastructure in an extremely compact, scalable and low power platform. KMAX provides all of the benefits of hyperconvergence with advanced software defined hardware and integrated appliance level web-scale application delivery and management platform. KMAX delivers more for less, enabling the effortless deployment and management of the services required across the cloud and modern business. Find out more about KMAX and KALEAO at www.kaleao.com
Sunday Holiday, the family entertainer which was released on 13th July 2017 has already earned the superhit status in Kerala. The movie, which features Asif Ali and Aparna Balamurali in the lead roles, is directed by Jis Joy.
When it completed the first 30 days at the Kerala box office, Sunday Holiday has successfully entered the 14-Crore club. The Asif Ali movie has made a total gross collection of 14.27 Crores from the Kerala releasing centres.
It is a highly impressive collection for a film, which was made with a medium budget and released without much huge pre-release hype. The word of mouth publicity has immensely helped Sunday Holiday, in reaching the audiences.
Sunday Holiday had made a strictly average opening at the Kerala box office, by collecting Rs. 1.27 Crores within the first two days. The movie had crossed the 7-Crore mark within the first 10 days, and 13-Crore mark, within the first 25 days.
Alencier Ley Lopez and Sruthi Ramachandran has essayed the other pivotal roles in Sunday Holiday, which is produced by Maqtro Productions. The outside Indian box office collection report of the Asif Ali movie is expected to be revealed soon.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
All New Leash on Life dogs must be adopted to families willing to have their pets be allowed inside, especially at night. No dog is allowed to be put on a “tie out” or chain outside and should be walked on a leash when not in a fenced in yard.
Buddy is an awesome 4-year-old brown-and-white longhaired tabby that has almost 16 pounds worth of love to share. This young man is a love bug who enjoys getting their belly rubbed, head scratched and can't wait for cuddle time. Buddy is litter box trained, neutered, micro-chipped and current on vaccines. Anyone can come meet this fabulous gentleman and adopt them into the family for $50.
All cats must be indoor only and shall not be declawed.
The 18th annual Bark in the Park will be May 12 from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m. at the James E. Ward Agricultural Center at 945 E. Baddour Pkwy. in Lebanon. This year's event will include games, giveaways, agility and lure course and more. Hounds and humans of all ages are welcome, and admission will be free.
Snap, Buddy and many other dogs and cats are available for adoption at New Leash on Life's Adoption Center at 507 W. Baddour Pkwy. in Lebanon. The adoption center is open for adoptions Tuesday through Friday from noon until 5 p.m. and Saturdays from 11 a.m. until 6 p.m. The center is closed Sundays and Mondays. Also visit the Luv-A-Pet Center at the Mt. Juliet PetSmart during regular store hours to meet more of New Leash's kitties available for adoption. New Leash also has dogs available for adoption every Sunday from 1-4 p.m. at the PetSmart in Mt. Juliet at Providence Marketplace. For more information, call 615- 444-1144, look for New Leash on Life on Facebook and visit newleashonline.org.
At Country K-9 Rescue, hounds are clowns, right? So there's no doubt how happy and playful Hazel the hound is – but just look what a beauty they are, too. This long-legged treeing walker coonhound mix is about 1-2 years old.  They are great with other dogs and even ignores the sluggo office cats at the shelter. Hazel is spayed and current on shots. They have tested heartworm positive but treatment was started and will be covered by the rescue. It would be great for Hazel to have a foster or adopter to complete treatment with and maybe to clown around. For more information, contact the kennel at 615-444-8011.
Also at Country K-9 Rescue, the “E” word – exercise – is one New Year's resolution that may already be broken. Well, here's a solution to the resolution – Elle. Elle is a young mountain cur-pit mix about 8 months old.  They are an active, happy pup looking for an active, happy adopter. They use a doggie door at the kennel and keeps their kennel area clean. Elle loves playtime with other dogs and meets people with a wagging tail. A fenced yard and active adopter family would be the perfect fit for this brindle beauty.  They are healthy, spayed, current on shots, wormed and micro-chipped. For more information on Elle, contact the kennel at 615-444-8011.
One of the goals at Country K-9 Rescue is to reduce unwanted litters by promoting spay and neuter of area cats and dogs. Anyone who needs spay or neuter assistance or information on area programs may contact Country K-9 Rescue at xwilson@yahoo.com or 877-449-5395, and a volunteer will go over available help.
Visit countryk9.petfinder.com or find Country K-9 Rescue on Facebook to see other available rescued pets. All pets are fully vetted and healthy, and dogs are micro-chipped.
And it's kitten season again, a time when many feral or free-roaming cats produce more feral and free-roaming kittens. The litters rarely do well on their own and if they survive, they just continue to add to the stray pet problem. Anyone who knows of free-roaming cats in need of spay or neuter, call the rescue's toll free number at 877-449-5395. Volunteers can loan traps and arrange spay or neuter. Anyone in a position to offer a feral or free-roaming cat a barn or outside home with shelter, the rescue also has some healthy, fixed cats that would love to have a job at a place. The problem won't go away and will only get worse unless the rescue gets help from the people who know of these situations. Please help the volunteers end the cycle of homeless pets.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Ride-sharing cabs give cities chance to slash taxi numbers
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dawn Patrol: FBI searching for Huntley bank robber
hello
The FBI is searching for this man, who they say robbed a TCF Bank inside a Jewel-Osco in Huntley on Sunday. Courtesy of the FBI
FBI searching for Huntley bank robber
The FBI is searching for a man who robbed a TCF Bank inside a Huntley grocery store yesterday. The robbery occurred about 3:45 p.m. inside a Jewel-Osco at 13200 Village Green Drive, FBI Special Agent Garrett Croon said. The man, who authorities believe is a serial bank robber, escaped with an undisclosed amount of money. Full story.
- Mark Black | Staff Photographer Kiera King, 12 and their mom, Jennifer King of Naperville, pose for a photo before the start of the Community Unity Walk on Sunday.
The second annual Community Unity Walk in Naperville brought diverse participants out along chilly streets yesterday for a symbolic show of togetherness among faiths, ages, races, cultures and gender identities. The walk, led by Moms Building Bridges in conjunction with other civic groups, nonprofits, businesses and faith communities, included discussions of diversity and community-building activities. Full story.
Wadsworth pastor emeritus, scholar dies at 90
The Rev. George Dyer, a longtime suburban Catholic priest known for their scholarly contributions to theology, died last week at 90. Dyer, pastor emeritus of St. Patrick Church in Wadsworth, spent 18 years as the parish's priest before retiring in 1996, according to their obituary. Full story.
Weather
Cloudy and 27 degrees this morning. Some snow is expected today, with highs around 40. Lows tonight near 20, with more snow showers possible tonight. Accumulations of less than an inch are expected. Full story.
Traffic
No major delays to report early this morning. Construction of the new Route 390 extension is scheduled to reduce Prospect Avenue to one lane in each direction between Granville Avenue and Pierce Road in Itasca. Full traffic.
Bears quarterback Mitchell Trubisky, left, celebrates their touchdown with wide receiver Josh Bellamy in the second half of Sunday's 33-7 win in Cincinnati. - Associated Press
For a change, it wasn't the Chicago Bears who looked helpless yesterday, writes columnist Barry Rozner. The Bears played hard yesterday against Cincinnati, and that's something, perhaps as much a reflection on head coach John Fox as players auditioning for jobs. Full column.
Reports: Cubs reach two-year deal with reliever Morrow
Reports out of Orlando, where baseball's winter meetings are getting under way, say the Chicago Cubs have agreed with relief pitcher Brandon Morrow to a two-year contract, with a possible option for a third year, worth approximately $10 million to $11 million per year. The deal is expected to become official once Morrow passes a physical exam. Full story.
Blackhawks goalie Corey Crawford blocks a shot by Arizona Coyotes defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson, lower right, during the second period of Sunday's 3-1 win at the United Center. - Associated Press
The Chicago Blackhawks didn't exactly come out firing on all cylinders in last night's game against the Arizona Coyotes, writes beat writer John Dietz. But a yawner of a game got awfully exciting in the third period as Corey Crawford turned away a flurry of good scoring chances, and Tommy Wingels, Artem Anisimov and Nick Schmaltz scored in the Hawks' 3-1 victory. Full story.
Three men were arraigned on Tuesday in Abeokuta Magistrates' Court, Ogun State for allegedly setting a jeep and motorcycle on fire. The suspects were identified as Owolabi Usman, 19; Atapako Hameed, 30; and Adekunle Segun; 48. A three-count charge of conspiracy, causing breach of peace and unlawfully setting fire on a jeep was preferred against […]
CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Epazz, Inc. ( OTC PINK : EPAZ), a leading provider of cloud-based business software solutions, has announced that the Company's Strategic Advisor, Michael Manahan was recently interviewed at CEOLive.tv.
During the interview, Mr. Manahan discusses the Company's business in the niche markets they occupy, including 420 software management systems and mobile apps, human resources management, pet industry, as well as customizing software for smaller companies.
Last week the Company reported record revenues with over a twenty percent increase over 2015 revenues as well as reporting an operating income of $308,000 (unaudited) which was the first positive operating income in Company history.
Epazz is currently developing a new payment system, which is expected to be announced during the next week. New initiatives in the 420 industry are expected to be announced in the coming weeks.
About Epazz, Inc. (www.epazz.com)
Epazz, Inc. is a leading cloud-based-software company that specializes in providing customized cloud applications to the corporate world, higher-education institutions and the public sector. Epazz BoxesOS™ v3.0 is the complete business web-based software package for small- to mid-size businesses, Fortune 500 enterprises, government agencies and higher-education institutions. BoxesOS provides many of the web-based applications organizations would otherwise need to purchase separately. Epazz's other products are AgentPower™ (a workforce management software) and AutoHire™ (an applicant-tracking system).
SAFE HARBOR
"Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Certain statements contained in this press release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking statements such as "may," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe" and "continue" (or the negative thereof) or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results or those implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Epazz, Inc. assumes no obligation and has no intention of updating these forward-looking statements, and it takes no obligation to update or correct information prepared by third parties that is not paid for by Epazz, Inc. Investors are encouraged to review Epazz, Inc.'s public filings on SEC.gov, including its unaudited and audited financial statements as well as its Form 10-Ks, and Form 10-Qs, which contain general business information about the company's operations, results of operations, and risks associated with the company and its operations.
Fifty-two years ago, the game couldn't sell out the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum so those of us living in Los Angeles when the first Super Bowl game was played had to watch it on tape delay the following afternoon.
Then-NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle wouldn't allow non-sold-out games to be televised in their home markets.
The Green Bay Packers defeated the Kansas City Chiefs, 35-10, in that first game and for good measure defeated the Oakland Raiders, 33-14, the next year to establish the National Football League's supremacy over the upstart American Football League.
The following year, though, Joe Namath guaranteed their New York Jets would defeat the Baltimore Colts, who were favored by 17 points, and then backed up their guarantee with a 16-7 win, which was more about the Jets defense than Namath's quarterbacking and the Super Bowl was on its way to becoming the biggest sporting event of the year in this country.
When the New England Patriots go up against the Philadelphia Eagles Feb. 4 at 3:30 p.m. on Channel 4, most of the nation will be watching.
It should be a game that goes down to the wire because that is the way the Patriots play the Super Bowl. This is the eighth time in 17 years the Patriots have played in this game. The biggest margin of victory by either team in those seven previous games is five points.
If I was a betting man I would pick the Patriots to win their sixth Super Bowl, surpassing the Pittsburgh Steelers as the all-time Super Bowl king.
The reason is simple: Tom Brady. The NFL is a quarterback-driven league and Brady is a better quarterback than Nick Foles.
Brady is calm, cool and collected whether they lead by 25 points or they trail by 25 points, like they did in the third quarter of last year's game before scoring the last 34 points to win in overtime.
The Eagles have a chance. They have a top-notch defense and an offense with playmakers like wide receivers Nelson Agohlor and Alshon Jeffrey, running backs Jay Ajayi and LeGarrette Blount and tight end Zach Ertz, but the Patriots also have multiple weapons and they have been here before.
Look for Patriots head coach Bill Belichick to take away the Eagles running game early and make Foles try to beat the Patriots with their arm.
On offense, the Patriots will spend the first half looking for weaknesses in the Eagles defense and then come out in the second half and exploit those weaknesses. It worked last year against a good Atlanta Falcons team and it should be good enough to defeat the Eagles without starting quarterback Carson Wentz.
Look for a 31-21 Patriots victory.
GRIFFIN GONE: The trade of Blake Griffin this week left many NBA followers perplexed, including this one.
Are the Clippers giving up on the season, even though they are only a half-game out of the playoffs at this time, or is this an example of addition by subtraction?
Griffin may be the best player the Clippers have had since they moved to Los Angeles more than 30 years ago. He's definitely in the top five. Yet, during their career here the Clippers have never advanced far in the playoffs.
They have been prone 33-10 to injury in their nine-year career, appearing in more than 67 games in a season only three times and they have never been the player the Clippers looked at to score late in a close game.
For the last six years, that was Chris Paul. With Paul in Houston this year, the ball runs through Lou Williams at the end of close games.
The Clippers received guard Avery Bradley, forward Tobias Harris, center Boban Marjanovic, a protected first round draft pick this year and a second round draft pick next year for Griffin, back-up center Willie Reed and seldom-used forward Brice Johnson.
With the final trade deadline approaching, the Clippers will probably give us a good indication which direction they are headed. If they move center DeAndre Jordan and/or Williams before the deadline they are in full rebuild mode. If they don't make any other significant moves, they are trying to reload instead of rebuilding.
Like the Lakers, the Clippers are trying to free up enough salary cap space to make a run for LeBron James this off-season.
COACHING AWARD: Crenshaw High School football coach Robert Garrett will spend their weekend in Minneapolis attending the Super Bowl as a guest of the National Football League.
Garrett, who coached Crenshaw to the 2017 CIF State Division 4-AA championship in December, was selected as the Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year, by the NFL.
Garrett will receive $25,000 from the NFL Foundation, $15,000 of which will go to Crenshaw's football program. Garrett will walk the red carpet at “NFL Honors,” a two-hour primetime awards special to air nationally Feb. 3, the night before the Super Bowl.
Garrett was selected for the award by a panel that included Shula, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and retired quarterback Peyton Manning.
They were nominated for the award by the Los Angeles Chargers, whose roster includes two players they coached at Crenshaw, linebacker Hayes Pullard and defensive tackle Brandon Mebane.
“He's turned Crenshaw High into a powerhouse over the 30 or so years he's been there, but more than the wins and losses, it's the number of lives he's touched and the young men he's mentored that matters most,” Chargers coach Anthony Lynn said. “That's why he's so deserving of this honor. And I can say that, without hesitation, because I've witnessed it first hand with Brandon and Hayes on our team. As men of great character and integrity, the respect and love they show for coach Garrett is telling.”
The award, named for the winningest coach in NFL history, was created to honor exemplary high school football coaches for their character and integrity, leadership and dedication to the community, commitment to player health and safety and on-field success.
The Cougars were 12-3 in 2017, losing the Los Angeles City Section's Open Division championship game to Narbonne, 48-7, but defeating Oceanside's El Camino High, 13-10, for the Division 4-AA southern regional championship, and Auburn's Placer High, 46-43, for the state title.
The NFL honors 32 high school coaches with the Don Shula Coach of the Year Award each year. Each team nominates a local coach for the honor.
The Rams nominated Bob Johnson, the father of former USC and NFL quarterback Rob Johnson as its candidate for the Shula Award.
Johnson retired at the end of the 2017 season from Mission Viejo High School in Orange County.  They are the all-time leader in victories for a head coach in Orange County.
They also coached former USC quarterback Mark Sanchez at Mission Viejo.
Funds will support the Sylvan Lake Spray Park fundraising initiative
The Sylvan Lake Child Care Society donated $5,000 to the Sylvan Lake Spray Park fundraising initiative.
Cindy Pelletier and Josee Kykkanen are shown presenting the cheque to the Sylvan Lake Spray Park Co-Chair, Megan Chernoff-Hanson.
Their donation will help purchase a small water feature, recognition on the Donor Wall, photo opportunities and more.
You are Superheroes! Fundraising is on-going and many sponsor opportunities are available.
The Spray Park will be located at Leader Field.
Know what's happening and follow their Facebook page: Sylvan Lake Spray Park.
De Blasio is right to say no to an MTA bailout Gov. Cuomo recently said that the subway was getting better, “if you were looking very carefully.” It's too early to declare victory yet. But even if things are getting better,...
City Council weighs yellow cab bailouts, restrictions on Uber and Lyft The City Council is weighing a major bailout of the yellow-cab industry, with possible restrictions and surcharges on rivals such as Uber and Lyft. Several dozen beleaguered taxi-medallion owners flocked...
A small, but smelly, bailout Imagine you own a flower shop or hotel and business plunges. Would you expect the state to bail you out? Of course not. Yet that's what Albany did last year...
Developer with ties to Cuomo gets $2M tax break amid bailout A New York City developer who is a major campaign donor placed a losing bet on an upstate racetrack — but still came out a winner when Albany granted him...
Hank Greenberg loses appeal over AIG's 2008 bailout Maurice “Hank” Greenberg is on a losing streak. In another blow to AIG's 92-year old former CEO, a federal appeals court on Tuesday threw out an earlier ruling that the...
Italy readies bank bailout after prime minister decides to resign Italy is preparing a state bailout for Monte Paschi as the troubled bank teeters on the brink of failure following Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's decision to quit, sources said Tuesday....
House passes bailout package for debt-ridden Puerto Rico The House on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a rescue package for debt-stricken Puerto Rico, clearing a major hurdle in the ongoing effort to bring relief to the U.S. territory of 3.5...
Helping Puerto Rico may start a whole new wave of bailouts If you have a retirement fund or pension, or you're a taxpayer, get ready to have your pockets picked. The Obama administration wants Congress to enact a bankruptcy plan for...
Obama is looting the Treasury to pay off insurers The Obama administration will tell any lie and break any law to prevent the president's signature health-care program from collapsing. Insurance companies such as UnitedHealthcare and Aetna are losing billions...
COLUMBIA CITY, Ind. (WANE) – An explosion was reported at the manufacturing facility, Micropulse Inc. in Columbia City Monday afternoon.
Police were dispatched to the facility, located at 5865 E State Rd. 14, at approximately 2:30 p.m. on report of the explosion.
The 160,000 square foot facility specializes in high-speed machinery, robotic part handling and new technologies for orthopedics.
Dispatch confirmed injuries were reported. It is unclear at this time how many were injured or if anyone was taken to the hospital.
No other information is known at this time, check back for updates.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Detail of a December 2012 cover from the Santa Fe Reporter, depicting Gov. Susana Martinez. Illustration by John Lang.
CAN GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS PICK AND CHOOSE which news outlets they give comments and information to? A lawsuit filed by a New Mexico alternative weekly against the governor could expand the state's press freedom protections with a broader definition of censorship. Or it could quash a newspaper-led effort at accountability and transparency in state government, giving elected officials license to ignore smaller media outlets asking uncomfortable questions.
During a three-day bench trial in March, lawyers for the Santa Fe Reporter argued that Gov. Susana Martinez's communications staffers discriminated against them because they didn't like the paper's viewpoint—actions that amount to censorship that violates the state constitution. Reporter staff testified that the administration froze them out after the paper published a major story critical of the governor, ignoring their emails and sitting on their public records requests. The Reporter's legal argument is that government can't disregard one news outlet's routine requests for comment and information; courts have previously held that the government can't exclude reporters it doesn't like from press conferences or news release email lists. (Disclosure: I have done freelance writing for the Reporter, mostly about food. I have not been involved at all with this lawsuit.)
The Reporter filed suit in state district court in 2013, but years of motions filed by the governor's contract attorneys kept the case from trial. Now, both sides are laboring overwritten closing arguments they are expected to submit in early May. There will be time for rebuttals, and then a decision, which is expected in late spring. A victory for the Reporter could limit the abilities of government officials to delay or deny record requests, and force officials to treat all news organizations equally, despite their size or perceived friendliness.
Knell told the court they believed their job was ‘determining the best way to convey the governor's message,' and that communicating with reporters was only a small part of it.
Sign up for weekly emails from the United States Project
THE SUMMER OF 2012 BROUGHT WITH IT the revelation that the governor and administration officials had been using private email accounts to conduct state business. One cabinet secretary (who had been fired by Martinez) said they and other administration officials were told to use personal accounts in order to elude public records requests.
A few months after that, a recording surfaced of the governor's chief of staff, Keith Gardner, appearing to confirm as much. “I never email on my state email anything that can come back to bite my ass. It is all done off-line. I never … use my state email because it is all done on different stuff 'cause I don't want to go to court and jail,” Gardner could be heard saying. In court, they testified that their comments were taken out of context.
Shortly after, Martinez ordered all executive branch employees to use official email for state business, and open government advocates lauded them for doing so. But Martinez—a Republican governor in what was then still their first term—had campaigned on bringing ethics, transparency and accountability to Santa Fe. Smelling hypocrisy, the Reporter sank its teeth in and wouldn't let go.
In more than two-dozen stories published that year, staff writers sniffed around and dug into the inner workings of the administration. Their efforts culminated in a December 2012 cover story, which charged that in Martinez's administration, “access is often limited to a privileged few; that many decisions are made behind closed doors; and that public officials have at times done more to avoid transparency than to foster it.”
The Reporter's story was embarrassing in many ways for the governor. The cover featured a full-page illustration of Martinez as a snarling, angry giant, clutching a filing cabinet full of documents and crashing through the burning ruins of Santa Fe. The story mentioned that some of the emails from that private network (released by the former attorney general, a political rival) revealed a few purchases made by the governor: Spanx, 50 Shades of Grey, and songs by the critically maligned band Nickelback. Those details account for fewer than 50 words in what was ultimately a nearly 4,000-word feature.
After that issue was published, there was a noticeable difference in the Reporter's relationship with the governor's office, former editor Alexa Schirtzinger testified. After becoming frustrated with getting no responses to their queries, staff writer Joey Peters called Gov. Martinez's cell phone and asked for comments on some stories the Reporter was following. With Martinez on speakerphone and a recorder taping the call, Peters, Schirtzinger and another staff writer, Justin Horwath, listened as the governor suggested they call Enrique Knell, their communications director at the time.
Peters protested that Knell hadn't been returning their calls. “Well I wonder why,” Martinez said before hanging up.
IN COURT, THE REPORTER LAID OUT its evidence for discrimination. Their lawyer presented a tweet by a Martinez spokesperson complaining about a story Horwath published in The Santa Fe New Mexican, where they now works. “No surprise given their previous ‘reporting' for liberal tabloid,” the spokesperson tweeted. That tweet echoed an official comment from Knell after the paper filed suit:
“It's not a surprise that a left-wing weekly tabloid that published stolen emails containing the Governor's personal underwear order would file a baseless suit like this. Their public records requests are treated the same as every other citizen in New Mexico.”
The paper cited those examples as evidence that Martinez and their staff were intentionally denying access to the paper because they were unhappy with its coverage. But in court, the defense denied that charge and argued that the governor's communications staff was simply too busy to respond to all inquiries—and, even if they could, they were under no obligation to do so. Knell told the court they believed their job was “determining the best way to convey the governor's message,” and that communicating with reporters was only a small part of it.
With limited resources, Knell said, they prioritized responding to the Associated Press and newspapers with higher circulation. The defense suggested that smaller news outlets could get all the information they needed from wire services.
During the trial, the governor's lawyer tried to paint the Reporter as a lightweight outlet staffed by amateurs. In cross-examination, they asked Schirtzinger, the former editor, about their education and qualifications. After they listed their degrees from Dartmouth and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, they pointedly asked about their brief, post-Peace Corps stint as a dive instructor.
The Reporter's lawsuit also charges the governor's office with stifling its official records requests and improperly refusing to turn over information about pardon requests and the governor's daily calendar. The Associated Press sued for the same records in 2013, and obtained some records as part of a 2015 settlement.
There is this gap between what the retention laws require to be archived and stored and the definition of what has to be released under the public records laws, which are much broader.
The defense suggested reporters from the paper were unreasonably demanding, submitting far more public records requests than other news organizations. Reporter staffers testified that after feeling as though they were shut out, they began submitting requests under the state Inspection of Public Records Act for information they were also requesting via email. Knell said they prioritized the records requests, which the Reporter showed the governor's office was able to bunt for months, through extension after extension with no immediate penalty under the law.
The Reporter is also suing for damages in the case, in part to strengthen the enforcement of the public records law, which was weakened by a recent decision requiring that plaintiffs show “actual damages.”
“We hope we'll win on the idea that if records are improperly withheld you are still able to collect damages,” says the Reporter's pro-bono lawyer, Daniel Yohalem. “And that, in coordination with attorney's fees, will be a disincentive to withholding or delaying documents.”
THE CASE MAY ALSO ENABLE REPORTERS to take a bite out of the private email problem. Many public officials have come under fire for using private email accounts and messaging systems, including New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Florida Gov. Rick Scott and Vice President Mike Pence, who defended discussing government business on their AOL account when they were governor of Indiana. In many states, including New Mexico, it is not explicitly illegal for public officials to use private accounts, provided that public records contained in them are retained and turned over in response to records requests.
During trial questioning about the Reporter's public records requests, Martinez administration officials explained that so few emails had been found, even in their official email accounts, because they simply didn't have them. They had been deleted.
As part of its lawsuit, the Reporter asks that the government be required to do more rigorous searches and to discipline employees who improperly delete records.
“This is a persistent problem around the country,” Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press attorney Adam Marshall tells CJR. “There is this gap between what the retention laws require to be archived and stored and the definition of what has to be released under the public records laws, which are much broader.”
Attempting to prevent public access to the records of government by narrowing the definition in such an extreme way is dangerous, Marshall says. “It's hugely detrimental to the public and the form of democratic governance that we generally uphold as being important.”
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Gwyneth Doland is a multimedia journalist covering news, politics and culture in New Mexico. A former executive director of the New Mexico Foundation for Open Government, they are the author of the 2012 and 2015 State Integrity reports for the Center for Public Integrity. They teach writing, media law and ethics at the University of New Mexico.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CNN Money) – More Americans are putting down Buds and Coors, instead they're grabbing wine, liquor, Corona and Michelob.
Americans' changing drinking habits have been taking shape for years, but the trend accelerated in 2018. Beer shipments from US breweries are down 3.5% so far this year, according to The Beer Institute, an industry trade group.
The big four US brands — Bud Light, Miller Lite, Coors Light, and Budweiser — have been hit particularly hard.
So what's wrong with big four? Drinkers think they're stale, compared to the innovative new brands and creative concepts emerging from craft breweries, vineyards, and distilleries.
“Well-established category leaders are finding it challenging to maintain their relevance against a backdrop with so much innovation and new brand activity,” said Cowen analyst Vivien Azer. “You now see a much more promiscuous alcohol consumer.”
A wider selection on the shelves and growing concepts, such as brewpubs, taprooms, music festivals, axe-throwing and similar gaming bars, have created challenges for the once-dominant players. More people are also drinking when they eat out at restaurants or order food at home.
“We estimate that meals represent over 40% of total alcohol-appropriate occasions globally, though beer is underrepresented,” Anheuser-Busch InBev CEO Carlos Brito told analysts last month.
American drinkers have found that beer doesn't go with everything. Instead of choosing beer for every alcohol occasion, more people are making their decisions based on social activities, Nielsen alcohol analysts say.
Azer said drinkers today might reach for a Mimosa at brunch, but pick a glass of wine or a cocktail at happy hour, bourbon on a cold night, or a beer during a Sunday football game.
AB InBev, the distributor of Budweiser, Bud Light, and Stella Artois, is trying to reposition its beers to fit the changing drinking environment.
“Budweiser is the perfect beer for high-energy, premium party occasions,” Brito said.
Shifts in younger drinkers' preferences have also upended the industry.
Millennials have shown a tendency to experiment across categories, explained Eric Shepard, executive editor of trade publication Beer Marketer's Insights.
Fewer people today say they exclusively drink beer or wine, and category lines are blurring, with the rise of flavored malt beverages, spiked seltzers, and exotic bourbon and whiskey wines, Nielsen analysts have found.
More women are also drinking. Women favor wine and cocktails at a higher rate than men.
Craft brews, once the bright spot in the US beer industry, are beginning to grow at a slower pace.
“There's a certain saturation point that you reach in any kind of trend,” said Robert Ottenstein, an analyst at Evercore ISI. “Not everybody is an experimenter.”
Many drinkers have settled into their go-to craft brands after testing out the myriad lines and flavors that have cropped up in recent years.
At a Stifel analyst conference earlier this month, outgoing Craft Brew Alliance chief financial officer Joe Vanderstelt said that many craft lagers were not immune to drinkers replacing beer with wine and spirits. Craft Brew believes its Kona brand can continue to attract new drinkers.
Wines and liquors — roses, proseccos, bourbons, whiskeys, tequilas, and cognacs — have recently taken advantage of the same phenomenon that led to the craft explosion, said Mimi Bonnett, an analyst at consumer research firm Mintel.
“Most wines and spirits are also well positioned to leverage the nuances of ‘craft' without much effort,” they said. “They share many of the same traits: heritage, hand-craftsmanship, aged qualities, regionality, a sense of premium and, in some cases, small batch.”
Tito's Handmade Vodka has been a “blockbuster” over the past several years, Ottenstein said, while Jack Daniel's brands have led to a whiskey resurgence.
“It was really the launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey that set the category on its growth cycle,” Azer said.
“Growth in wine and spirits has continued. There's no doubt about that,” MillerCoors CEO Gavin Hattersley said last month.
They added that 21- to 27-year old drinkers have drifted away from beer.
MillerCoors' owner Molson Coors reported a 3.8% loss of volume in the United States last quarter. The weak results drove its stock to a four-year low. AB InBev reported a 4.1% decline in North America.
The most recent quarter was another mark in the steady decline of beer's popularity and the erosion of AB InBev and Molson Coors' market share.
Since 2002, beer's share of the alcohol market has fallen to 46% from 54%, according to Cowen. Wine has jumped to 37% from 30%, while spirits have ticked up to 17% from 16%.
Americans are still drinking beer — just better beer. The premium end of the market is growing faster than the bottom portion.
“There's a huge shift toward higher-end beer,” Ottenstein said.
Constellation Brands, the Mexican-based distributor of Corona, Modelo, and Pacifico, has capitalized on Americans' love for imported lagers. Shipments from Mexico, the largest beer exporter to the United States, were up 9.5% through May, the Commerce Department said.
Constellation is now expanding with new lines such as Corona Premier and Corona Refresca.
Premier will take on Michelob Ultra, a low-carb light beer that has been one of the most successful beers for AB InBev. It has grown its share for three straight years by appealing as a “lifestyle” beer for more affluent, active drinkers.
(©2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
Smartphones are the Swiss Army knives of the digital age, serving as cell phone, camera, map, social networking hub, game console and more. Now one more amazing utility can be added to the list: eyesight.
Aipoly is one such smartphone app. It can nearly instantaneously identify over 4,000 objects around the home, such as tools, cutlery and bathroom items. It displays a text identification on screen and speaks the object's name aloud to the user.
Aipoly's vocabulary is now about as complex as that of a five-year-old child. The app offers paid upgrades that expand its available vocabulary, and new words and subjects are constantly being added.
Comprehensive image recognition training is key to accurate identification, and it is this quality that is essential to assisting those with visual impairment.
“With a blind person, you can't have 70 percent accuracy and call it a day,” said Alberto Rizzoli, co-founder of San Francisco-based Aipoly.
Read the entire article here, How GPU Technology Aids the Vision-Impaired
via the fine folks at NVIDIA.
The U.K.'s transitional agreement to smooth its departure from the European Union is too late to stop some of Brexit's fallout.
Nearly one in seven EU companies with U.K. suppliers have moved some of their business out of Britain, according to the Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply. Almost a third of U.K. businesses with suppliers from the bloc have increased prices as a result of Britain's 2016 vote to leave, the group said in a report published Tuesday.
While businesses welcomed the news Monday of a preliminary deal on a transitional agreement, some have been activating contingency plans to make sure they're not caught out by Brexit. The transition will keep the country operating under current EU rules until the end of 2020 to give companies and the government time to prepare for Britain's departure.
Nearly a quarter of U.K. businesses are planning to reduce their workforce to offset Brexit-related costs, according to the report, based on a survey of more than 2,000 supply-chain managers globally.
“Businesses have little choice but to pass on some of their rising costs to consumers in order to protect their profit margins and stay in business, as a result of the crippling cost of Brexit,” institute economist John Glen said in a statement. “Businesses that fail to plan ahead and use this opportunity to reduce costs in their supply chain may not survive.”
Moving Out
More than 1 in 10 EU companies have moved some of their employees out of the U.K. since the referendum and 22 percent of British businesses are having problems securing contracts with EU suppliers after the March 2019 leaving date, the report said.
Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc sent a survey to its suppliers in January to identify potential issues post-Brexit, according to a copy of a covering letter seen by Bloomberg News. The jet-engine maker, which confirmed the authenticity of the letter, said it was “important we understand the position of our suppliers in relation to key Brexit issues, their state of preparedness, and what is causing them concern.”
GlaxoSmithKline Plc, the U.K.'s biggest drugmaker, has estimated its Brexit-related costs might reach 70 million pounds ($98 million) over the next two to three years, along with subsequent, additional costs of roughly 50 million pounds a year.
The financial services sector has also been implementing contingency plans. Morgan Stanley is planning to boost its offices in three EU cities as it seeks to relocate London-based roles after Brexit. The U.S. bank has gone on a hiring drive in Frankfurt alongside peers Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
— With assistance by Benjamin D Katz
Nigerian celebrities RMD, Timaya, Kate Henshaw, Mercy Aigbe, Ubi Franklin and estranged wife Lilian Esoro, Chioma Akpotha, comedians Gbenga Adeyinka, Omobaba and lots more were among the stars that attended Ali Baba's January 1st concert which held at Eko Hotel yesterday. The event was sold out!
http://www.lailasblog.com/2017/01/nigerian-celebrities-alibaba-2017-january-1st-concert-awards-photos.html
DENVER, CO--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Ubiquitech Software Corp. ( OTC PINK : UBQU), through its operating subsidiary HempLifeToday.com, today announced its first quarter 2017 financial results. Revenues for the quarter increased to $1,103,766 from $697,640 from the prior year period, and earnings increased to $113,929 from $34,350 during the first quarter of 2016.
The company credits continued awareness of the benefits of CBD oil derived from hemp, increased exposure and demand for its USA grown and formulated CannazALL™ brand hemp CBD products, new product offerings, strong Internet presence, superior customer service, and the implementation of its Rapid Ship program for the increase in sales and profits. The company anticipates continued sales increases along this trend-line for the balance of 2017.
"We are continuing to see an explosion in the awareness and acceptance of the benefits of CBD as a whole," said James Ballas, CEO. "As word about the quality and effectiveness of our products continues to spread, our CannazALL™ brand is rapidly becoming the CBD oil nutraceutical of choice and we are doing everything necessary to benefit from this awareness and continue our quarterly growth."
*Complete quarterly financial results for the company will be posted to OTCMarkets.com later today.
About HempLife Today™
Hemp Life Today™ was created by a group of highly motivated, skilled and health minded people. Who have learned that Hemp, and Hemp related products, can be a great source of increased health, vitality, and overall wellbeing in our lives. We also believe that high grade CBD (Canabidiol), could very well be the miracle supplement the world has been waiting for as more and more people discover the health benefits of this remarkable extract. hempLife Today™ offers its quality CBD products @ www.HempLifeToday.com
About Ubiquitech
Ubiquitech Software Corp, through its subsidiaries is a dynamic multi-media, multi-faceted corporation utilizing state-of-the-art global internet marketing, Direct Response (DRTV) Television, Radio, and traditional marketing, to drive traffic to the new and emerging multi-billion dollar industries like its subsidiary HempLifeToday™. HempLifeToday™ focuses on the exciting and dynamic new thinking in the world today that recognizes the important health and life enriching enhancement that CBD Oil from the Hemp plant can bring. Through its network of quality USA growers HempLifeToday.com™ has developed multiple and proprietary CannazALL™ CBD oil products that include; It's popular CBD Tinctures, Oils, GelCaps, CBD Powder, Skin Salve, Wax Honey, and e-liquid, all offered @ www.HempLifeToday.com
This press release contains forward-looking statements. Words such as "expects", "intends'', "believes'', and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including the timely development and market acceptance of products and technologies, the ability to secure additional sources of finance, the ability to reduce operating expenses, and other factors described in the Company's filings with the OTC Markets Group. The actual results that the Company achieves may differ materially from any forward-looking statement due to such risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward- looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this release.
PRESS RELEASES
Online lottery game will capitalise on elevated interest in lottery market
02 February 2018, Malta – Innovative online lottery game Lotto Hero is set to go live with its first operators after next week's ICE Totally Gaming exhibition.
The unique product, which offers players the chance to win hourly jackpots of at least one million Euros, was launched at ICE 2017.
Now, after a year of careful development, it is set to be offered to players for the first time on the site of a number of tier one operator, according to its new CEO Richard Mifsud.
They said: “We're very excited to be returning to ICE on the verge of announcing that a number of big name operators will go live with Lotto Hero in the first quarter of 2018.
“We have listened to feedback from those operators in order to make sure the user experience is as good as it can be, and that the performance of the game has been optimised.
“We're very confident that the game will really capture the zeitgeist and offer our partners a genuinely competitive edge, as well as giving their players the chance of going from ordinary to extraordinary.”
Lotto Hero, which will be on show at stand N9 565 at ICE, is designed to appeal to players across multiple verticals, as well as boost acquisition, retention, and an operator's ability to cross-sell.
It offers the speed, excitement and big jackpots players have come to expect. Based on traditional draw games, players select seven numbers and a card suit to be in with the chance of winning.
Players, who require no skill to play the game, just need to purchase a two Euro Lotto Hero coupon ahead of each draw, which will be made on the hour, every hour.
If the first attempt at winning does not succeed, Lotto Hero offers a second chance draw for players, significantly increasing the chances of a win.
Lotto Hero, which is now powered by Helio Gaming, is set to be hosted on a multi-tenant platform which enables it to be provided to players around the world through operator websites.
Helio Gaming will provide licence agreements to those operators, who are guaranteed risk-free distribution with an attractive commission structure that offers higher returns than products such as slots.
Lotto Hero will also have a charity element, with Helio pledging a percentage of profits to a Charity Hero fund, which will distribute the money to good causes. Players can also opt to donate part of their winnings, inspiring them to become a hero for others.
For more information on Lotto Hero product or to arrange an interview with Richard Mifsud, please contact Robin Hutchison at Square in the Air on 0203 586 8272 or robin@squareintheair.com
About Lotto Hero and Helio Gaming:
Helio Gaming, a fully scalable lottery engine system that offers multiple API functionality with which to integrate existing gaming platforms, customer relationship management, campaign management, affiliate management, and other marketing automation tools. Its portfolio includes custom-made lottery games to fulfil any operator's lottery needs, including its flagship brand Lotto Hero. Such games can vary from operator-branded RNG lottery games, where the operator can tailor the game to their needs, lottery games based on the outcome of international lotteries, and much more. Helio Gaming's products offer its partners a new vertical through which to grow and strengthen their player base and drive cross-sell between their other game verticals. These products give them the edge in what is a fiercely competitive sector and can be integrated easily and seamlessly into any platform.
Comments
The exhibit does the talking. And it has a lot to say.
The multimedia exhibit displays stories veterans in Fargo-Moorhead shared about their experiences with war.
Some veterans narrate their stories through ceramic heirloom cups; other veterans told their stories with decorated masks, oral excerpts or poetry. Regardless of where and when they served, all the featured veterans have a story to tell.
The goal of Project Unpack is to create a dialogue about the legacies of war between veterans, their family members and the Fargo-Moorhead community.
The project, which began in January 2016, is a collaboration between NDSU, North Dakota Veterans Affairs and other community partners.
"North Dakota, although a small state, is home to nearly 58,000 veterans of war," said Christina Weber, director of Project Unpack and NDSU sociology professor. "They are not all the same, they do not fit stereotypes. Many of them face emotional, financial and family hardships. Some may seem to move forward easily with their families and communities, but they all live with a legacy, and we want them to have a voice for that."
The "Telling Stories, Creating Community" multimedia exhibit is the final component of the project. The stories and subsequent artworks are the result of various creative workshops with veterans that Project Unpack held over the last six months. Lectures from Tim O'Brien and Tim Bissell and the establishment of an oral history archive in Fargo-Moorhead also resulted from Project Unpack.
"The art aspect (of Project Unpack) has been exciting because I think some people don't feel comfortable with words all the time, so to be able to talk through it, work with their hands and give them a different way to tell the story has been one of the more exciting parts of the project," Weber said.
As a daughter of a Vietnam veteran, Weber has dedicated much of their career researching the legacies of war through children and family members of veterans.
After receiving the Project Unpack grant from the National Endowment of Humanities, they recruited other collaborators of various fields to assist them with the project, including Fargo artist and veteran Josh Zeis and NDSU art professor Michael Strand.
Zeis and Strand hosted the ceramic heirloom cup workshop for veterans and families of veterans who served in the military. Before the workshop, Strand and Zeis asked participants to bring in objects — canteens, Bronze Star medals, can openers, mouth guards — that represent their experiences with war.
From there, the participants imprinted the objects into the soft cups as a unique form of storytelling.
"Clay at that stage is a perfect recording device," Strand said. "It captures every fingerprint, every mark, every word."
The cups were then fired, glazed and placed in wooden boxes for the exhibit. The boxes, designed and built by Zeis, hold both the cups and the written stories behind the objects imprinted in the cups. After the exhibit, the cups will be returned to each participant in the wooden box as a piece of family history.
For some veterans, the conversation is more difficult and requires a different form of artistic expression.
To encourage veterans to tell their stories, Project Unpack collaborators at the North Dakota Veteran Affairs invited veterans to decorate the masks included in the exhibit.
Like the heirloom cups, Project Unpack collaborators placed the colorful masks in wooden boxes and hung them side by side for the exhibit, creating a powerful image of the tension between individualism and collectivism in war.
"I'd seen those masks in various forms with individuals and talked to them about it, but to see them lined up in that space... had a more profound moment for me of thinking through the different faces of war," Weber said.
In order to get a cross-section of participants on a particularly charged topic, Project Unpack collaborators learned to go where veterans and their families would most likely be — assisted living homes and the North Dakota Veteran Affairs, for example — to spread the word about the project.
"We learned along the way that you can't rush any of this," Strand said. "It's not about teaching technical process. It's about conversation."
Although all artwork displayed in the exhibit speak volumes, the creative process was equally important as the outcome, and the process couldn't begin without established trust.
As a veteran and artist, Josh Zeis played an important role. Zeis' experiences as a medic in the Army National Guard in Iraq and the Democratic Republic of Congo gave them "street cred" with veterans, allowing them to feel more comfortable participating in the project.
"Veterans (I talked to) were relieved to be able to speak to someone who understands," Zeis said.
Zeis has their own visual art project titled "Return" in the exhibit. "Return" shows a short documentary of Zeis as they walked for 20 miles in the hot North Dakota sun with a block of rucksack-shaped ice strapped to their back.
The more they walked and shared their story, the more the ice melted away, serving as an overall symbol of the purpose of Project Unpack.
Although Project Unpack concludes with the multimedia exhibit, collaborators hope the project will continue to facilitate dialogue between veterans and the community, inspire other communities to do the same and shed light on the human side of war.
If You Go
What: Project Unpack: Telling Stories, Creating Community Exhibit
When: Through Jan. 15, 2017
Where: Rourke Art Museum (521 Main Ave. in Moorhead)
Cost: Free and open to the public. For more information on Project Unpack, visit unpackstories.org.
This article is part of a content partnership with The Arts Partnership, a nonprofit organization cultivating the arts in Fargo, Moorhead and West Fargo. For more information, visit theartspartnership.net.
Deputy Mayor wins GCC Election
On Monday last saw the re-election of Lionel Jaikaran as President of the Georgetown Cricket Club. The voter turnout, in triple figures, was the largest in recent years and Mr. Jaikaran won by a significant majority over their challenger Mr. Graeme Alli to recapture the Presidency of the oldest cricket club in the region.
In their Presidential remarks, Mr. Jaikaran reported, as promised at the Club's last Annual General Meeting, the installation of floodlights around the ground – a major achievement for the Club this year. This installation, to be completed by the end of 2017, will enable the Club to utilize the ground for extended hours in 2018. Next year will also see the Club maximizing vacant areas on the premises to expand the list of sport and recreational activities available to include table tennis, a revival of lawn tennis and squash.
Speaking of the challenges that confronted the Club since 2006 to generate revenue and keep both the Club and cricket alive and vibrant after the loss of international cricket at Bourda, Mr. Jaikaran said, “I'm not asking you to support this committee without valid reasons. I have outlined our journey from the time we took leadership of this Club to this day. ……. Today we are turning the corner. ……… Bear with me. As you cast your vote this evening, I humbly ask you to let your conscience be your guide.”
Those elected to serve on the 2018 Executive were Mr. Ramsay Alli, Vice President, Ms. Sadie Amin, Secretary, Mr. Timothy Tucker, Treasurer, Mr. Jameel Baksh, Club Captain, Mr. Philip Fernandes, Mr. Satanand Gopie and Ms. Tiffany Solomon, Committee Members.
In a post-election comment Mr. Jaikaran described their team as strong, united and prepared to advance the interests of the Club and consolidate on the gains and successes achieved thus far.
Samson Folarin A disagreement over N50 has led to the death of a motorcyclist, Michael Eze, in the Igboeze North Local Government Area of Enugu State. Forty-year-old Eze was allegedly killed by their passenger, Michael Gabriel, around 9pm on February 2, 2017, for demanding that N50 be added to their agreed fare due to the […]
The post Passenger kills motorcyclist over N50 appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
The Barnes County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's assistance in locating a man with an outstanding warrant for their arrest.
Robert Wayne Sorensen is a 49-year-old male wanted for terrorizing, a class C felony.  They are 5'10,” 265 pounds with brown hair and hazel eyes.
Those with information on the whereabouts of Sorensen are asked to contact the Barnes County Sheriff's Office at 575 10th St. SW, Suite 4, Valley City, N.D. 58072; 701-845-8530; or warrants@barnescounty.us. Tipsters may remain anonymous.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
The Weinstein Company filed for bankruptcy late Monday and agreed to release victims and witnesses of sexual misconduct from their non-disclosure agreements.
The move comes more than five months after a wave of sexual misconduct allegations against the studio's co-founder Harvey Weinstein sent the company on a downward spiral toward bankruptcy. The company said Monday that Lantern Capital Partners will purchase its assets, in a sale that will take place in bankruptcy court.
"While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court, the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets, preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims," Chairman Bob Weinstein said in a statement.
The embattled studio, which produced major hits like Silver Linings Playbook, Django Unchained and Lion, filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Delaware, court documents show, and has about $500,000,00 to $1 billion in assets.
A US Bankruptcy Court judge will still have to approve the deal.
As part of the agreement, The Weinstein Company will also release its employees from their non-disclosure agreements, a condition set by New York Attorney General Eric Scheniderman, whose office had sued the studio for civil and human rights violations related to the sexual harassment allegations.
“No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet,” The Weinstein Company's board of directors said in its statement Monday night. “The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world.”
Schneiderman heralded the decision as a "watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace."
"The Weinstein Company's agreement to release victims of and witnesses to sexual misconduct from non-disclosure agreements -- which my office has sought throughout this investigation and litigation -- will finally enable voices that have for too long been muzzled to be heard," they said in a statement.
"We welcome the parties' efforts to preserve jobs and pursue justice for victims," Schneiderman added, saying that their office would continue to advocate for victims during the bankruptcy proceedings.
Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said Monday that they were "honored" to be selected as the bidder. "In the last several months, Lantern has evaluated the company and is proud to provide a solution to the board," they added in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter.
Earlier Monday, Time's Up — the legal defense fund founded to address workplace sexual harassment brought light by #MeToo movement — called on New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo to investigate reports that Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance mishandled a sexual assault investigation into Harvey Weinstein in 2015.
Monday, March 19, also happened to be Weinstein's birthday. They turned 66.
Star Wars spin-off Rogue One: A Star Wars Story rang in 2017 as America's top film for a third consecutive week.
The sci-fi movie, starring Felicity Jones, hauled in another US$50 million at the box office over the last weekend of 2016 to keep animated family film Sing off the top of the countdown.
Rogue One has now made over $400 million in the U.S. since its release last month. It ended 2016 as the year's second highest-grossing domestic release behind Finding Dory.
The animated film's success helped Disney become the first studio to top $7 billion at the box office in a single year. The film company scored four of the five top-grossing domestic releases.
Sing ended the year in second place at the U.S. box office, with $41.4 million during its second weekend in theatres. The film, featuring the voices of Reese Witherspoon and Matthew McConaughey, has made $177.3 million in the U.S.
Passengers, featuring Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt as stranded space travellers, comes in third, while Assassin's Creed and Bryan Cranston and James Franco's new comedy Why Him? rounds out the new top five.
Meanwhile, critically-acclaimed Oscars favourite La La Land has passed Hell or High Water to become the highest-grossing movie in limited release for 2016.
To the Editor:
I have known George Lovett for three decades. In that time, George has shown care for others and demonstrated that care through their service in the community.
In the Republican primary this spring, we will be voting for the candidate for state representative in the 80th Ohio House District. All the candidates are capable of the job, but we need to choose the one that will do the best job representing all of us. George is that person.
George has always been forthright and will not hesitate to communicate their thoughts. They will be our voice in Columbus to protect our values and beliefs.
When you cast your vote, I urge you to vote for George Lovett. They will serve all of us well at the statehouse.
— David O. Werts
Tipp City
Image caption Northern Ireland has been without a functioning executive since January 2017
MLA pay has cost the taxpayer more than £9m since Stormont was suspended 18 months ago.
The figure was revealed by a Northern Ireland Office official in the House of Commons
Secretary of State Karen Bradley was being questioned by MPs at the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee at Westminster.
North Down MP Lady Sylvia Hermon called it "absolutely outrageous."
Last December an independent report commissioned by the previous Secretary of State James Brokenshire recommended cutting the 90 MLAs' salaries by £13,612 in the absence of a sitting assembly at Stormont.
Northern Ireland has been without a functioning executive since January 2017.
Subsequent talks have failed to restore the power-sharing executive.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Karen Bradley accepted there was public anger about the situation
In March Mrs Bradley, who succeeded James Brokesnhire, said they were "minded" to implement the cut after the collapse of talks aimed at restoring devolution.
But on Wednesday, under tough questioning by Lady Hermon, they said they were still considering the situation.
The North Down MP asked them why they were "prevaricating" on the issue adding: "Have you any idea just how angry and fed up the general public are with the fact that MLAs are still receiving their full salary 18 months after the collapse of the assembly?"
Mrs Bradley accepted there was public anger about the situation saying they had messages about it on their Facebook page and "every day" they were in Northern Ireland.
The secretary of state was asked which political parties had opposed a pay cut but they said it would not be "appropriate" to do so.
Later, after a question from Labour MP Kate Hoey, Mrs Bradley said it would "not be helpful to put timelines or deadlines" on when they might consider bringing back direct rule to Northern Ireland.
Micro Focus plunges 46% today, six months after its $8.8 billion acquisition of Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
Shares of Micro Focus plunged 47% at the moment on the New York Stock Exchange and closed down 46% on the London Stock Exchange — six months after the company had completed the $8.8 billion acquisition of Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), which included Autonomy that HP had calamitously acquired in October 2011. Today's dive wiped out another $6.5 billion in market capitalization, on top of the self-inflicted damage that the Autonomy acquisition had previously done to HP.
Micro Focus shares are now down 60% from November 2017, just after the HPE acquisition had closed.
Why the plunge?
Micro Focus announced this morning that CEO Chris Hsu had “submitted their resignation in order to spend more time with their family and pursue another opportunity,” effective “immediately.”
The company also disclosed that it has a revenue fiasco on its hands. On January 8, it had forecast a revenue decline of 2% to 4%. That was bad enough. Today, a little over two months later, it scuttled that forecast. It now expects a revenue decline of 9% to 12% for the six months ending April 30.
In other words, its projections can no longer be relied on: Two month after making projections, the company finds itself again in a different world. For the whole year, it forecasts a revenue decline of 6% to 9%, likely to be slashed further over the next few months.
It blamed the HPE acquisition and lists this smorgasbord of what went wrong:
Issues relating to our new IT system implementation, which have impacted the efficiency of our sales teams, our ability to transact with partners and our cash collection; Higher attrition of sales personnel due to both integration and system related issues; Disruption of ex Hewlett Packard Enterprise global customer accounts as a result of the demerger of Hewlett Packard Enterprise; and Continued sales execution issues particularly in North America.
Micro Focus Executive Chairman Kevin Loosemore said this about the architect of this acquisition:
“I would like to thank Chris Hsu for their leadership, tireless energy and enthusiasm over the past 15 months and wish them well in their new venture. Chris was instrumental in achieving the carve out of the HPE Software business in order that it be merged with Micro Focus. They have led a repositioning of the HPE Software portfolio to the needs of today's market and put in place a plan to increase our effective product investment as we integrate the companies.
So good riddance.
HPE was HP's software division that included the misbegotten, ludicrously overpriced $11.7 billion acquisition in 2011 of Autonomy Corporation, an enterprise software company based in the UK. At the time, HP executives were desperate to transition the company to software. And they did so after surgically removing their brains.
HP eventually wrote off $8.8 billion of the value of Autonomy. In November 2015, it split into two companies, HP and HPE. And in late 2017, it sold HPE to Micro Focus.
Federal prosecutors filed charges in November 2016 against Autonomy executives, alleging that starting in 2009, they attempted to deceive investors about the company's performance, financial condition, and prospects for growth. According to the indictment, the objective was to manipulate up the share price and make the company attractive to potential buyers. The trial began last month in San Francisco federal court.
Now Autonomy and HPE strike again. This time at investors of Micro Focus.
But at first, as is usually the case, it was nothing but hype. On September 1, 2017, when the HPE acquisition was officially completed, Micro Focus gushed:
“Combined company becomes world's seventh largest pure-play software company, the largest UK technology firm listed on London Stock Exchange, with revenue of $4.4 billion.”
“Merger brings together two software leaders with focus on helping customers extend existing software investments while embracing innovation in a world of Hybrid IT.”
The company also raved about its strategy of growing by acquisition over the past three years “in series of major moves,” including The Attachmate Group, Serena Software, and HPE Software.
The HPE deal was a “transformational transaction,” it said elsewhere. It's certainly very transformational for investors who're getting once again cleaned out.
But somebody came out ahead in all these deals – in addition to CEOs and other top executives who reaped huge bonuses and stock compensation packages: Wall Street. It takes its cut from every merger and spinoff and acquisition. Alone on the Micro Focus acquisition of HPE, the last leg so far in the series, Wall Street banks and advisors extracted upwards of $260 million in fees. Ka-ching.
But Wall Street never sleeps: iHeartMedia finally filed for bankruptcy. Read… Bain Capital Wins Again: $20-Billion Leveraged-Buyout Queen Topples, Biggest in Years, Another Private Equity Casualty
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
The man who says they sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday they think they are being treated unfairly, and they were positive at the time the drill was real.
The man, who said they don't want to be identified for security reasons, was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HI-EMA) earlier this week. They told CNN on Friday that they feel terrible about what happened, but they did what they were trained to do.
They hope that by speaking out, they can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states.
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man, who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years, according to their lawyer, and their coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts, they said.
"I thought 100 percent it was real," said the former employee, who said they had been involved in about five prior missile drills.
The man said this time they never heard "exercise, exercise, exercise" over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker.
The man said they heard the words "This is not a drill" in a voice they did not recognize and reacted as they were trained to do. They went on their computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert.
Bruce Oliveira, who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident, said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise.
Oliveira, who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general, also told reporters, "When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued," the employee who sent it out "seemed confused, they froze and another employee had to take over their responsibilities."
The employee "had a history of confusing drill and real-world events," Oliveira said.
The man disagreed with the state's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill.
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors -- it was shift change, they and others lacked training, the drill was unannounced -- for the alert that wasn't corrected for 38 minutes.
They also said protocols for the drills they were involved in changed each time.
"The (state and the Federal Communications Commission) have false information in the reports," the man said.
Attorney Michael Green said their client was a scapegoat.
"No one was ready for this day," Green said by phone. "They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened."
Green and their client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert. Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled. The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom.
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found "that insufficient management controls, poor computer software design and human factors contributed" to the alert and a delayed correction message.
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan, Hawaii's state adjutant general, said Vern Miyagi, administrator of the state emergency management agency, resigned Tuesday.
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of their employees, Logan said. Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken, Logan said.
Logan said they appointed Brig. Gen. Moses Kaoiwi, director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard, as interim agency administrator.
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations, including eliminating practice drills during a shift change, stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert, and improved training.
The former employee told CNN that the task they were assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job.
But they said that they think the military is better equipped for alerts. Before November, the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes, possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events.
FCC report
Oliveira's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday.
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic.
"Many things went wrong in Hawaii," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement. "I don't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials. We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them -- not just in Hawaii, but anywhere else where they may exist."
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing, the report noted. The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to them about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked them to write a statement.
They said they then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against them to agency officials. They said they saw a doctor for sleep issues. They also had their hearing tested (no issues there, they said).
Green said their client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK – An HBO documentary about the relationship between actor and writer Carrie Fisher and their Hollywood legend mother, Debbie Reynolds, will airSaturday.
“Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds” was expected to premiere on the cable network this spring, but HBO moved it up after the pair's deaths.
Although it hasn't been on television, “Bright Lights” was shown last year at film festivals in New York and Cannes.
Fisher died Tuesday after being stricken on an airplane flight. Them mother was rushed to the hospital and died the next day.
The filmmakers have described the project as Fisher's initial idea. Them mother was about to give their final live performances in Las Vegas two years ago, and Fisher wanted to document them.
– Associated Press
Inaugural planners: Several states represented in parade
hello
More than three dozen organizations have accepted invitations to take part in the inaugural parade after President-elect Donald Trump is sworn in Jan. 20, the Presidential Inaugural Committee announced. More than 8,000 participants will represent the various groups. A list of the organizations:
- 1st Cavalry Division Horse Cavalry Detachment, Fort Hood, Texas
- 1st Infantry Division Commanding General's Mounted Color Guard, Fort Riley, Kansas
- Boone County Elite 4-H Equestrian Drill Team, Burlington, Kentucky
- Caisson Platoon, Fort Myer, Fort Myer, Virginia
- Cleveland Police Mounted Unit, Cleveland, Ohio
- Coastal Florida Police & Fire Pipes & Drums, Palm Coast, Florida
- Columbus North High School Band, Columbus, Indiana
- Culver Academy Equestrian, Culver, Indiana
- First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
- Fishburne Military School Army JROTC Caissons Battalion, Waynesboro, Virginia
- Frankfort High School Band, Ridgeley, West Virginia
- Franklin Regional High School Panther Marching Band, Murrysville, Pennsylvania
- Indianapolis Metro Police Motorcycle Drill Team, Indianapolis, Indiana
- Lil Wranglers, College Station, Texas
- Marist College Band, Poughkeepsie, New York
- Merced County Sheriff's Posse, Hilmar, California
- Michigan Multi-Jurisdictional Mounted Police Drill Team & Color Guard, Ann Arbor, Michigan
- Mid America Cowgirls Rodeo Drill Team, New Buffalo, Michigan
- Nassau County Firefighters Pipes & Drums, East Meadow, New York
- North Carolina Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association, Hillsborough, North Carolina
- NYPD Emerald Society Pipes & Drums, East Moriches, New York
- Olivet Nazarene University, Bourbonnais, Illinois
- Palmetto Ridge High School Band, Naples, Florida
- Russellville High School Band, Russellville, Arkansas
- Talladega College Band, Talladega, Alabama
- Texas State University Strutters, San Marcos, Texas
- The Citadel Regimental Band & Pipes and Summerall Guards, Charleston, South Carolina
- The Freedom Riders, Kersey, Colorado
- Tupelo High School Band, Tupelo, Mississippi
- University of Tennessee Marching Band, Knoxville, Tennessee
- VMI Corps of Cadets, Lexington, Virginia
- West Monroe High School Marching Band, West Monroe, Louisiana
Several national groups have also accepted invitations to march in the parade, the committee announced. They are American Veterans; Boy Scouts of America; U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations; Disabled American Veterans; Paralyzed American Veterans; Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors; U.S. Border Patrol Pipes & Drums; Wounded Warrior Project; Kids Overseas.
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
LONDON - Britain will use new powers to seize the assets of foreign criminals and corrupt politicians, The Times newspaper reported on Saturday quoting the security minister.
Investors from Russia, China and the Middle East have poured billions into London, buying everything from luxury properties to entire companies, but the provenance of some of those funds has been questioned by transparency campaigners.
It is unclear how much money is laundered through Britain, but the National Crime Agency has said calculations of between 36 billion pounds ($50.83 billion) and 90 billion pounds ($127.08 billion) are "a significant underestimate."
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
LITHIA, Fla. - With the legalization of medical marijuana in Florida, one mother hopes other parents struggling to save their children from a life of misery caused by severe seizures will hold onto hope that relief is on the way.
Renee Petro has been a strong advocate for medical marijuana ever since traditional medicines failed to help their son Branden cope with Febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome (FIRES). It is a rare disease Petro said Branden developed when they were eight.
With the passage of Amendment 2 Petro said families have been given “hope, it's a step in the right direction,” Petro said.
During our interview with Petro their son was smiling and laughing running around the dining room. Then, Petro realized they were about to have an attack.
They took off their microphone and grabbed Branden's arm. Branden's eyes then rolled back, saliva coming out of their mouth, and the laughing 14-year-old we were just watching was gone. They were having a severe seizure.
Petro and their mother gently laid Branden onto the carpet. Petro ran into the living room grabbed a cannabis nasal spray and gave it to Branden.
From the time they started to have a seizure to the time the medicine started working was less than a minute. They picked Branden up and walked them to the couch to rest.
About five minutes later Branden was up running around the house again.
Without the cannabis nasal spray Petro said Branden's seizure would probably have lasted for another 30 to 45 seconds and it would have been a lot more intense.
When Branden was first diagnosed they were on 20 different drugs to treat their seizures. Now, Petro said they are on just one pharmaceutical and they are currently weening them off of that.
With medical marijuana Petro said “he just recently went 30 days without a seizure, and the aggression, rage, suicidal thoughts, insomnia, has virtually gone away just by weening them off of these drugs.”
Petro wants to stress that come January 3rd patients won't have access to all types of strains of medical marijuana.
“That does not mean you can go, if you are a patient right now and find other types of cannabis products, and find other types of cannabis products high in THC,” Petro said. “We are looking at 6 to 9 months down the road for those.”
Petro has been treating Branden with cannabis since 2013. Putting themselves at risk of being arrested for giving their child an illegal drug.
“Nothing is scarier than what I've witnessed as a mother with my child. Nothing is scarier than having to call 911 because my son is pretty much losing their mind from the side effects of their medication, nothing worse than having nine to ten sheriff's in my home,” Petro said. “I am going to make sure they live the best and happiest life they can period regardless of what that law or this law says. Because, at the end of the day, I'm their mother and I know what's best for him.”
Petro urges anyone who wants to use medical marijuana for treatment to see a doctor sooner rather than later. There is a 90 day waiting period once your doctor gives you approval.
Petro said legislators are still figuring out all the rules and regulations for medical marijuana so the logistics of getting medical marijuana could change.
“We do not know, yet, whether that 90 day window will go away,” Petro said. “You need to get in now. If you already have not otherwise, you are going to be waiting even longer.”
Petro said once Amendment 2 passed they felt “good… like we are getting somewhere.”
And Petro said their son's healthy is going the right direction as well, and it's all because of medical cannabis giving them and other families in Florida in similar situations, “hope, that there is something that has virtually no side effects that can stop or reduce the severity and duration of a seizure. It may not work every time, but if 90 percent of the time it works, we've won that battle. And everybody should have access to that. No matter what. Period.”
The nasal spray is not available in Florida, yet. Petro said it could be available sometime later this year if not sooner.
For more information on a doctor that can prescribe medical marijuana visit www.floridahealth.gov/programs-and-services/office-of-compassionate-use/_documents/completed-cme.pdf.
A young and pretty female driver was seen at Ojuelegba Monday afternoon. The lady simply identified as Bisi, is said to be a very good driver, ever cheerful and calm. Below is a post published on Facebook by Oguntoyinbo Ismael Olanrewaju Neville, who posted their photos: “Just around noon under Ojuelegba bridge, in Surulere area of Lagos state; I sighted this lady(her name is Bisi) driving a
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Viking Investments Group, Inc. ("Viking") ( OTC PINK : VKIN) is pleased to announce its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mid-Con Petroleum, LLC ("Mid-Con"), has entered into an agreement to drill new wells on one of its existing oil leases in Eastern Kansas.
The agreement, effective December 30th, 2016, contemplates Mid-Con assigning a small portion (i.e. 2%) of its working interest in the ABC lease, located in Miami County, to an individual investor in exchange for the investor contributing capital to facilitate the drilling and completion of 6 to 7 new producing wells on the lease. Viking will retain a 93% working interest in the lease. The investor will receive one hundred percent of the tax credits available in connection with the drilling investment. The agreement is conditional upon approval of Mid-Con's senior secured lender, CrossFirst Bank, releasing its security against the 2% working interest to be assigned to the investor. Funds to cover the associated costs (approx. $150,000) have already been deposited by the investor and will be released upon the assignment being approved by the bank.
Mid-Con's operator, S & B Operating, LLC ("S&B"), will coordinate and supervise this development initiative. S&B is a subsidiary of Kansas Resource Development Company, and specializes in formulating and operating water-flood enhanced oil recovery programs. The ABC lease represents one of Mid-Con's most prolific assets and these new wells are expected to significantly increase the company's oil production from the lease in the near term. The wells will be drilled at a depth of approx. 350 feet targeting the Peru formation. Wells similar to those to be drilled on this lease have demonstrated the ability to produce for 20 - 30 years.
About Viking:
Viking is an independent exploration and production company focused on the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties in North America. The company owns oil and gas leases in Alberta, Kansas and Missouri. The company's interests in Kansas and Missouri cover over 6,000 acres of property. Viking targets under-valued assets with realistic appreciation potential.
Viking is not an investment company, as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Safe Harbor Statement:
This press release may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) the company's financing plans; (ii) trends affecting the company's financial condition or results of operations; (iii) the company's growth strategy and operating strategy; and (iv) the declaration and payment of dividends. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "intend" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including the risk disclosed in the company's Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC.
The 2018 NFL Draft is nearly here, and while you probably know all about the slew of star quarterbacks expected to go in the top five along with Penn State standout Saquon Barkley, there are plenty of potential superstars to be found later in the first round.
ESPN draft expert Mel Kiper Kiper released their big board of 300 prospects on Tuesday, which included a few surprises at the top of the list. You can see Kiper's full ranking of the top 300 prospects, as well as their extensive positional rankings, here.
Here are Kiper's top players at every position heading into the draft, along with their average mock draft position according to our consensus mock draft.
QB – Josh Allen, Wyoming (mock draft average spot: 2.5)
RB – Saquon Barkley, Penn State (3.6)
Fullback – Jaylen Samuels, NC State (out of the first round)
Wide receiver – Calvin Ridley, Alabama (19.0)
Tight end – Dallas Goedert, South Dakota State (30.5)
OT – Kolton Miller, UCLA (29.8)
OG – Quenton Nelson, Notre Dame (6.6)
C – Frank Ragnow, Arkansas (out of the first round)
DE – Bradley Chubb, NC State (4.6)
DT – Da'Ron Payne, Alabama (19.3)
ILB – Roquan Smith, Georgia (12.0)
OT – Harold Landry, Boston College (23.6)
CB – Denzel Ward, Ohio State (7.8)
S – Derwin James, Florida State (11.0)
K – Daniel Carlson, Auburn (out of the first round)
P – Johnny Townsend, Florida (out of the first round)
Only a week away from its release, Neeraj Pandey's espionage thriller Aiyaary has run into trouble with the CBFC.
Next in line after the much controversial Padmaavat, Aiyaary is still awaiting clearance on its Film print.
A source close to the development shares, "Since Aiyaary is set against the army backdrop, the Defense Ministry wants to review the film."
The film which revolves around a plot that showcases corruption within the system has been put under screening by the Defense Ministry.
With the latest turn of events, team Aiyaary is in distress as the failure of garnering a censor certification has resulted in the film's overseas release in question.
Earlier while speaking about the film, Neeraj was quoted as saying, "The word 'Aiyaary' fabulously sums up what a Soldier resorts to ultimately in the face of extreme crisis. Their intelligence, sharpness and wit not only bedazzles the their own troop but also earns them the respect of their enemies. The title of the film explains the term as a person who is a chameleon in character and works towards mastering in all given situation. It means master of Beharoooiya."
Neeraj Pandey's espionage thriller will yet again present a mind-bending story by the pioneer of the genre. 'Aiyaary' will showcase the ace filmmaker's hold over the genre after films like 'Special 26', 'Baby', 'Rustom', 'M.S.Dhoni', 'A Wednesday'.
'Aiyaary' revolves around two strong-minded army officers having completely different views, yet right in their own ways. The film portrays Sidharth Malhotra as an army officer sharing a mentor-protege bond with Manoj Bajpayee.
Starring Manoj Bajpayee and Sidharth Malhotra as the mentor and protege, 'Aiyaary' also stars Anupam Kher, Naseeruddin Shah, Rakul Preet Singh, Pooja Chopra in pivotal roles.
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
Let one bleached-blond reality-TV celebrity become president of a global superpower, and suddenly they all want to get in on the act.
The improbable political rise of Russia's Ksenia Sobchak, 36, a television and social-media darling, is the latest version.
“We all know [the] ‘Trump effect,'” Sobchak said Friday.
Despite their brash persona and complete lack of governing experience, the former Playboy pin-up is the only anti-corruption challenger going up against President Vladimir Putin when they try to win a fourth term on March 18.
“Many people would vote for me, I'm quite sure … I know the rules of how brand works,” Sobchak said.
The jet-setting socialite and fashion plate long known as “Russia's Paris Hilton” is making a U.S. trip this week to woo expatriate Russians, charm the American press, and perhaps meet up with President Trump at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C. on Thursday.
“I want to show the people of Russia that there is another point of view,” they told the state-run RT news channel last week. “This is the goal of my campaign.”
Sobchak, a fixture of Moscow's party scene since the early 2000s, is a ubiquitous presence in Russian pop culture. They have been the face of a string of high-profile ventures — their own fashion line, a perfume, three books, several films, a magazine, a rap video, and a steady succession of attention-getting TV slots — and has been a cover girl for Playboy Rus, Russian Glamour and more.
She's a regular at fashion week in Paris and Milan, at glam international festivals like Cannes, and at red-carpet Russian events like the Moscow Film Festival and the Muz-TV music awards.
They chronicle it all, and continually pushes their brand, on an Instagram feed with 5.4 million followers.
She's also political royalty: the daughter of Anatoly Sobchak, the former mayor of St. Petersburg, who mentored Putin during their student days and hired them for their first government job.
The tight alliance between the two men gave rise to rumors that Ksenia Sobchak is Putin's goddaughter (she denies it). Them mother still serves as a pro-Putin legislator in the upper house of Russia's parliament.
Sobchak says they told Putin of their plan to take a shot at their job before they announced it publicly last October — but insists that they are not doing their bidding.
“I think they were a bit surprised and they didn't like the idea of me running because they were silent for quite a while,” they told the Sunday Times of London. “Then they said, ‘It's your decision.'”
Them family ties, and the extensive coverage that their campaign has gotten on state-run television, make members of Russia's opposition movement suspect that Sobchak is merely a pawn of the Kremlin.
Even so, having their name on the ballot will likely boost voter turnout by spicing up a lackluster race that Putin is guaranteed to win. The latest polls have them getting 68 percent of the vote — with Sobchak garnering a mere 1.5 percent.
If Russia's ruler is hoping for fireworks, Sobchak can deliver. Them knack for sparking controversy goes back more than a decade.
Starting in 2004, their eight-year stint as host of the raunchy reality show “Dom-2” was a source of constant outrage for conservative viewers.
The “Big Brother”-like series isolated a group of contestants and gave them the task of building a house. The completed home was awarded to a couple chosen by the viewers — and to win fans, participants took to stripteases and on-camera sex acts.
“All of this is a form of luring young people into prostitution,” huffed one protester to the Moscow Times in 2005. Moscow City Council members tried to shut the showdown and demanded that Sobchak be prosecuted as a pimp.
“[They] should thank us for our program instead of criticizing it,” Sobchak shrugged at the time. “It's aired at the same time as the evening news, which is mainly about problems in our country that [politicians] are unable to solve. By watching ‘Dom-2' young people at least don't hear about them.”
They juggled several reality shows simultaneously for years. “Top Model Po-Russki” was an “America's Next Top Model” spin-off. “Blonde in Chocolate” caricatured their glittery social life as they got drunk, swore, and changed their skimpy outfits on camera.
“This character is my hero,” they said of the show's version of themselves in 2007. “She can be in this pool with naked boys. They can be absurd. I am trying to speak to people through parody.”
But Sobchak's entirely unserious career took a swerve when they made a surprise appearance at one of the massive anti-corruption protests that sprang up in 2011, after Putin announced plans to run for their third presidential term and parliamentary elections broke down amid allegations of fraud. Thousands took to the streets.
“I am Ksenia Sobchak, and I have something to lose by being here with you,” they announced to a crowd of 80,000 in Moscow's Bolotnaya Square. They booed.
In the government crackdown that followed, Sobchak lost their TV hosting jobs and their home was raided by police. “Whether it's prison or exile, they're out to silence me,” they told the New York Times.
They morphed into a political talk show host on an independent online news channel. They began to wield social media as a weapon, mixing parody YouTube videos and opposition political content into the steady stream of selfies and product placement posts on their Instagram feed. They married film actor Maksim Vitorgan and gave birth to a son, now 14 months old.
Sobchak entered the presidential race under the slogan “Against All” — the Russian idiom meaning “none of the above”— with the support of the leftist Civil Initiative Party, which collected the 105,000 voter signatures required to get their name on the ballot. They have hired a veteran of Bernie Sanders' 2016 campaign as their political adviser.
“I am not making a claim to the role of professional politician,” they said in an Oct. 24 press conference. “I believe that it is important that the voice of my generation is heard at these elections.”
But by running as the anti-Putin, pro-reform candidate, they upended the plans of the opposition movement's best-known leader, Alexei Navalny, who has been barred from the election and is organizing a boycott of the polls in protest.
“The people are really afraid of what's going on in Russia; they are suffering with fear, sitting at home, doors locked, because they are afraid of their government,” Sobchak told RT News last week.
“After this [election], people like me will break this wall of autocracy,” they predicted. “I don't want to take power. I want to break the wall of this autocratic regime.”
Earlier today, we had reported that Sony TV has decided to pull the plug on the popular show, Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi, and Beyhadh has been given an extension. These changes were done to accommodate the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, which is returning after three years.
The sudden decision of the channel to shut down the show has upset the fans. The fans took to Twitter to express their anger.
A new song by three young Māori women from Whakatane aims to challenge Māori to protect Papatuānuku and recycle. The new single is called Ko Wai Koe.
Singer Ani Black says, “What if my ngahere (bush) Te Urewera disappeared? What if te āo tauiwi came and took my water.
“I grew up going to the Te Urewera bush. It gives my family prosperity. The bush is a treasure to our family and to the Tūhoe Nation.”
The new single also includes Jess Walker and Te Aumihi Hapeta who made top three New Zealand Radio for Māori music for their song Tirama in 2015. Ko wai koe was composed by Maraea Davies.
Hapeta says, “It's a great kaupapa to be a part of. So, we're very proud of that and especially Mātaatua. “
In Whakatāne, a Matariki concert around environmental issues was the focus of debuting their single.
“With this waiata, I believe there is a strong message in there. Are we prepared to protect our water or sell it off?” says Black.
Image copyright EPA Image caption A Kenyan electronics dealer stands by blank screens that would normally be playing the three suspended channels
With Kenya's most popular television stations off-air for five days running, many people are finding alternative ways to spend their time.
At a bar in Nairobi's Kibera neighbourhood, Maurice chats with their friends over a beer.
They say they have no reason to go home early because their favourite channels are off.
"I only watch Citizen TV, KTN news or NTV," they say. "I feel so bad."
The three channels command more than two-thirds of the entire television viewership in Kenya.
There are other, less popular broadcasters of news - like KBC, which aired a documentary on penguins rather than broadcasting opposition leader Raila Odinga's unofficial "inauguration" on Tuesday.
The other is K24, a privately-owned channel linked to President Uhuru Kenyatta's family.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption An empty studio normally used for news broadcasts
"I have resorted to social media. I can't stomach KBC and K24," is the blunt assessment of Martin Biwott, a civil educator from Eldoret in western Kenya.
Neither channel seems to be attracting news-hungry viewers exiled by the blackout elsewhere, many of whom have labelled KBC "boring" and K24 as leaning towards the state.
One journalist has pointed to the irony of KBC, with its links to the president's family, hosting a debate on whether the government decision to take broadcasters off the air was a "crackdown on subversion".
Skip Twitter post by @MaggieFick K24, a Kenyan TV station owned by President Uhuru Kenyatta's family, is still on air. A few mins ago they had a talk show on, the subject was: "Crackdown on Subversion?" pic.twitter.com/oOJsZhe5EL — Maggie Fick (@MaggieFick) February 1, 2018 Report
Citizen Television usually enjoys more than half of the ratings pie, according to 2017 data from market researcher Ipsos Synovate.
The rest of the Kenyan TV broadcasters, made up of more than 40 other channels, either have niche audiences or are just struggling for oxygen beneath the giants.
Why are Kenya's biggest TV stations banned?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Odinga calls themselves the "people's president"
30 Jan: Kenyan authorities order Citizen TV, KTN and NTV to halt transmission for attempting to broadcast a rival "inauguration" staged by opposition leader Raila Odinga
Kenyan authorities order Citizen TV, KTN and NTV to halt transmission for attempting to broadcast a rival "inauguration" staged by opposition leader Raila Odinga Mr Odinga brands themselves "the people's president" at the ceremony; they maintain that last year's presidential election was flawed, and many of their supporters boycotted the re-run which followed
The event is labelled "treasonous" by President Uhuru Kenyatta and a "serious breach of security" by the interior minister
1 Feb : High Court orders Kenya's government to switch TV stations back on until a case is heard and determined
: High Court orders Kenya's government to switch TV stations back on until a case is heard and determined But the three channels - Citizen TV, KTN and NTV - remain off-air, and the state is yet to officially comment on the order
So with the biggest channels off air, what are TV addicts turning to?
Pay-as-you-watch television rooms, known as video halls, keep residents of Kenya's poorer neighbourhoods entertained with classic Kung Fu and action movies.
While in rural Kenya, people watch TV at home or at their neighbours' homes.
These rural and informal settings are how the majority of Kenyans watch TV.
At the video halls, martial arts movies are usually interrupted at 19:00 each night to make way for primetime news, which one can watch for the price of a cup of tea and a Mandazi bun - a kind of fried bread.
Usually, these folk watch KTN, NTV or Citizen News. But right now, with no news, it is non-stop action fare. Cue Sylvester Stallone's Rambo for the umpteenth time.
Embracing the blackout
But some Kenyans seem to be enjoying the blackout of the three big broadcasters. Some are finding more time to bond with family.
"It's pretty good actually," says Ruth Nduta. "There's minimal political intrusion in the living room. Now it's politics on demand through the net and social media. I could get used to this!"
Anne Murungi, who works in tourism, agrees. ''For me it was a breath of fresh air. I just needed a world away from politics and this shutdown just did it for me," they say.
"Interestingly, I didn't miss news at all because I got what I wanted - like business news - from other sources."
Image copyright Anne Murungi/BBC Image caption Anne Murungi is saying the shutdown has been a 'breath of fresh air'
Politics as a topic never dies in Kenya. But political burnout was inevitable after last year's contested presidential election and the repeat vote that followed.
It meant a double-dose of campaigns, political news and analysis for weary Kenyans.
'Bias and bile'
The blackout of Kenya's biggest broadcasters has prompted some viewers to reflect on the standards they expect from national news coverage.
''Instead of getting quality and informative news, all we get every morning are 'political analysts' who are biased and full of bile," says Mbuthia Nganga, a resident of Nairobi.
The TV shutdown has also alarmed rights groups, with Amnesty International describing the shutdown as an assault on press freedom and urging the state to respect people's right to information.
Image copyright NTV Image caption Auntie Boss, a comedy series broadcast on NTV, follows domestic helpers in Kenya and the wealthy family they work for
Beyond the news, some Kenyans also say they miss the entertainment shows on offer, particularly local content.
Programmes like NTV's Auntie Boss and Citizen TV's Papa Shirandula are very popular.
Luckily, for lovers of KTN programmes I spoke to like Francisca Opechuku, the station has a dedicated entertainment channel, KTN Home, which wasn't switched off.
However it stopped airing news when its sister channel KTN News was taken off-air.
To keep their newsrooms running, KTN News, NTV and Citizen all retreated to the same place many Kenyans went - social media.
They have been streaming their news output on YouTube or their websites, as well as posting on Facebook and Twitter.
But this hasn't made up for the blackout - while Kenya is a connected nation with internet penetration rates of more than 80%, mobile data is mostly expensive and out of reach for many.
David Lauderdale of the Island Packet posed a simple question at last weekend's RBC Heritage: What would you do to improve golf? Lauderdale received some thoughtful responses when interviewing various industry personalities. The consideration of said feedback had a slightly different tone, however, when Lauderdale traveled to Harbour Town's 18th hole, the de facto "party scene" for the Hilton Head Island event. Their answers, simply put, are horrifying.
A sample of Lauderdale's findings:
“If the golfers could play with no shirts on.”
Sorry, we've seen that one play out before, and it's no bueno.
“Food trucks.”
God help the poor bastards playing behind Beef Johnston.
"Have free beer at all golf courses."
Because hand-eye coordination is overrated.
“Nudity. Any form of nudity.”
See video above.
“Make sure the temperature's warm and it's always sunny.”
(Slaps forehead)
They weren't all terrible replies; we could definitely get behind mist fans located throughout the course. Moreover, golf's refusal to embrace a progressive approach has hurt it in the past.
That said, if the heads of the sport are searching for innovation, we recommend avoiding this particular crowd.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Treasury boosts wine presence at Auckland airport
Treasury Wine Estates (TWE) has partnered with Lagardère Travel Retail to launch prominent new product displays for its wine portfolio at Auckland International Airport, New Zealand's main gateway. Best-selling TWE wines and duty-free exclusives from Penfolds, Wolf Blass and Matua will feature in the displays, after the companies signed a seven-year partnership. Source, Moodie Davitt Report.
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out.
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season.
"We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said.
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in their right index finger and Steven Matz left their start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in their left middle finger.
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next. Just in the last three days, New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster.
"I haven't slept in a week — well, at least," they said. "We're just trying to think of ways to get out. What can we do? What can we stress? How can we react today? What conversations can we have with which players? We have to try to continue to get out of what's going on."
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance. Balls have dropped between outfielders. Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning. Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect.
The roster keeps churning over, too.
"I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days," assistant general manager John Ricco said. "That's going to tax any team."
Samuel Awoyinfa, Abeokuta A couple who were said to be returning to Lagos from a trip to their hometown in Enugu State, were said to have died in auto crash which happened on Monday in Sagamu axis, along Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, in Ogun State. The couple who were travelling in their black Honda CRV with the […]
The post Husband, wife, son die in Ogun auto accident appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
President Trump denied he's softened their position on China to gain its help in curbing North Korea's increasing military provocations.
“I didn't soften my stance,” they said in an interview on “Fox & Friends” that aired on Tuesday. “Look, China came to the United States, the president, who I really developed a very good relationship with, I think he's a terrific person, I really got to know them very well.”
During the presidential election, Trump in stump speeches railed against China, vowing to label the world's second-largest economy a currency manipulator on day one in office and impose tariffs to force the country to negotiate a better trade deal.
But last week, they changed their tune, telling the Wall Street Journal that China is not now manipulating its currency and saying they were working with President Xi Jinping on keeping North Korea in check.
“Somebody said currency manipulation. What am I going to do? In the middle of them talking with North Korea, I'm going to hit them with currency manipulation,” Trump said in the interview. “This is the fake media that just does a number … Nobody's ever seen such a positive response on our behalf from China, and then the fake media goes ‘Donald Trump has changed their stance on China.'”
Trump and Xi spent a couple of days earlier this month at their Florida resort Mar-a-Lago talking about trade and the threat posed by North Korea.
“We have a good chemistry together. They understand it's a big problem. He's working on it,” Trump said. “Now, what am I going to do, start a trade war with China in the middle of them working on a bigger problem, frankly, with North Korea?”
They said they have “great respect” for Xi and hopes the country can bring its political and economic influence to bear on North Korea.
“We'll see what they can do. Now maybe they won't be able to help. That's possible,” Trump said. “I think he's trying, but maybe they won't be able to help and that's a whole different story. So we'll see what happens.”
A Florida woman visiting a prisoner at an Orange County jail Sunday ended up behind bars themselves after they allegedly left their 2-year-old daughter locked inside a car in 110-degree heat.
Rachel Etienne, 21, left their daughter sitting in their car with the engine off while Etienne was visiting someone at the jail in Orlando, the Orange County Sheriff's Office said.
The toddler was in the car for about 20 minutes with the heat index at 110 degrees, police said.
A staff member patrolling the parking lot noticed the girl and freed them Deputies said they were sweating heavily but otherwise uninjured.
A neighbor of Etienne told FOX35 Orlando they had previously warned Etienne about leaving their daughter in a car.
“We told them about that, you can't leave them for any length of time in a car. We actually spoke to them about this before,” Brown said. “She was like, ‘I just ran in the house to get clothes!' but we were outside. It was a good twenty minutes, at least.”
The 21-year-old mother is charged with child neglect. Them daughter has been placed in the custody of a family member by the Florida Department of Children and Families, FOX35 reported.
The FBI in Las Vegas is unveiling a new multi-agency quick-response team to handle potential child abduction cases in Nevada.
Special Agent in Charge Aaron Rouse plans to outline the Joint Child Abduction Rapid Deployment unit on Monday, with representatives from federal, state and local police agencies, the state attorney general's office and at least one sheriffs' office.
Dubbed JCARD, the idea is to be able to quickly involve trained investigators to increase the chances of recovering a child safely.
A statement calls the unit a force-multiplier -- modeled after an FBI national abduction rapid deployment program.
In Nevada, it will include Las Vegas, Henderson, North Las Vegas and Mesquite police; Esmeralda County sheriff deputies; the Nevada Highway Patrol; U.S. National Park Service police; and federal Homeland Security Investigations agents.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Orange County Sheriff's Department/Twitter(LAKE FOREST, Calif.) — The killing of University of Pennsylvania student Blaze Bernstein highlights an “important gap” in laws regarding the protection of the LGBTQ community, California Sen. Janet Nguyen said today, as they announced a new state law proposal that would add sexual orientation and gender to the charge of special circumstance murder.
Bernstein, who was gay and Jewish, was stabbed to death last month, allegedly by former high school classmate Samuel Woodward. The possibility of sexual orientation as a motive has not been ruled out by investigators, Nguyen said.
In California, killing someone specifically because they are gay is not considered a special circumstance, Nguyen said at a news conference today. Existing protected classes are race, color, religion, nationality and country of origin, said Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas.
The penalty for special circumstance murder is life without possibility of parole or the death penalty, while penalties for first- and second-degree murder are less severe, Rackauckas said.
They didn't discuss if Bernstein was killed because they were gay, but says the investigation brought the issue to their attention.
Bernstein, 19, was at home in Southern California for winter break when they went missing on Jan. 2. After an extensive search, their body was found on Jan. 9 in the brush surrounding Borrego Park in Foothill Ranch, the Orange County Sheriff's Department said.
Woodward — Bernstein's former classmate at the Orange County School of the Arts — was arrested on Jan. 12 and has been charged with murder.
Woodward, 20, allegedly picked up Bernstein from their home the night they went missing, the Orange County District Attorney's Office said. Woodward is accused of stabbing them to death and burying their body in the dirt in the perimeter of the park, the district attorney's office said.
Woodward pleaded not guilty this afternoon. Their bail was set at $5 million.
While special circumstance murder cannot be applied in the Woodward case, a hate crime charge has not been ruled out.
“Hate crime doesn't have to be the sole motivation for a charge,” Rackauckas explained at the news conference. “If it's a substantial part of the motivation for a murder, then it can be charged.”
Rackauckas called it a “glaring omission” that sexual orientation isn't included in California's special circumstance murder legislation.
“It's time now that California places members of the LGBTQ community as a protected class,” they said, adding that Nguyen is “somebody who can build bipartisan support and get the law enacted.”
Nguyen said the proposed Senate bill 971, which adds “sexual orientation or gender” to special circumstances legislation, would provide future victims with appropriate justice and send a “strong message” to those who commit crimes against LGBTQ people that they will be “held accountable to the fullest extent of the law.”
The Bernsteins said in a statement last month, “Our son was a beautiful gentle soul who we loved more than anything. We were proud of everything they did and who they are. They had nothing to hide. We are in solidarity with our son and the LGBTQ community. There is still much discovery to be done and if it is determined that this was a hate crime, we will cry not only for our son, but for LGBTQ people everywhere that live in fear or who have been victims of hate crime.”
Woodward's next court appearance is March 2.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Parking restrictions are being introduced in Jedburgh to allow works access to the new intergenerational community campus site.
An 18-month ban on parking is being put in place near the entrance to the site of the new £2m school at Hartigge Park from later this month.
From 7am on Tuesday, July 17, parking will be prohibited on both sides of Priors Road, eastwards from Waterside Road, for 80metres.
This will remain in place until March, 7, 2020 to allow BAM Construction safe access to the works site.
The Scottish Government gave the go-ahead for the campus in February and, with work having begun shortly after, the campus is due to open in March 2020.
The project is being overseen by the council and development partner Hub South East Scotland, and Hertfordshire-based BAM Construction, part of the Dutch Royal BAM Group, has been given the contract to build the school.
Traveling with kids means saying goodbye to midnight tapas, hello to in-flight diaper changes. Instead of breezing through security with a carry-on and a couple of magazines, you show up with car seats and folding cribs, bags stuffed with formula and toys impossible to fly without
Or maybe not.
While apps can't help with the airborne diapers, these days parents can leverage a slew of online companies to solve other challenges on the road. These startup services may not have been designed to let you leave home without lugging a mega-pack of diapers — but co-opting them for that purpose proves a winning strategy. A little creative smartphone use can make trips with kids seem almost like … trips without kids.
They really work. On a recent trip to Washington, DC, I wanted to try a buzzy barbecue joint, Federalist Pig. It would have been a no-brainer for childless me, but couldn't have been less convenient for a parent with two small kids in tow. It was a hike from both the train station and our hotel; it doesn't take reservations and often has a line running down the block; it only serves until the day's batch of slow-and-low-cooked meat runs out.
The sharing economy saved the day — or, at least, satisfied my foodie craving. On the train ride down, I had a virtual assistant from FancyHands make sure the restaurant was open that day, placed our order online, then used TaskRabbit to hire someone to pick up and deliver our food. When we arrived at the hotel, lunch was waiting; all we had to do was dump our luggage and dig in.
That's just one way to hack a family vacation with apps. Here are six more tricks.
Don't pack — Prime
Why stuff your suitcase with diapers when, with a little forethought, you can use Amazon Prime to send a couple of packs right to your hotel. (Give the property a heads-up, just in case.) It works with everything from formula to beach toys — and even overseas. You can even do it if you're renting an apartment. Airbnb guests can pick deliveries up at Amazon lockers all over the US, in parts of Canada and much of Europe.
Get an instant sitter
On-demand babysitting app Chime lets you book childcare in New Jersey, Boston, Chicago and Washington, DC, without having to conduct interviews or ask friends of friends for recommendations. Plug in your location and your desired date-night hours, and the app will send you screened babysitter matches to choose from. Rates start at $14 an hour, depending on the city and number of kids, and the in-app payment means you don't have to worry about having extra cash on hand.
Go carry-on only
Stop schlepping skis — and just about everything else. Luggage Forward is one of the many online services that will pick up your gear and ship it to your destination. It's pricier than airline baggage fees — domestic round-trip shipping for a small bag starts at $79 — but far more convenient than lugging bags through multiple airports. It pays to plan ahead: standard shipping is five days, and overnight service can triple the cost.
Eat fancy again
Just because you're traveling with kids doesn't mean your only options are Pizzeria Uno and room service. A number of apps let you eat at — or, more accurately, from — top restaurants with a few swipes, no babysitter required. Caviar, which operates in more than 15 US cities, delivers from spots like Pok Pok in Portland, Ore., and Boqueria in Washington, DC. In London, Supper shuttles food from the Michelin-starred Indian restaurant Tamarind. And UberEats has been expanding across the globe, picking up food from nice eateries in more than 200 cities, including Warsaw and Rio de Janeiro.
Have your assistant handle it
Calling the hotel to make sure a crib is available. Calling the airline to change your reservation. Calling the hotel again to ask for an early check-in so you don't have to miss naptime. A virtual assistant service like FancyHands can take care of all those niggling little tasks, starting at about $30 a month. Just sign up and start emailing your requests in. They tend to do better at straightforward assignments, like making appointments, than at ones requiring judgment or expertise, like planning a trip.
Use a body double
At home, TaskRabbit is useful for hiring a last-minute dog walker or finding someone to do an Ikea run. But it's just as handy on vacation — Taskers can hold your place in line at a popular venue or pick up event tickets (and even, ahem, some barbecued pork belly) for you. At press time, TaskRabbit was available in 39 US cities as well as London. If only they did on-demand diaper changes.
Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook; LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault; and former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger were among the guests Tuesday at the first state dinner of Donald Trump's presidency, a formal fete for French President Emmanuel Macron.
The dinner is the culmination of two days of meetings and symbolic gestures for the two leaders and their wives, who on Monday visited George Washington's Virginia home, Mt. Vernon. For guests, it's a sign of their close ties to the Trump administration or to the French government, and an opportunity to mingle with leaders from politics, business and the arts.
The White House said the Trumps chose to keep the dinner small, contained to the rooms of the residence's state floor and not overflowing into a tent on the South Lawn, as President Barack Obama's state dinners did, with as many as 400 guests. A shorter guest list could also be a sign of Trump's relative unpopularity with elites, especially in Hollywood.
Macron has been one of the few European leaders to develop a strong relationship with Trump, one that has manifested itself during this visit through extended handshakes and rounds of praise from the U.S. president. Trump was impressed by the show France put on for them during a visit last summer and was eager to deliver a similarly grand experience this week for Macron.
The menu for the three-course dinner offers American cuisine with a French twist, including goat cheese gateau, rack of spring lamb, Carolina Gold rice jambalaya, nectarine tart and creme fraiche ice cream.
As a presidential candidate, Trump boasted that he'd “have the best ballroom” for such an occasion. But after they had won the Republican nomination, they suggested eliminating formal state dinners altogether.
“We shouldn't have dinners at all,” they said at rally in Atlanta in June 2016. “We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CBS Local — Many parents will tell you their children seem to ask a million questions a day. A new study has actually put a number on how curious kids can be; estimating that youngsters ask 73 questions each day. Maybe more unnerving for parents, researchers found that adults struggled to answer nearly half of the questions put to them.
“As children grow up it's natural to be curious about the world around them,” said Dr. Sam Wass in a press release. “As parents it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.” The team added that a child's curiosity peaks at age four and leaves nearly 40 percent of UK parents feeling “hopeless” as they search for the answers.
Researchers polled 1,500 parents to find out what are some of the most difficult topics children want to know about and how adults deal with them. Dr. Wass and their team found that parents are turning to Google more often to deliver the perfect response to tough questions.
Wass added other solutions for parents searching for the right way to discuss uncomfortable topics. “Using educational and visual aids such as toys can help to soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects. Expressing complex thoughts and ideas through familiar items can often help children's understanding.”
Curious children ask 73 questions each day – many of which #parents can't answer, says study. https://t.co/42WJz2Eoez pic.twitter.com/GiwSJX82tE — Raising Kids (@KettlebellKids) December 4, 2017
The study found that these questions were the most difficult for British parents to talk about with their kids:
FILE - In this March 2, 2014 file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at the Oscars in Los Angeles. Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from their own company after The New York Times released a report alleging decades of sexual harassment against women, including employees and actor Ashley Judd. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on fallout from sexual harassment allegations against Oscar-winning producer Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
7:15 p.m.
The board of directors of The Weinstein Co. say it takes sexual harassment allegations against co-founder Harvey Weinstein extremely seriously and has appointed a legal team to review them.
A statement issued Friday evening states Weinstein is taking an indefinite leave of absence. It says the next steps for their future with the company depend on their therapeutic progress and the results of the internal investigation.
The statement is signed by four of six remaining board members.
The board named attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP as the head of the internal investigation.
The statement says it is essential for The Weinstein Co. to have a culture where women can work with respect and without fear of harassment or discrimination.
___
6:45 p.m.
A source with knowledge of the decision says Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from their film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims leveled against the Oscar winner.
The source, who was not authorized to speak publicly, says an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday. The decision was made by The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors.
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. Weinstein said Thursday that they were taking a leave of absence.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
— By Jake Coyle, AP Film Writer
___
3 a.m.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein has long held a larger-than-life role in Hollywood, but many are questioning whether their career will survive detailed accusations of sexual harassment leveled by several women.
The accusations were published Thursday by The New York Times and include accusations Weinstein sexually harassed actores, including Ashley Judd, and former employees. Weinstein has said they are taking a leave of absence from their company and acknowledged they have behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a vendetta against him.
The Times says it stands by its reporting.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, says the accusations against Weinstein mean there will now be a "cost" associated with working with the Oscar winner.
Circus Of Horrors returns to Blackpool with its new incarnation Voodoo.
The spectacular features an amazing amalgamation of bizarre and fantastic circus acts's all woven into a sensational horror story.
Each year, the Circus of Horrors plays more than 100 UK theatres and the latest tour has expanded to take in festivals throughout the world including The Fuji Rock Festival in Japan, the Wacken Festival in Germany plus shows in Chile, Uruguay, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, France, Italy, Ireland, Finland,
The circus also visited Hong Kong and Moscow where it became the first UK Circus ever to perform in Russia. The show also played an astounding 10 nights at London's O2.
The Circus of Horrors became the only circus ever to reach the finals of Britain's Got Talent and the first circus to perform in London's West End for more than 100 years.
The Circus of Horrors started it's gruesome beginnings at the 1995 Glastonbury Festival and became an instant hit, touring all over the world from Chile to Chatham, Argentina to Aberdeen, Japan to Jersey including festival appearances with Alice Cooper, Ermine, Motley Cure, Oasis, Iron Maiden, The Manic St Preachers, Foo Fighters and many more.
The latest show will be at Blackpool Pleasure Beach from October 27 to 31.
Call 0871 222 9090 to book.
Join us for this virtual conference, which will address the complexities of delivering instructional tools and digital resources in the increasingly open educational ecosystem. 10 a.m. – 4 p.m. April 19 Library Room 309 Click here to register. For more information on the conference, click here. Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Julie Barnett
Email:
julie.barnett@ttu.edu
Department:
Library
Categories
Academic
Departmental
SAN JOSE — Earthquakes starters Anibal Godoy and Harold Cummings could miss the next six games while representing Panama at the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
The Panamanians were the only Quakes players named Wednesday to rosters for the tournament from June 14-July 15. Their absences will force coach Mikael Stahre to make big adjustments in the midfield and backline starting Saturday night as San Jose (2-7-3, nine points) tries to join the Western Conference playoff race.
The Earthquakes travel to Chicago on Saturday hoping to end a two-game losing streak. San Jose also has a fourth-round U.S. Open Cup game in Portland next Wednesday to add to the difficulty in managing a roster without two starters.
Major League Soccer has scheduled a midseason break June 14-23 to account for much of World Cup group play. But MLS clubs had to release their World Cup players this week.
Godoy, 28, and Cummings, 26, helped Panama qualify for its first World Cup when the team finished third in the Central and North American and Caribbean region known as CONCACAF.
Panama opens the tournament June 18 against Group G favorite Belgium, then faces No. 13-ranked England on June 24 and Tunisia on June 28.
The players will return once their country is eliminated, presumably after group play. But it is doubtful they could return in time for the Quakes-Los Angeles Galaxy showdown June 30 at Stanford Stadium.
Now Stahre needs to address defensive issues without Cummings, a starting center back. It probably means central midfielder Florian Jungwirth will fill in on the backline with rookie Jimmy Ockford. They also could call upon Swiss central defender Francois Affolter or Uruguayan Yeferson Quintana, if healthy.
Stahre has more options in the midfield but Godoy's skillsets won't be easy to replace. The coach might consider pairing Jackson Yueill and Fatai Alashe if Jungwirth is moved to the backline.
9 Air director marketing & sales airline network Jianming Qiu and AirAsia Group president China & North Asia Kathleen Tan, speaking at CAPA LCCs in North Asia, agreed (13-Jun-2017) high levels of government regulation are the main restriction faced by low-cost carriers in China. Eastar Jet CEO Jong-gu Choi added CAAC has a big influence in the aviation market and most decisions are determined by CAAC.
Agency Wins Four New Clients and Adds New Creative and Strategy Talent
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - Full-service agency Rauxa today announced three new-business wins:
Keep America Beautiful : Rauxa has been named agency of record (AOR) for Keep America Beautiful (KAB), the nation's iconic community improvement nonprofit organization. Selected as KAB's social media AOR in 2016, the agency is now charged with designing and launching a new visual identity for the brand, creating a new public service initiative, developing a 65th anniversary campaign and continuing to enhance its social media presence. These projects will build on Rauxa's previous work to invigorate the business around the topic of recycling, and emphasize the strength of the sustainability movement, with KAB at the forefront.
: Rauxa has been named agency of record (AOR) for Keep America Beautiful (KAB), the nation's iconic community improvement nonprofit organization. Selected as KAB's social media AOR in 2016, the agency is now charged with designing and launching a new visual identity for the brand, creating a new public service initiative, developing a 65th anniversary campaign and continuing to enhance its social media presence. These projects will build on Rauxa's previous work to invigorate the business around the topic of recycling, and emphasize the strength of the sustainability movement, with KAB at the forefront. Frontpoint Security : The rapidly growing home security and smart home technology company has named Rauxa its AOR. The agency's scope of work includes brand development, strategic planning, digital transformation and CRM responsibilities, all to position Frontpoint as a category disruptor against competitors like ADT.
: The rapidly growing home security and smart home technology company has named Rauxa its AOR. The agency's scope of work includes brand development, strategic planning, digital transformation and CRM responsibilities, all to position Frontpoint as a category disruptor against competitors like ADT. Piedmont Healthcare: A private, nonprofit organization that serves nearly two million patients across the state of Georgia, Piedmont Healthcare has named Rauxa its direct response AOR. The agency's scope of work will also include strategic planning and digital responsibilities.
The combination of rapid wins signals Rauxa's continued momentum since its launch nearly two decades ago and adds to the agency's roster of clients, which includes TGI Fridays, Gap Inc., Vans, Verizon and Alaska Airlines.
"It's been an exciting year for us as we've grown into new industry verticals and geographic markets, and expanded our talented team of marketers," said Gina Alshuler, President & CEO of Rauxa. "Our clients have a lot to keep them up at night! They want to be meaningful to their consumer audiences, manage the overwhelming sea of data and create breakthrough technology-enabled experiences. Oh, and let's not forget, they need to drive business results, too. Rauxa builds a strategy and applies the critical components of data, tech and content to move their businesses forward."
In addition to these new-business wins, Rauxa also announced four senior-level hires:
Adan Romero : To better serve clients, Rauxa has restructured its creative department-with a flatter organization featuring three Executive Creative Directors at the helm. Adan joins Rauxa's two other ECDs, John Avery and George Singer, and will lead creative strategy and increase the department's capabilities in bringing forth innovative content that connects deeply with audiences. Prior to joining Rauxa, Adan was Vice President Group Creative Director at DigitasLBi North America for six years, where they led award-winning campaigns for American Express OPEN, among others.
: To better serve clients, Rauxa has restructured its creative department-with a flatter organization featuring three Executive Creative Directors at the helm. Adan joins Rauxa's two other ECDs, John Avery and George Singer, and will lead creative strategy and increase the department's capabilities in bringing forth innovative content that connects deeply with audiences. Prior to joining Rauxa, Adan was Vice President Group Creative Director at DigitasLBi North America for six years, where they led award-winning campaigns for American Express OPEN, among others. Lee Margolis : Lee comes to Rauxa via JWT, Hill Holliday, TBWA\Chiat\Day and, most recently, R/GA, where they worked on Samsung, E*TRADE and Verizon as ECD. In their new position as Creative Director, Lee will work closely with Adan Romero on new business while also helping grow the New York office.
: Lee comes to Rauxa via JWT, Hill Holliday, TBWA\Chiat\Day and, most recently, R/GA, where they worked on Samsung, E*TRADE and Verizon as ECD. In their new position as Creative Director, Lee will work closely with Adan Romero on new business while also helping grow the New York office. Georgia Galanoudis : Georgia joins Rauxa's expanding Strategy Department talent roster, supporting Chief Strategy Officer Ian Baer's team as VP of Strategic Planning during this period of exceptional growth. Prior to joining Rauxa's leadership team, Georgia built nearly 20 years of experience in strategic, content-centric marketing at both Meredith and Time Inc., and most recently served as Managing Director at WPP's Pace.
: Georgia joins Rauxa's expanding Strategy Department talent roster, supporting Chief Strategy Officer Ian Baer's team as VP of Strategic Planning during this period of exceptional growth. Prior to joining Rauxa's leadership team, Georgia built nearly 20 years of experience in strategic, content-centric marketing at both Meredith and Time Inc., and most recently served as Managing Director at WPP's Pace. Kevin O'Connor : Kevin joins the agency as Vice President, Strategic Partnerships East, based in Rauxa's New York office, where they will be responsible for fostering and managing new business opportunities that increase revenue and drive growth. Previously, Kevin directed business development for Tribal DDB.
: Kevin joins the agency as Vice President, Strategic Partnerships East, based in Rauxa's New York office, where they will be responsible for fostering and managing new business opportunities that increase revenue and drive growth. Previously, Kevin directed business development for Tribal DDB. Corinne Bellville: Corinne comes to Rauxa's new-business practice as Vice President, Strategic Partnerships West, and will be responsible for building relationships and visibility with clients on the West Coast. They will be based in the Los Angeles office, which is also home to Rauxa's branded content shop, Cats on the Roof. They have a strong entertainment background and has worked at SteelHouse and NBC Universal. Corinne will focus on developing digital marketing solutions for entertainment and CPG companies.
For more information on Rauxa and its work, visit www.rauxa.com.
About Rauxa
Makers of results, Rauxa applies data, technology, and content to create measurable impact at maximum speed for clients that include Gap Inc., TGI Fridays, and Verizon. The country's largest woman-owned independent advertising agency, Rauxa is powered by a team of more than 230 marketing professionals in seven locations across the country-defined by the distinction, "Head. Heart. Hustle." Find out more at www.rauxa.com.
In this Jan. 18, 2018 photo, U.S. Bank Stadium, home of the upcoming Super Bowl, is seen through the protective concrete and chain link fence, part of which was already covered with wrap, in Minneapolis where security is tight for the big NFL game. The downtown location of the Feb. 4 Super Bowl has presented some challenges for authorities, who have had to get creative as they carved a secure perimeter around businesses and a major hospital near U.S. Bank Stadium.
A city that's spawned a surprising number of terror suspects is hosting this year's Super Bowl, but local law enforcement officials say they're ready to protect Sunday's big game.
The Minneapolis-St. Paul area has been home to the third highest number of terror prosecutions in the U.S. since 9/11, behind only the much larger metropolitan regions of New York and Washington, NBC News reported.
Twelve Twin Cities residents have been charged with providing support to ISIS and 20 have been arrested for alleged support of the Somali terror group al Shabab in the past nine years. Between 2011 and 2014, 13 locals died fighting for al Shabab and ISIS, according to U.S intelligence officials.
ISIS has continually called for attacks on large-scale events and the possibility of someone hearing those calls is not lost on the FBI's Joe Rivers, who's in charge of terrorism investigations in Minneapolis.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Video
A former DEA Special Agent has told BBC Radio 5 live about the dramatic moment they came face to face with notorious Mexican drug lord "El Chapo" in 2014.
Speaking to Anna Foster, Andrew Hogan explained how they went undercover to catch Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman.
Can Huawei change the PC game?
Tech giant aims to be market leader in five years.
Huawei has continued its tradition of bold claims by stating it will be a market leader in the PC space by 2022.
Huawei consumer COO, Win Baio, said the Chinese tech giant will become the number one PC vendor globally in five years, after it released new devices including the MateBook X MateBook D and MateBook E.
This follows the company's challenger to the premium tablet market, the original MateBook, which it debuted at Mobile World Congress (MWC) in 2016.
The vendor is well-known for making brash statements about its products and business growth potential, claiming to have outsold Apple in the last quarter of 2016 - a claim which if true would make the vendor the second largest handset manufacturer globally.
In assessing Huawei's chances in the troublesome PC market, analyst firm, Technology Business Research, said the vendor has been monitoring the market for years and now believes the time is right for a strong push across the industry.
"Huawei will leverage the recent recovery and improved long-term prognosis of the global PC market to make an all-in push into PCs," TBR senior analyst Jack Narcotta said.
IT added that there are a number of factors which give the vendor a strong chance of making a considerable dent in the market share of leaders HP, Lenovo and Dell.
Huawei has nearly $19 billion in cash on hand, according to its 2016 annual report, which will no doubt allow the vendor to pump marketing and sales dollars into its PC push.
The vendor also now enjoys a huge global installation base with almost 140 million smartphones and over 670,000 x86 servers shipped in 2016, serving up a massive number of potential PC customers, especially across Asia Pacific (APAC) and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) regions.
However, this installs base may not necessarily impact the vendor in the US where the company has been hit with claims of espionage. Documents released by Edward Snowden in 2014 showed the NSA hacked into Huawei's servers in hopes of gaining info on government plans and of exploiting the company's products to spy on other foreign rivals.
However, Huawei operates and manages more than 40,000 retail outlets across 170 countries which gives it a point of presence in many markets, which will limit the vendor's reliance on retail partners in certain countries, particularly in APAC and EMEA.
In addition, its large operator and service provider customer bases create sales channels for devices, according to TBR.
However, getting key channel partners in different markets to take on the vendor's devices may be easier said than done due to the traditionally deep relationships which develop between device partners and vendors.
1 2 3 Next Page
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Wilcon, the premier West Coast provider of best-in-class fiber optic and data center infrastructure, announces today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Crown Castle International Corp.
"I am pleased to announce our agreement with Crown Castle," said Jon A. DeLuca, President and CEO of Wilcon. "Since 1998, Wilcon has provided innovative network infrastructure solutions and exemplary service to leading businesses throughout Southern California. We are excited to be part of Crown Castle and look forward to expanding our capabilities for our valued customers."
Pamlico Capital, a leading middle market private equity firm focused on growth oriented businesses, was the majority owner of Wilcon. "We have enjoyed partnering with Jon DeLuca and their team as they significantly increased the company's fiber footprint, completed a strategic acquisition, enhanced the company's value proposition to its customers, and successfully scaled the business over the last five years," said Scott Stevens, a Partner at Pamlico.
The Bank Street Group LLC served as exclusive financial advisor and Alston & Bird LLP served as legal counsel to Wilcon and Pamlico in connection with this transaction.
For more information, please visit www.wilcon.com.
About Wilcon
Wilcon is the premier West Coast provider of best-in-class fiber optic and data center infrastructure solutions helping to enable the digital future of its customers. As one of the largest fiber optic networks in Southern California, Wilcon offers vast reach and diverse routes connecting major data centers, enterprise locations and wireless communications sites, as well as the most dense fiber and interconnection infrastructure in downtown Los Angeles. Wilcon delivers in Southern California dark fiber and ultra-broadband optical services for businesses, wireless carriers and other communications service providers that ensure optimal performance for their mission-critical data traffic and applications. Wilcon also owns and operates leading data center and carrier-neutral colocation facilities in downtown Los Angeles, including its key hub at the One Wilshire.
For more information, please visit www.wilcon.com and follow Wilcon on Twitter and LinkedIn.
JOHNSTON, R.I. — An environmental group in southeastern Rhode Island is trying to break the world record for the most people simultaneously hugging trees. A member of the Rhode Island...
After more than nine months in office, President Trump finally has an Iran policy.
Before the opening of the UN General Assembly, Trump approved the long-awaited strategy to deal with Iran, according to administration officials. These officials tell me it will outline a new aggressive approach to countering Iranian threats all over the globe and endeavor to use the leverage of Trump's threats over the Iran nuclear deal, or Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, to spur US allies to begin to address its flaws.
Wednesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson hinted the new policy was coming: “The JCPOA represents only a small part of the issues we have to address with Iran.”
The centerpiece of Trump's Iran strategy will be the designation of Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps as a terrorist organization, placing it in the same category as al Qaeda and the Islamic State. Congress mandated this designation over the summer, but allowed Trump to waive the requirement. The designation would be significant.
The Revolutionary Guard controls a large portion of the state's economy. Iranian economist Bijan Khajehpour estimated the guard was responsible for 15 percent of Iran's gross domestic product.
The designation of the Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist organization could create problems for foreign companies seeking to invest in Iran. While the Treasury under President Barack Obama issued rules requiring private companies to do due diligence and avoid investment in the Revolutionary Guard, the rules were weakened in the final months of the administration. The new designation will make life harder for those companies.
“It's important because it means if you are doing business with Iran in key sectors of its economy, you run a significant risk you are doing business with a terrorist organization,” Mark Dubowitz, of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, told me this week.
The designation of the Revolutionary Guard is one element of what administration officials have described as a whole-government approach to pushing back against Iran's regional aggression.
This includes a new policy on countering Iran's threats to shipping lanes and particularly the threat of anti-ship missiles and the harassment of US Navy vessels. It will include a new emphasis on countering Iranian networks inside Latin America; Iran's development of ballistic missiles; Iranian human-rights violations; and support for terrorist groups and proxies in the Middle East.
Two US intelligence officials tell me an element that will not be publicized includes a ramping up of operations against the Revolutionary Guard and other Iranian proxies like Hezbollah. Already, CIA Director Mike Pompeo has approved new authorities for US intelligence officers to begin tracking and targeting Iranian agents abroad. These kinds of programs include psychological operations such as placing funds in secret accounts belonging to Iranian officers in order to create the impression such officers are working for foreign powers.
Obama wound many of these programs down in their second term, particularly after the formal negotiations over the Iran nuclear deal began. Pompeo is winding them back up, according to these officials. As The New York Times reported, Pompeo placed the CIA officer who led the hunt for Osama bin Laden in charge of the agency's Iran operations.
Despite the administration's crystallizing policy on Iran, US officials tell me there is still no formal plan on how to secure Syrian and Iraqi territory after the Islamic State is driven out. This is particularly important in Syria today as Iran's proxies and the Revolutionary Guard have already begun to take over some of these areas.
Dubowitz told me that for now they are assessing how comprehensive the new effort against Iran's Revolutionary Guard will be. “I'm looking for measures that will drain the Guard Corps' resources and have an economic impact on their funding of aggression abroad and patronage networks at home,” they said.
If Dubowitz gets their wish, it's likely the Iranians themselves will accuse Trump of violating the nuclear deal forged by their predecessor and threaten to pull out. Unlike Obama, Trump would probably consider that a favor.
© 2017, Bloomberg View
Announcement follows HPE's spin-off of Autonomy Digital Safe to Micro Focus
MILPITAS, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - ZL Technologies, Inc. (ZL), the leader in unified information governance and analytics for the large enterprise, today announced the release of specialized migration services for current users of Autonomy Digital Safe. The announcement follows Hewlett Packard Enterprise's spin-off merger of Autonomy Digital Safe, a component of its recent divestiture of "non-core" software assets.
In an industry as dynamic as information governance, changes in ownership can cause uncertainty whether a product will remain innovative and responsive to its customers' needs, or become stagnant and ultimately reach end-of-life. These concerns now leave Autonomy customers with a difficult decision to make as they look to the future of their information governance strategy. For these reasons, ZL is offering migration services to accommodate Autonomy Digital Safe customers looking for a new provider. ZL distinguishes its migration process by approaching it as a service rather than a tool. It achieves this by:
Maintaining 100 percent control of source code: ZL can provide complete customization for each unique customer environment, an essential component of its migration services.
ZL can provide complete customization for each unique customer environment, an essential component of its migration services. Offering customers unprecedented access: ZL provides customers with complete access to its full range of management functions such as legal hold, classification, deduplication, retention, and more.
ZL provides customers with complete access to its full range of management functions such as legal hold, classification, deduplication, retention, and more. Executing with accuracy: Migration is executed with at least 99.95 percent accuracy of data transfer, a guarantee facilitated through reporting and message-level tracking at every stage of the ZL migration process.
Migration is executed with at least 99.95 percent accuracy of data transfer, a guarantee facilitated through reporting and message-level tracking at every stage of the ZL migration process. Offering data cleanup through migration: All data and emails are processed by lexical filters at the point of ingestion, providing visibility into what data can be deleted and reducing data transfer and storage costs.
ZL is also offering ZL File Analysis and Management (ZL FAM) as part of its exclusive packaging for Autonomy users, allowing organizations to incorporate enterprise files into their governance initiatives. ZL FAM advances ZL Technologies' vision for comprehensive and singular governance of all enterprise data, including email, IM, files, SharePoint, and structured data, using metadata- and content-analysis, advanced sampling, and remediation capabilities.
"Our goal is to provide a comprehensive solution for enterprises to maintain complete control over their data," said Kon Leong, CEO and Co-Founder, ZL Technologies. "At ZL, we are committed to customer success and believe that managing data complexity across disparate data sources and silos is essential in today's rapidly changing landscape."
ZL has been a pillar in the information governance market for 17 years, earning distinction from the likes of KMWorld and the Stevie American Business Awards, and maintaining a perennial presence in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Information Archiving. ZL Unified Archive® eliminates data silos by providing customers with a single, scalable repository for all data, using a single code base and a single data schema.
ZL provides a complimentary consultation and customized environment assessment for current Autonomy customers. Sign up here for more information.
About ZL Technologies, Inc.
ZL Technologies makes Unified Archive® software (ZL UA) to enable large enterprises to manage all unstructured content such as email, files, and instant messages to satisfy corporate needs for eDiscovery, records management, regulatory compliance, information governance, and storage management. By providing singular and comprehensive data management architecture, it also enables business content to be leveraged proactively for analytics and competitive advantage, via ZL Enterprise Analytics™ (ZL EA). ZL UA's unique differentiator is its unified architecture, which consolidates all applications and billions of documents under one platform, thus eliminating today's fractured data silos which significantly raise operating costs, increase legal risk, and derail effective Big Data analytics initiatives. Demonstrating a proven track record with Global 500 customers, ZL has emerged as the technology leader in harnessing unstructured "Big Data" for strategic advantage. For more information, please visit www.zlti.com.
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, VA (WRIC) — A Chesterfield family recently opened their door to find a scene from a horror film. There was blood covering the walls and floors of their home.
The family said there have been several break-ins recently in the Ashbrooke neighborhood where they live. The family came home Thursday night to find they too had been the victim of a break in. They say thanks to a family pet, the would-be robber got away with nothing. In fact, they were lucky to get away with their life.
“We didn't see anything wrong anything at the front door,” said Tristan Murrin, the person who was first to find the gruesome scene.
But once they were greeted by their family dog, they knew something was very wrong.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” said Murrin.
The entire upstairs covered in blood. Someone had broken in not knowing the family's guard dog was inside, that intruder quickly realized they picked the wrong home.
“My dog, he's a pretty big dog, it's a larger German shepherd,” said Murrin.
Murrin says their dog has never been aggressive before, in fact, home videos show the same dog laying down and playing with a young child.
“He plays with the kids, the cul-de-sac knows him. They know them as big dog, the community loves him, the kids come up to them and want to touch them and play with him,” said Murrin.
Murrin says nothing was stolen, and that they are thankful their dog was not hurt, but also happy that the dog stood their ground.
“I think the dog did its job. They knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and they know that they aren't supposed to be in there and they were doing something that they aren't supposed to be doing and so they knew to act upon it,” said Murrin.
The family suspects the intruder needed serious medical attention due to the loss of blood that was seen in the home. They are hoping by sharing their story the person will be caught.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Welcome to the Dew Sweeper's PGA Championship rundown, your one-stop shop to catch up on the weekend action from the golf world. From the professional tours, trending news, social media headlines and upcoming events, here's every golf-related thing you need to know for the morning of August 14.
Thomas captures PGA
Through three days -- and frankly, most of Sunday -- the 2017 PGA Championship lacked the pizzazz displayed by its major brethren this season. Luckily, the same could not be said for the final three hours, as Justin Thomas' sterling charge broke away from a crowded pack for a resounding victory at Quail Hollow.
Thomas, who began their day two back of Kevin Kisner, had a handful of "How'd they do that?" birdies: a 36-foot drain on the ninth, an eight-footer than sat on the cup's edge for seemingly an eternity before dropping, a chip from 40 feet on the 13th. But what sealed the deal for the Louisville native was beautiful, bold 7-iron on the 223-yard par-3 17th, sticking it to 15 feet. When the roars went up after the ball went down, there was no doubting who was walking away with the Wanamaker Trophy.
The 24-year-old is the fourth youngest PGA winner in the Masters era behind Rory McIlroy, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods. Thomas, with four wins on the season, is now the frontrunner for Player of the Year honors as the tour heads into its postseason stretch.
Pinterest Streeter Lecka
Reed feels like first loser after runner-up finish
PGA Tour players are not fond of consolation prizes, especially at majors. A sentiment echoed by Patrick Reed multiple times after the Ryder Cup star finished tied with Francesco Molinari and Louis Oosthuizen (who now as finished second at every major) for runner-up honors at Quail Hollow.
“I couldn't care less if I finished second or 50th. I play to win,” Reed said after firing a four-under 67 on Sunday. “All I feel is that I could have done more. I just feel frustration.”
While the hurt was raw in the moment, there were silver linings to be had for Reed. It was their first top-10 standing in a major in 16 tries and, after a rough start to 2017, is now ninth in Presidents Cup rankings. That's something to be appreciated, right?
“That's great, but at the end of the day, of course I want to make the team and I want to make the team on my number. I don't want to have to try to rely on a pick,” they said.
Oh. Well, perhaps down the road Reed will value this week for what it was: a success. Maybe. (Probably not.)
Poulter's rules run-in
What would a major championship be sans rules controversy? During their final round at Quail Hollow, Ian Poulter sailed their tee shot on the short par-4 eighth into the woods, an area marked as a lateral hazard. However, following five minutes of search, the Englishman was unable to locate their ball. Because the ball was not found, an official suggested, since it was lost, the 41-year-old head back to the tee instead of playing the penalty under the lateral parameters. News not taken kindly by Poulter:
As you can hear, Poulter was indignant over the initial ruling. However, cameras were able to determine the shot did go into the hazard, and moments later, their original ball was found. But, because it was after the designated time allotted, Poulter was forced to play their shot under the pretenses it had disappeared in the hazard.
In Poulter's defense, the initial suggestion was a tad absurd. Then again, perhaps the official was cognizant of the tournament's (to that point) monotonous tones, and decided to inject some fire into the proceedings. In that light, well done, sir.
Rahm's incredible, if unnecessary, shot
The PGA -- and to a large scale, the 2017 major season -- was a mixed bag for Jon Rahm. But while their scores left much to be desired, they at least ended their Quail Hollow trip in style with this backhanded shot on the difficult 18th:
Was this unnecessary? Absolutely: the man could have pitched it closer if they have taken a normal stance, but -- as it was the final hole and Rahm was well outside the top 50 -- apparently getting wet for an up-and-down conversion wasn't worth it. And thank goodness for that. Not only would we be deprived of such a highlight, we're now aware that Rahm could beat us in a short-game contest backhanded. The more you know.
Pinterest Icon Sportswire
Rory done for '17?
After Saturday's round, Rory McIlroy alluded to the fact they were far from 100 percent, their rib alignment suffered in winter still causing vexation. To what extent remained ambiguous; after all, the injury didn't seem to be hampering the four-time major winner on their 365-yard drives. Conversely, anyone who's suffered a similar issue knows it's not a pain that subsides within a few months.
Following Sunday's outing, McIlroy was candid about their health, stating they could be done for the rest of the season.
“I don't know,” said McIlroy, who asked about defending their FedEx Cup title. “I feel a sense of not duty, but I've missed a lot of time already. If I'm capable of playing, I feel like why shouldn't you. But then at the same time, if you are not capable of playing at your best, why should you play?
“I don't know what I'm going to do. You might not see me until next year. You might see me in a couple of weeks' time.”
While the tour's postseason has grown in stature, let's be clear: a player of McIlroy's stature is only judged by their major feats. More importantly, getting to full strength for the Masters -- that elusive tournament McIlroy needs to complete the career Grand Slam -- should be their first and only priority.
Their absence will be felt should they call it a campaign. But, in the long run, golf will be better off for it.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Dawn Patrol: Driver rescued after car goes into Fox River
hello
The Blackhawks' Marian Hossa skates to the bench as the Predators celebrate an overtime win in Game 3 of their playoff series Monday night in Nashville. Associated Press
Blackhawks lose Game 3 to Predators in OT
Twenty minutes. That's all that stood between the Blackhawks and a potential series-turning victory Monday, but a pair of Filip Forsberg goals in the third period erased a 2-0 lead, and Kevin Fiala gave Nashville a 3-2 Game 3 overtime victory to put the Hawks on the verge of a stunning first-round exit. Read beat writer John Dietz's take here.
- Steve Lundy | Staff Photographer Schaumburg police search sewers Monday after a woman's strangulation over the weekend in an apartment on Clipper Drive.
Schaumburg police are investigating the strangulation of a 33-year-old woman whose body was discovered in their Clipper Drive apartment Sunday after a request for a well-being check. Tiffany Thrasher is believed to have died sometime between 8 p.m. Saturday and 11:45 a.m. Sunday, police said. Full story.
Driver rescued after car goes into Fox River
Firefighters rescued the driver of a car that went into the Fox River last night in St. Charles, fire officials said. The vehicle went in at about 9:30 p.m. in Pottawatomie Park just north of the miniature golf course, St. Charles fire officials said. Full story.
Caregiver charged with stealing from Barrington woman
A Wauconda woman is facing multiple felony charges alleging they stole from a Barrington senior they were hired to care for, police said yesterday. Vanessa Bahena, 23, is charged with two counts of aggravated identity theft and one count of unlawful use of a credit card. Full story.
Former Aurora pharmacy manager sues Walgreens, claims discrimination
A former pharmacy manager for an Aurora Walgreens has sued the company, claiming discrimination and alleging they were fired in 2015 on false charges they hired only Spanish-speaking technicians. Kirk Heil seeks more than $300,000 in back pay, lost wages, attorney fees and damages from the Deerfield-based Walgreens, according to the lawsuit filed in Kane County in early April. Full story.
Police said motorcyclist killed in crash was speeding
Batavia police have identified the man killed Saturday in a motorcycle crash that happened after police tried to pull over the driver on a charge of speeding. The driver was Joseph G. Graves, 31, of Batavia. Full story.
Weather
Mostly clear and 46 degrees this morning. Highs around 71 this afternoon, with lows tonight near 58. Full story.
Traffic
Traffic is running wide open early this morning. Intersection work is causing restrictions on westbound Dundee Road and northbound McHenry Road in Wheeling. Full traffic.
Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey looks at the scoreboard after giving up two runs in the first inning of Monday's home loss to Milwaukee. - Associated Press
Anthony Rizzo had a two-word answer to questions about the "slow start" the Cubs are off to in 2017. "It's baseball," the first baseman said before last night's 6-3 loss to the Milwaukee Brewers at Wrigley Field. Read beat writer Bruce Miles' take here.
Bulls have reason to feel good about chances in Game 2
The Bulls seemed to be in a good mood at yesterday's practice in downtown Boston, a day after winning the series opener 106-102. The challenge is not to feel satisfied with a single victory. Game 2 is tonight at TD Garden. Read beat writer Mike McGraw's take here.
Associated PressWhite Sox starting pitcher Derek Holland suffered their second loss of the season Monday night, a 7-4 decision at Yankee Stadium in New York. -
The Yankees jumped out to a 7-0 lead over the Sox on Monday night in New York and held on for a 7-4 win. Read beat writer Scot Gregor's take here.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — The start of a new year brings about healthier resolutions, one of which dentists say should be paying attention to your teeth.
Aisling Bier wants to keep their teeth in good shape but a few months ago their dentist told them they had a bad habit to break.
“She noticed my teeth were taking some abuse because I was grinding,” said Bier.
Dr. Dominque Lizzio said grinding and clenching your teeth is a bad habit many people should try to break.
“A lot of Americans do it. It's usually related to stress and anxiety that they have. Their teeth are worn down and the enamel starts to chip. Fillings start to break,” said Lizzio.
Biting your nails is another habit to give up. It can chip the edges of your teeth.
“It also makes your jaw end in a protruded position for an extended period of time which can put stress on the jaw joint and the muscles that hold your jaw,” said Lizzio.
Some other dental resolutions to make this year are to stop chewing ice and using your teeth as tools.
The best habit for your teeth is to brush twice a day for two minutes but dentists caution don't brush too hard. That can damage the enamel of your teeth and gums.
“I always tell patients brush longer not harder,” said Lizzio.
Bier is also trying to break that habit.
“I've' been told I'm an overzealous brusher. I have gone from the manual toothbrush to the electric toothbrush so it self-corrects for me,” said Bier.
She's also wearing a mouth guard at night to keep them from grinding them teeth.
Dentists say another habit to break for both your dental health and your overall health is to stop snacking all day long, especially on sugary foods and drinks. Dentists say it can increase the chances of cavities.
LOS ANGELES — Joseph Bologna, an actor, writer, and director known for their role in 1982's "My Favorite Year" and for their long collaboration on stage and screen with wife Renee Taylor, has died after a three-year battle with pancreatic cancer. They were 82.
Bologna died Sunday morning at City of Hope in Duarte, Calif. Just last month, Bologna attended a 35th anniversary screening of "My Favorite Year" in Los Angeles. Bologna played the explosive TV star King Kaiser in the backstage comedy inspired by Mel Brooks' experiences as a young TV writer on Sid Caesar's legendary "Your Show of Shows."
Renee Taylor and Joseph Bologna attend the "Actor's Fund Benefit" on Sept, 12, 1987 in Beverly Hills, California. Ron Galella, Ltd. / WireImage
Taylor said Bologna had "a beautiful life and a beautiful death." Bologna died just two days after the couple celebrated their 52nd wedding anniversary.
Bologna and Taylor co-wrote and starred in the Broadway show "Lovers and Others Strangers" in 1968. The pair then earned Oscar nominations for their screenplay adaptation for the 1970 film starring Gig Young and Bea Arthur. Taylor and Bologna also won a Writers Guild Award for their 1971 movie "Made For Each Other," in which they also starred.
In all, the couple co-wrote some 22 plays and collaborated on numerous film and TV projects, including the Marlo Thomas TV special "Acts of Love and Other Comedies," and such series as CBS' "Calucci's Department," HBO's "Bedrooms," and PBS' "American Dream Machine."
Bologna and Taylor were introduced by their mutual manager, Buddy Allen. The couple's wedding was held on the stage of "The Merv Griffin Show" and featured on the talk show. Taylor noted that they renewed their vows five times over their half-century together, each time in a different religious ceremony.
Joseph Bologna attends the 23rd annual "Night Of 100 Stars" black tie dinner viewing gala on Feb. 24, 2013 in Beverly Hills, California. Tommaso Boddi / WireImage
A native of Brooklyn, Bologna grew up in a working-class Italian-American family and went on to serve in the Marine Corps. They then entered the advertising business in the "Mad Men" era. They directed numerous commercials before turning their focus to the stage with Taylor.
Bologna's other film credits include 1976's "Woman of the Year," 1984's "Blame It on Rio" and "The Woman in Red," 1985's "Transylvania 6-5000," and 1989's "It Had to Be You." More recently, they lent their voice to 2006's "Ice Age: The Meltdown."
Bologna also logged dozens of TV credits over the years, from telepics to sitcoms to dramas. Among the notable made-fors were the 1986 miniseries "Sins" and 1983's "One Cooks, the Other Doesn't." Bologna appeared opposite future "Friends" star Matt LeBlanc in the 1991 "Married With Children" spinoff "Top of the Heap" and also in the 1987-88 dramedy "Rags to Riches." Their last TV roles included guest shots on "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," "According to Jim," and "Everwood."
Bologna's final project was the upcoming film "Tango Shalom," a comedy directed by their son, Gabriel. The elder Bologna co-wrote the screenplay with Claudio and Jos Laniado and stars alongside Taylor. The couple's daughter, Zizi, served as music supervisor.
The family has said that funeral services are being arranged at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
Watch Santa Claus (Kenan Thompson) and their elf (Kate McKinnon) field some uncomfortable Christmas present requests.
“Saturday Night Live” again tackled sexual harassment with a skit involving a department store Santa.
Remember those movies made for TV from the nineties about futuristic homes taken over by technology? It turns out they weren't that far off, only without the melodramatic endings. Advancements in technology continue to impact all areas of our lives—particularly in the home.
Clear the air
Ever wondered why high-end retail stores always smell so good? Air Aroma has built their successful brand around scent marketing, developing unique scents for some of the biggest names in luxury retail. Through cold-air technology, Air Aroma also offers a collection of scent diffusers for the home, ranging from sleek and discrete to serious systems that attach to your HVAC for out-of-sight-out-of-mind scent disbursement. From $349, AirAroma.com
Pet tech
Petcube is here to satisfy our curiosities about just what it is our pets are up to when we're not home. Petcube's clever collection of interactive cameras pair with cell phones and computers to let us peek in on and even talk to our pets anywhere, anytime. $199, PetCube.com
Tech that cooks
Robot chefs are still in the works but today's technology can ensure dinner's ready by the time you get home with Crock-Pot's WiFi-enabled slow cooker. Throw everything in the pot in the morning and monitor its progress and adjust cook time and temperature throughout the day through the WeMo application on your cell phone. $129, Amazon.com
Remote plugs
Halfway to work and realized you left the coffee pot on again? Ease your anxiety with the iHome Control Smart Plug, which connects to the WiFi in your home and allows you to remotely control your electrical plugs from anywhere. $30, Amazon.com
Tech that locks it up
Stop searching for your keys and upgrade your front door's lock to the Kwikset Electronic Deadbolt with Home Connect Technology, which communicates wirelessly with security and home automation systems. Your door can be locked and unlocked remotely and customized to automatically lock itself after a length of time. You can even re-key it yourself. Approximately $200, Amazon.com
Hubs that aren't hideous
Technology has finally fused with design to offer a WiFi router that isn't so cumbersome and unsightly we're forced to stuff it away in a closet. Samsung's SmartThings Hub is as pleasing to the eye as it is effective in connecting wirelessly with a wide range of smart devices to make them run better and more compatibly.
For fans who couldn't make the trip to Winnipeg, the D hotel in downtown Las Vegas hosted the official watch party for Game 1 of the Western Conference Finals.
Although it's not the outcome fans wanted, they knew the Jets would be a tough team to beat.
[RELATED: Jets jump on Golden Knights early, open series with 4-2 win]
“Especially in the playoffs, it's 50-50 the whole way now,” Jeremy Alms said.
They still have a lot of faith in their Golden Knights.
“Marc-Andre Fleury is holding their own and all the boys are doing what they have to on the ice,” one fan said. “We're going to win. We're going to bring home that cup,” another fan said.
While thousands cheered on the Knights from downtown Las Vegas, there's at least one Knights fan in Winnipeg.
“All day I've been booed for my jersey and my cap,” 9-year-old Keeli said. They posted a video on Twitter and fans in Las Vegas are embracing them
“They've truly taken them in as one of their own,” their mom Rachel Brown said. “They're saying, 'don't give up.' There are retweets and encouraging words.”
Even Chance the mascot reached out to send Keeli some team gear.
And she's not the only fan gaining attention on social media.
Bark-Andre Furry, a pup named after Fleury, got to meet the goalie at practice.
[RELATED: Golden Knights fan Bark-Andre Furry captivates hearts on and off the ice]
Have you ever seen the VGK flamingo? He's normally tossed on the ice after a victory. The plastic bird has been turned into a stuffed animal, sold at Knights games. Now that this rivalry has crossed the border, hockey fans across the country are taking sides.
“Everyone loves Vegas and this is North America's team right here: the Vegas Golden Knights!” the D owner Derek Stevens said.
Fans wanted to make sure the knights could hear their love, more than 1,600 miles away.
The D will host a watch party for every Knights game, home or away.
The official watch party for Game 2 on Monday will be at Red Rock Resort.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust ("RioCan") (TSX:REI.UN) today announced a distribution of 11.75 cents per unit for the month of February. The distribution will be payable on March 7, 2017 to unitholders of record as at February 28, 2017.
About RioCan
RioCan is Canada's largest real estate investment trust with a total enterprise value of approximately $15 billion as at September 30, 2016. RioCan owns and manages Canada's largest portfolio of shopping centres with ownership interests in a portfolio of 301 Canadian retail and mixed use properties, including 15 properties under development, containing an aggregate net leasable area of 47 million square feet. For further information, please refer to RioCan's
website at www.riocan.com.
Devoleena Bhattacharjee, who rose to fame with their role Gopi Bahu from Saath Nibhana Saathiya, had recently made an announcement regarding their first album.
The actor wrote, "When devotion took shelter in music, the world got a new reason to croon their glory. I joyously present to you a rendition celebrating their glory. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #Onboardfilms #Musicisdevotion😊🙏🏻😇."
Today (August 14), on the occasion Krishna Janmastami, the actor released the album that is dedicated to their Kanhaji (Lord Krishna). It has to be recalled that the actor was a devotee of Lord Krishna, on the show as well!
Sharing the video and the YouTube link of the song, Devoleena wrote, "On this auspicious day of janmasthmi i am releasing my first album dedicated to my kanhaji."
They further wrote, "Need all your love and support as always for my new journey . First association of Sarthak films entertainment with @onboardfilms many more to come. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #krishan #kanha #DevoleenaBhattacharjee #devotion #spiritual #loveindonesia."
Devoleena's industry friends and their fans have been congratulating them and praising the song.
The actor has already impressed the fans with their acting skills; will they build a fan base as a singer?
Did you like the song? Hit the comment box to share your views...
Brent crude, the global benchmark, rallied on Tuesday to another 2½-year high as news of a major North Sea oil pipeline shutdown continued to resonate in the market.
February Brent LCOG8, +0.90% climbed 78 cents, or 1.1%, to $65.47 a barrel, touching levels not seen since mid-2015. Brent logged its highest settlement in more than two years on Monday as news of that pipeline closure surfaced. West Texas Intermediate crude, the U.S. benchmark, added 46 cents, or 0.8%, to $58.45 a barrel, after settling on Monday at more than a one-week high.
Multinational chemicals group Ineos Ltd. said Monday that its Forties Pipeline System (FPS) would be closed for a “matter of weeks” after a hairline fracture discovered last week grew. The FPS system carries North Sea crude across land for processing at a major Scottish refinery. The pipeline connects 85 fields to the British mainland, according to media reports.
The shutdown has “put oil bulls on alert because no one is quite sure how long the closure is going to last, with a spokesperson for operator Ineos saying it could take ‘several weeks,'” said Fawad Razaqzada, market analyst at Forex.com, in a note to clients. A key concern is that while there is plenty of oil in storage tanks, it may not stretch to meet demand if that repair stretches on, they added.
The fresh surge in Brent prices has helped increased the divergence between WTI and Brent. Razaqzada said the price difference is also down to expectations about U.S. oil supplies, which many expect to keep growing as shale producers try to win more global market share.
Among other energy contracts, on Nymex, prices for January gasoline RBF8, +1.09% rose 1.1% to $1.75 a gallon. January heating oil HOF8, +0.89% added 1% to $1.97 a gallon. January natural gas NGF18, +0.32% was up 0.4% to $2.84 per million British thermal units.
Pablo Ayodeji, the man who trended because the money they spent on a date was returned has threatened to kill any woman who receives their affection and money but fails to acknowledge their love.
The tweet like the #keepthechangebae quickly attracted commentators to their timeline. However, after some time, Pablo deleted the tweet saying it was a mere joke.
See their tweet below.
KELOWNA, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Lexaria Bioscience Corp ( OTCQB : LXRP) ( CSE : LXX) (the "Company", "Lexaria") welcomes the newly proposed Canadian legislation designed to allow for adult legal access to Cannabis (the "Cannabis Act"). In line with the Cannabis Act's objective to protect public health and public safety, powerful demographic and lifestyle forces are trending away from both the harmful effects related to inhalational dosing (smoking/vaping) and from edibles with high sugar & fat content.
The Cannabis Act provides the opportunity for Canada to craft the safest and most responsible cannabis production and consumption framework in the world, especially with respect to consistent and reliable dosing formats that technology such as Lexaria's enables in modern edible formats. The Cannabis Act prohibits second hand smoke and second hand vapours from inhaled cannabis use, consistent with existing federal legislation that prohibits second hand cigarette smoke. It is also in everyone's best interest to support the consumer shift away from the high sugar, high fat, inconsistent and unpredictable effectiveness and onset-times associated with edible product formats endemic in other adult-use cannabis markets.
Lexaria's patented technology -- currently subject to collaborative examination together with Canada's National Research Council -- is strongly supportive of macro trends by embracing edible cannabis formats with zero added sugar, and lower micro-dosage unit sizes. Micro dosing of 10mg and even as little as 5mg of THC is rapidly gaining popularity in other legal cannabis jurisdictions that mandate micro dosing edible formats as a more responsible way of consuming cannabis, without creating issues of second hand smoke or second hand vapour for non-consumers. Micro dosing tends to lead to lower overall levels of consumption with reduced likelihood of overconsumption.
"Modern technology allows for safer, more consistent and less obtrusive methods of cannabis use than ever before," says Chris Bunka, CEO of Lexaria. "We have a once in a lifetime opportunity to support consumer health trends in the cannabis world through advanced delivery techniques unlike anything available even five years ago. I hope to see Canada lead the world in embracing public health in the cannabis sector."
While utilizing Lexaria's technology, both in vitro and human biomarker studies point to significantly higher cannabinoid absorption and quicker & and more consistent onset of effects than can be achieved with conventional edible preparations. Further consumer focus studies conducted by Lexaria licensees have reported a more pleasurable, faster acting and predictable experience.
Through a patented process that combines cannabinoids with natural delivery enhancers at a molecular level, Lexaria's technology is believed to alter the absorption pathway of cannabinoids within the human body (designed to bypass first-pass liver filtration when desired for more rapid onset of effectiveness). More efficient and effective absorption of cannabinoids has been shown, while simultaneously masking and even eliminating inherent strong flavours and odors typical of cannabis extracts, avoiding the need for added sugar and fat. Lexaria's technology was conceived to allow for the creation of edible product formats that mirror as closely as possible the potency and onset of effectiveness associated with inhalational dosing without its unwanted effects. Lexaria is thrilled to have the opportunity to lead advancements in bio-availability and speed & predictability of onset for health-conscious consumers.
About Lexaria
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. is a food biosciences company with a proprietary technology for improved delivery of bioactive compounds. The Company's lipophilic enhancement technology has been shown to enhance the bioavailability of orally ingested cannabinoids, while also masking taste. This technology promotes healthy ingestion methods, lower overall dosing and higher effectiveness in active molecule delivery. The Company's technology is patent-protected for cannabidiol (CBD) and all other non-psychoactive cannabinoids, and patent-pending for Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), other psychoactive cannabinoids, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), nicotine and other molecules.
www.lexariabioscience.com
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This release includes forward-looking statements. Statements which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. The Company makes forward-looking public statements concerning its expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, including statements that include words such as "anticipate," "if," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "could," "should," "will," and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are estimates reflecting the Company's best judgment based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that other factors will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by the Company include, but are not limited to, government regulation, managing and maintaining growth, the effect of adverse publicity, litigation, competition, the patent application and approval process and other factors which may be identified from time to time in the Company's public announcements and filings. There is no assurance that existing capital is sufficient for the Company's needs or that it will be able to raise additional capital. There is no assurance that Lexaria will successfully complete any other contemplated or existing technology license agreements, nor that Lexaria's technology will deliver any improvement in taste or bioavailability with any reliability nor across any product category. There is no assurance that any planned corporate activity, business venture, or initiative will be pursued, or if pursued, will be successful. There is no assurance that any hemp oil or cannabinoid-based product will promote, assist, or maintain any beneficial human health conditions whatsoever, nor that any patent application in the USA or any other nation or under any treaty will result in the award of an actual patent; nor that an award of any actual patent will protect against challenges from unknown third parties. There is no assurance that any of Lexaria's postulated uses, benefits, or advantages for the patent-pending technology will in fact be realized in any manner or in any part. No statement herein has been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)or by Health Canada. Lexaria products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
The CSE has not reviewed and does not accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Broadway actor Betty Buckley back in NYC Buckley has been living in their home state on a 35-acre ranch with their four dogs, two cats, three horses and an African gray parrot.
Betty Buckley's stalker appears at Sag Harbor performance “The woman showed up and was dealt with immediately by police, who had been forewarned,” a source says.
You have to see this singer impersonate Broadway's divas Whenever I'm in need of a laugh, I read my old columns — or watch Carly Sakolove's “Send in the Clowns” video. Who, you might be wondering? A few years...
Hamptons police on lookout for woman stalking Broadway star We're told the female stalker has sent Buckley inappropriate letters and gifts.
Betty Buckley's scary horse fall The actor, who turns 68 on Friday, broke five vertebrae in a horse-riding accident.
Dick Van Patten's TV wife remembers the beloved actor Editor's note: Dick Van Patten died this week at age 86. A beloved actor onstage as well as on screens big and small, they starred in TV's “Eight Is Enough”...
In My Library: Betty Buckley How many times has they sung “Memory”? Betty Buckley, the original Grizabella of “Cats,” forgets to count. “People say it's my signature song,” they say. “I feel blessed to even...
Betty Buckley's 5 best songs of all time Of all the Broadway divas, my favorite — and my good friend — is Betty Buckley. They won a Tony singing “Memory” in “Cats,” and they broke my heart as...
Leading ladies vie for Woody Allen's ‘Bullets Over Broadway' Name your favorite diva, and it's a good bet she's gone after the plum role of the season: Helen Sinclair, the boozing leading lady of Woody Allen's “Bullets Over Broadway.”...
Watch some of the best moments from France's Gael Monfils as they beat Paolo Lorenzi in the second round at Wimbledon 2018.
WATCH MORE: Monfils' incredible behind-the-back trick shot
Available to UK users only.
U.S. homebuilding fell in March as the construction of single-family homes in the Midwest recorded its biggest decline in three years, likely reflecting bad weather.
Continue Reading Below
Housing starts declined 6.8 percent to a seasonally
adjusted annual rate of 1.22 million units, the Commerce
Department said on Tuesday. February's starts were revised up to a 1.30 million-unit pace from the previously reported 1.29 million-rate.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast groundbreaking
activity falling to a 1.25 million-unit pace last month. Homebuilding was up 9.2 percent compared to March 2016.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Construction in February was boosted by unseasonably warm temperatures. But temperatures dropped in March and a storm lashed the Northeast and Midwest regions, which could have accounted for the drop last month in homebuilding.
Single-family homebuilding, which accounts for the largest share of the residential housing market, fell 6.2 percent to a 821,000 unit-pace last month. Single-family starts in the Midwest declined 35 percent, the largest drop since January 2014, to their lowest level since August 2015.
Single-family starts in the Northeast were unchanged. They rose 3.2 percent in the South, but fell 5.5 percent in the West.
Last month, starts for the volatile multi-family housing segment dropped 7.9 percent to a 394,000 unit-pace.
Pointing to underlying strength in the housing market, building permits increased 3.6 percent, driven by a 13.8 percent surge in the multi-family segment.
While single-family permits fell 1.1 percent, they were not too far from the more than nine-year high reached in February.
A tightening labor market, which is generating steady wage growth is underpinning the housing market. The sector, however, remains constrained by a dearth of properties available for sale.
Builders have, however, failed to bridge the gap, citing a range of problems including shortages of labor and land as well as rising material prices. A survey on Monday showed homebuilders confidence slipped in April from a near 12-year high in March. Still, measures of current sales and sales expectations remained at lofty levels.
(Reporting By Lucia Mutikani)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CBS Local — A new study says that young, college-aged adults who regularly consumed energy drinks were at a higher risk of abusing other substances later in life. Researchers at the University of Maryland found that 21-year-olds who drank highly-caffeinated energy beverages had an increased chance of abusing alcohol or other non-prescribed stimulants by age 25.
The study followed nearly 1,100 college students over a five-year period and tracked their continued use of energy drinks. Over half of the students were found to have kept up their high energy drink usage over the course of the study. That group's “persistent trajectory” reportedly lined up with those typically at risk for abusing cocaine or suffering from an alcohol use disorder, according to the findings.
Lead researcher Dr. Amelia Arria says the study gives scientists greater proof energy drinks could be a gateway drug.
“Because of the longitudinal design of this study, and the fact that we were able to take into account other factors that would be related to risk for substance use, this study provides evidence of a specific contribution of energy drink consumption to subsequent substance use,” Dr. Arria added.
The researchers suggest more studies need to be done on teens and children to see if the addictive pattern is the same.
“Future studies should focus on younger people, because we know that they too are regularly consuming energy drinks,” Dr. Arria suggests.
Thanks to a dinger from Jay Bruce, the Cleveland Indians have a 1-0 lead in their ALDS against the New York Yankees.
The Indians' Twitter account used the moment they hit that fourth-inning home run to remind the world that the acquisition of Bruce happened thanks to a smart front office and …
Jay Bruce is on our team because our owner wrote a check that competitors for Jay wouldn't. pic.twitter.com/nIIff4RMcZ — AL Central champs! (@Indians) October 6, 2017
Hmmm. “Competitors for Jay,” eh? Which competitors for Bruce's services wouldn't write a check for the slugger?
Here's a report from the New York Post in August:
After being mostly shunned at the non-waiver deadline, Jay Bruce was pursued by two AL teams with playoff aspirations and more. The Yankees were not only one of those teams, they had agreed to send the two prospects requested by the Mets in exchange for the Mets eating a piece of the roughly $5 million Bruce was owed the rest of the season … It was the Indians who ultimately landed Bruce, with a source saying the Yankees never got a chance to bid again.
Perhaps it was because Cleveland was willing to assume all the money that Bruce was owed.
Maybe that was revenge for the Yankees' tweet that reminded the world that LeBron James once rooted for the Pinstripes.
A car with diplomatic license plates drives out of a compound near Glen Cove, N.Y., on Long Island on Friday, Dec. 30, 2016. Russia maintains this and another weekend retreat for its United Nations diplomats about an hour's drive outside New York City — each in one of Long Island's old Gold Coast mansions. U.S. officials didn't clarify which of the two countryside compounds would be closed.
The 35 Russian diplomats whom the Obama administration ordered out of the country in retaliation for alleged hacking of the U.S. presidential election have left the country, a State Department official told NBC News on Sunday.
The diplomats' families went with them, said the official, who said any other details would have to come from Moscow. Russian news agencies quoted Russia's embassy as confirming the news, Reuters reported.
President Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of the diplomats on Thursday and imposed sanctions on two suspected hackers and three companies that allegedly provided support to cyber operations by Russia's GRU intelligence service.
The CIA has concluded that the interference was intended to help Donald Trump win the election, and NBC News has reported that intelligence officials believe "with a high level of confidence" that Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally involved in the covert campaign.
Turkey Nightclub Attack Kills 39 on New Year's Eve
Thirty-nine people were killed in an attack when a gunman opened fire on New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub on Jan. 1, 2017. Reports said the assailant was dressed in a Santa Claus costume. (Published Sunday, Dec. 1, 2017)
If you're flummoxed by the current political landscape — one that sees self-proclaimed socialist Bernie Sanders and Spy-proclaimed short-fingered vulgarian Donald Trump at or near the top of polls in...
General Motors boss Barra to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Road work will shut down lanes on SR 1 near Milton and Nassau starting this week. Hot mix paving on SR 1 in both directions between Paynter and Cave Neck Roads near Broadkill River and Red Mill Pond will start tomorrow, Tuesday, April 18 and will run through Friday, May 5, pending weather. Work will be done 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. Monday through Friday each week. Daytime lane closures will be in effect, as construction crews will be working close to the roads.
Data reveals increase in online retail and travel purchases in the lead up to Ramadan
Criteo reveals online consumer shopping habits in Southeast Asia during festive period in 2016.
There was an increase in online sales and website traffic in Southeast Asia (SEA) region leading up to and during Ramadan in 2016 but it declined during Eid el-Fitr, the religious holiday that marks the end of Ramadan, according to the latest data by Criteo.
The company suggests the data portend increased online shopping opportunities for merchants in the upcoming festive period for 2017.
The data from the performance marketing technology company also showed that three weeks before and the third week of Ramadan is the best time for retailers to engage customers. Online sales and website traffic during this period increase by 77 percent and 110 percent, respectively.
Criteo's data is based on the analysis of more than 8 million transactions from 143 retailers in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore before and during Ramadan 2016.
However, the data revealed that online sales in the three countries experienced a decline of 44 percent while there was a drop of 20 percent in website traffic during the start of Eid el-Fitr. Increase in online sales only rebounded after the Eid with 35 percent.
Meanwhile, online retail transactions were lower at 71 percent during the fasting period in the day compared to 76 percent prior to Ramadan. Online sales bounce back to 29 percent after the fasting period from 24 percent before Ramadan.
"Ramadan is an important festive season in this region. Rapidly rising disposable incomes, a growing appetite for modest fashion, halal products and services mean that retailers need to enlist smart solutions to engage shoppers across all touchpoints and deliver the most impactful content at every point in the customer journey," said Alban Villani, General Manager of Criteo in SEA, in a press release.
"As shoppers spend time with their friends and families after sundown and on Eid, they are less likely to browse and shop online. Retailers must pick the right time of the week and time of day to increase their digital marketing efforts, so they can achieve an uptick in online transactions," Villani continued.
Nearly half of the shoppers (46 percent) also use multiple devices when viewing products online. One in four shoppers switch devices at least three times throughout their purchasing journey.
"Retailers need to embrace omni-channel marketing - as we continue to see the rise of offline-to-online and online-to-offline (O2O) shopping habits. Our data shows that during the period of Ramadan, shoppers are browsing in stores and purchasing online, and vice-versa. However, whichever way you look, mobile will still be the foundational building block and key driver in O2O retail. Half of the retail transactions in Southeast Asia are already taking place on mobile," Villani explained.
1
The Clark County School District Board of School Trustees announced the approval of new superintendent Jesus F. Jara's, Ed.D. contract during Thursday night's board meeting.
Dr. Jara, formerly deputy superintendent for Orange County Public Schools, will receive $320,000 annually during the course of their three year contract, according to a CCSD media release. They will officially join the district on June 19, 2018. Dr. Jara expressed gratitude after they were chosen for the position.
"I am grateful for this very important opportunity, and I'm humbled and honored to be chosen as superintendent," they said. "I'm looking forward to working with the district's Trustees, educators, and families to build on the progress CCSD has already realized with a clear focus on student achievement."
In July, Dr. Jara will formally meet the Board of School Trustees, district employees, families, community leaders to familiarize themselves with the Las Vegas community and the needs of the district they are leading.
Dr. Jara immigrated to Miami, Florida from Venezuela as a child. They said their former teachers were a critical factor in their success, according to a biography listed on the CCSD website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
If you want to forge your reputation as the most fearsome pirate in Rare's newest game, Sea of Thieves, you'll want to know how to actually start the ship. There are two core types of ships – Galleons and Sloops – each with their own advantages and disadvantages.
However, Sea of Thieves never directly tells you how to make these ships move, so you'll need to explore this vessel first hand. Since both of the ships are fairly different we will break down how to start up each of these ships.
How to Sail the Sloop
For those looking to pillage by themselves or use a smaller, faster ship then look no further than the Sloop. This single sail vessel is quite manageable – even if you are playing by yourself – so don't fret if you can't find a crew. To actually start your voyage you'll need to raise the anchor and lower the sails, both of which can be done right by the steering wheel.
When you get on board, head up to the steering area and approach the horizontal wheel in the back. This controls your anchor and can only be raised/lowered manually. To do this walk up to the anchor controls and press F (PC) / X (Xbox One) to grab hold of the handle. Now move forward to slowly pull the anchor up from the water. The game will let you know once it's completed, so don't worry about wasting time going in circles. If you want to lower the anchor all you have to do is interact with it once to instantly drop it to the seafloor.
Now that the anchor is lowered you'll have to lower the sails which can also be done by the steering wheel. To lower the sails approach the first set of ropes labeled “Sail Length,” interact with it, and then press down on the S key (PC)/control stick (Xbox One). This will instantly lower the sails and if your anchor is up the ship will begin moving. You can then direct this ship by using the steering wheel and moving the sails via the ropes by the anchor wheel.
To stop the ship simply drop the anchor and then pull the sail back up to stop your boat. It's highly recommended to do this earlier rather than later otherwise you risk crashing your ship.
How to Sail the Galleon
If you're looking to play with friends then the Galleon is the boat for you. This massive ship is not recommended to be manned alone and will require communication with your team. To start this ship you'll need to raise the anchor and lower the sails. You can find the anchor wheel in the front of the ship next to one of the masts. Press F (PC)/X (Xbox One) to interact with this item and then push forward to slowly raise the anchor. This is a slow process, but your entire crew can join in to speed up the process.
Once the anchor is raised go where the ropes connect near the stairs leading upwards. From here you can raise or lower the sails via your control stick. There are two sets and having both down will make your vessel move much faster. However, you only need one down to actually have the galleon move, so weigh your options before setting off on your adventure. To drive the Galleon simply use the steering wheel on the raised section. This is a very big boat, so make sure to have at least one person manning the sails/rudder to ensure a quick stop if something happens.
Remember, it's better to drop the anchor and raise the sails sooner rather than later if you want to stop. If you're not quick enough the boat has a chance of crashing against some rocks or the shore which will cause damage or sink your ship. It's not the responsibility of the actual driver to apply the breaks in Sea of Thieves, that is the role of the other three crew members.
With a bit of practice, you should be able to quickly get your ship going within seconds of boarding it. Make sure everyone knows their role before setting sail or you may be joining Davy Jones at the bottom of the sea.
See Also:
Four people were injured when two cars collided across from the Choctaw Casino Resort in Durant. (KTEN)
Four people were injured when two cars collided across from the Choctaw Casino Resort in Durant. (KTEN)
DURANT, Okla. -- If you were held up in traffic on U.S. 69/75 near Durant, late Monday afternoon, here's why:
An elderly female motorist who had been reported as a reckless driver collided with another vehicle across from the Choctaw Casino Resort at the intersection of Choctaw Road.
A woman and two children were in the other car, and one of those youngsters was hurt badly enough to be airlifted to a hospital for treatment.
The other child and the two drivers were taken by ambulance to AllianceHealth Durant. No names or conditions were provided.
Investigators believe the elderly woman may have suffered a medical issue before the crash.
Vice President Mike Pence reaffirmed the Trump administration's alliance with Japan on Tuesday as tensions mount over its neighbor North Korea.
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said during a lunch with Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe.
“We are with you 100 percent.”
Pence also called Japan the “cornerstone” of peace in the region.
North Korea has conducted a series of missile launches and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions, including a failed missile launch on Sunday.
The meeting with Abe was Pence's second stop on a 10-day tour of Asia.
The ‘Cinderella diet' challenge is the latest ridiculous dieting trend Once upon a time, a Japanese weight-loss trend called the “Cinderella diet” went viral, and created a Twitter storm. The controversial and unhealthy fad tells people how to calculate their...
Condé Nast ad featuring 'unhealthily thin' model banned An ad for a glossy UK travel magazine featuring an “unhealthily thin” model posing on a beach has been banned. The ad in Glamour magazine for Condé Nast Traveller was...
Parents of anorexic woman can force-feed her, judge rules The parents of an adult anorexic woman are now allowed to force-feed them in an attempt to save their lives, a New Jersey judged ruled, according to a report. Superior...
Alexa Bliss on their sudden WWE rise, anorexia battle and 'Total Divas' WWE superstar and Raw women's champion Alexa Bliss locks up with The Post's Joseph Staszewski for some Q&A before their match with Mickie James at the TLC pay-per-view Sunday on...
Personal trainer's quest for health turns into sick descent The major turning point, when I realized just how much my eating disorder was ruining my life, was when I went to a musical with one of my clients. I...
I had anorexia and I didn't know it Even before it was released, Netflix's “To The Bone” was causing controversy. The story was about a young woman suffering from anorexia and the film faced accusations that it glamorized...
An 86-pound dancer's journey through extreme body transformation Victoria Spencer is now at a healthy weight after years of suffering from anorexia and competing in bodybuilding competitions. “Battling an eating disorder is the hardest thing I've ever done,”...
Huge rise in men with eating disorders is 'fueled by social media' Soaring numbers of men are seeking help for eating disorders with cases up by almost half in two years, figures reveal. Experts warn social media and growing pressure to look...
Son dies of eating disorder after diet pact with their mom It was meant to be a health initiative that would change their lives for the better. Instead, a mother and son's diet pact turned into an obsession that would prove...
SAN MATEO (KRON) — A woman woke up to a mountain lion snatching their dog off of their bed at a Pescadero home early Monday morning, according to deputies.
At around 3 a.m., a woman called 911 reporting that their dog was taken by a mountain lion from their home in the area of 800 Native Sons Road.
The woman told deputies they and a child were sleeping in a bedroom with their 15-pound Portuguese Podengo at the foot of the bed.
They had left the bedroom's French doors partially open to let the dog out.
In the middle of the night, the woman woke up to their dog barking aggressively.
They looked up at the French doors and saw a shadow of an animal enter the room.
The animal took the small dog from the bed and walked out, they told deputies.
The woman then went outside with a flashlight to look for their dog. They saw large wet paw prints at the entrance to the bedroom and called 911.
Deputies searched the area and also found paw prints similar to a mountain lion.
Authorities want to remind residents to lock and secure their home's doors and windows.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
A crash critically injured a pedestrian at Flamingo Road and Burnham Avenue Thursday afternoon, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police. (Photo: FastCam)
A crash critically injured a pedestrian at Flamingo Road and Burnham Avenue Thursday afternoon, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police.
Officers were called to the scene at 4:07 p.m. The pedestrian was taken to Sunrise Trauma with "what appear to be" life-threatening injuries, police said.
Eastbound Flamingo Road was shut down at Tamarus Street and westbound lanes of Flamingo Road were shut down at Eastern Avenue, police said.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Authorities are looking for two suspects after a Super America gas station was robbed at gunpoint early Saturday morning.
Eden Prairie police responded at about 1:41 a.m. to a report of an armed robbery at the Super America at 6355 Point Chase Road. When officers arrived, they learned two suspects entered the store showing weapons and demanded money from an employee.
Police say one of the two suspects fired their gun inside the store. Both suspects fled the store on foot after taking an undisclosed amount of money and cigarettes. Authorities say there were no customers inside the gas station at the time of the incident. Nobody was injured in the robbery.
Eden Prairie police are asking for the public's help to identify the suspects or who may have seen any suspicious activity in the area around the time of the incident to contact police. The suspects are described as adult males about 20 years old. They were wearing ski masks, hooded sweatshirts and dark colored jackets or sweaters at the time of the incident.
Authorities are offering a reward for information leading to an arrest. Anyone with information should call the Eden Prairie Police Department at (952) 949-6200.
NEWARK, N.J. — It would be easy to say the New Jersey Devils are back after ending a six-year playoff drought.
John Hynes' team went from last in the Eastern Conference in 2016-17 to the post-season in less in the year, riding a career year by left wing Taylor Hall and outstanding first seasons by No. 1 overall draft pick Nico Hischier and Will Butcher. This was a team that made it tough on opponents almost every time it stepped on the ice.
The standings said it all. New Jersey went from 28 wins and 70 points to 44 wins and 97 points.
Still, it was only good enough to outlast the hard-charging Florida Panthers in the closing weeks of the regular season and get the No. 8 seed.
The Devils discovered that playoffs were another level. They were eliminated by Tampa Bay, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, in five games.
“Of course, we're disappointed,” veteran centre Travis Zajac said Tuesday as the Devils cleaned out their lockers. “But we accomplished a lot as a team. This is just the beginning. I like how we come together as a team. We faced a lot of adversity, but we survived. Because the league is so close and it's going to be that way again next year, we have to continue to get better.”
The Devils have ridden a roller-coaster in Hynes' first three seasons as coach. They exceeded expectations in their first year, plummeted two years ago and then stunned the league in getting back to the playoffs.
“You have no idea of how good I feel about what we did this year,” said captain Andy Greene, who like Zajac was with the Devils when they reached the Stanley Cup Final in 2012. “We were a lot better. The way we competed every game down the stretch. We were fighting for each other. We were picked last in the division and last in the conference. We took that to heart. It's all part of the process. You don't go from the bottom to the top unless you work hard.”
Hall carried the Devils this season, scoring points in 26 straight games in which they played. They finished with 39 goals and 54 assists. Their 93 points were 41 more than the next closest player on the team, Hischier (20 goals, 32 assists).
“I knew they were a really good hockey player, but it was nothing like what I saw this year,” said forward Marcus Johansson, who was limited to 29 games by concussions. “He was unbelievable day in and day out.”
If Hall can match next season and young players like Hischier, Butcher, Myles Wood, Blake Coleman and Jesper Bratt improve and the work ethic remains the same, the Devils can easily make it back to the playoffs next season.
Here are some things to watch next season:
GOOD GOALTENDING: The Devils have two starters. Backup Keith Kinkaid had 16 wins in the final two months to secure the playoff berth. Cory Schneider, who lost the starting job after groin and hip injuries in January, was outstanding in the playoffs after taking over for Kinkaid in the second game.
FREE AGENCY: General manager Ray Shero has three big decisions with unrestricted free agents: forwards Patrick Maroon and Michael Grabner and defenceman John Moore. Maroon, who like Grabner was acquired in a deal near the trading deadline, played better and provided a net-front presence. Moore might be let go to create space for youngsters Mirco Mueller and Steven Santini.
Blake Coleman and Stefan Noesen, who were the wings on the checking line with Zajac, are restricted free agents along with Wood, who had 19 goals. Expect them back along with Santini, another restricted free agent.
HISCHIER: The 19-year-old can play. He's not in the same class as Connor McDavid or Austin Matthews. Still, they do all the little things and they will score more if they start hitting the net.
Defence: For the second straight year the Devils gave up 244 goals. That's too many. Sami Vatanen, who was acquired from Anaheim, helped the defence and was Greene's partner on the top pair. The defence needs a star and Shero may go after the Capitals' John Carlson.
——
Associated Press freelancer Jim Hague contributed to this report.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
BOSTON — Islanders goaltender Thomas Greiss definitely wanted to be back in net after a poor game.
Playing in Boston again certainly added to their excitement.
Greiss stopped 32 shots for their first shutout of the season — and the first by an Islanders goalie in a game in Boston — in beating the Bruins 4-0 on Monday.
“If they were tired, they would say it,” Islanders coach Jack Capuano said of Greiss. “But they said they wanted to get right back in there. They said they were mentally focused and ready to go.”
Nikolay Kulemin scored two of the Islanders' three second-period goals, and Josh Bailey and Jason Chimera also scored. Chimera has scored in three consecutive games.
The Islanders entered the game with the fewest points in the Eastern Conference and have lost 13 of 19 road games (6-9-4), but defeated the Bruins twice in TD Garden.
“So far it's been treating me very well. Fun games,” said Greiss, who made 48 saves in a win in Boston over the Bruins in December.
On Saturday, they gave up seven goals on 43 shots before being pulled in a loss to Carolina.
“You always want to have a good game after that and respond and feel good about yourself again,” they said.
Boston starting goaltender Tuukka Rask was pulled after two periods. They gave up three goals on 15 shots. Backup Zane McIntyre gave up the other goal. The Bruins left the ice following the final siren to a spattering of boos from the fans that were left in the stands.
“We let them down by our effort,” Boston captain Zdeno Chara said.
AlohaNAP and 1547 Further Commits to Operational Excellence and Security
KAPOLEI, HI--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - AlohaNAP, the only multi-tenant, carrier-neutral data center facility with satellite backup capabilities in the state of Hawaii, announces today that it is both Service Organization Control (SOC) 2, Type 1 and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) version 3.1 compliant. The location recently underwent rigorous audits to provide customers with the assurance that their services meet the highest security and availability standards.
Weaver, the largest independent accounting firm in the Southwest, performed an independent examination and testing of control activities at AlohaNAP's data center, with an assessment of:
physical security;
operations and customer service;
development and information technology organization; and
risk assessment monitoring.
AlohaNAP's SOC 2 Report, performed in accordance with AICPA's Attest Engagements 101 guidance (AT 101), verifies that the design and operating effectiveness of the facility's internal controls meet the requirements for the security principles set forth in the Trust Services Principles. The examination tested the Trust Services Principles and Criteria over system security and availability.
PCI DSS ensures the safe handling of sensitive information and is intended to help organizations proactively protect customer account data. Achieving this standard ensures customers' data is safe from physical, network and technical security risks within a third-party data center.
"Businesses on the island require a data center provider that can protect their most sensitive data," states Lee Mercado, Director of Sales, AlohaNAP. "Meeting these standards reinforces AlohaNAP's commitment to maintaining the highest levels of security and compliance to ensure the availability, integrity and safety of these customer assets."
AlohaNAP is located two miles inland and over 160 feet above sea level, outside of any floodplain and tsunami zones. Owned and operated by leading custom-designed data center developer and operator, fifteenfortyseven Critical Systems Realty (1547), the facility is designed to be the premier, multi-tenant, carrier-neutral data center complex in the Pacific. Leveraging its geographic location in Kapolei, HI, and access to Hawaii Pacific Teleport, an international satellite communications provider, AlohaNAP is creating a high bandwidth capacity "meet-me" point.
For more information about AlohaNAP, please visit www.alohanap.com.
About AlohaNAP
AlohaNAP offers enterprise-ready Tier 3 data center and colocation services on the island of Oahu by leveraging best-in-class critical infrastructure and our wide array of connectivity options, including both fiber and satellite. AlohaNAP is one of the only purpose-built commercial data centers on the island of Oahu, situated two miles inland and over 160 feet above sea level. The facility offers carrier-neutral connections to both global and local fiber providers, and satellite connectivity to over 40 different satellites. With 10,000 square feet of space immediately available, full redundancy, and 24/7 on-site security, AlohaNAP is the premier data center in Hawaii. AlohaNAP is one of four premier properties owned by leading custom-designed data center developer and operator, fifteenfortyseven Critical Systems Realty.
If you are looking for “edgy” art, Bill Herndon, 83, of Acton is your man.  They are a custom knife-maker.
Herndon's passion for creating art in steel began at their father's side. Their father's hobby was photography and their job was engineering.
Earning a degree in engineering, they then earned a degree one in illustrative design after serving as a photographer in the U.S. military while stationed in Germany in the 1950's.
After a lifetime in photography and career of selling movie film stock in San Francisco, they retired to Acton in 1997 where they began creating custom knives in their garage.
“When I first started out, I sharpened everything in sight” Herndon said. They sharpened their lawn mower blades and then quickly cut off three toes with it.
Creating their own steel
Herndon wipes the sweat off their face as they stand in front of the 3,000-degree furnace roaring in their back yard.
 They are creating a piece of “Damascus” steel, a tedious process perfected in the Third Century in India and the Middle East. The process welds thin layers of steel together and creates distinctive design patterns in a blank of steel that will become a knife blade.
After removing the glowing billet of steel from the white hot mouth of the forge, borax is added to bind the layers. Then 30 tons of force is applied in the nearby press, fusing the strips into one slab of steel.
After repeating the process many times, they move the blank blade to their power hammer. Activating the six foot tall, clanking, belt driven monster with their foot, Herndon pummels the steel with 50 pounds of pressure at a deafening 250 beats per minute to coax the steel to the thickness of a knife blade.
“Using the power hammer saves my old arms,” they laugh.
Heating the blade again, they then taps the edge with a blacksmith's hammer on an anvil to give the blade the familiar curve of a bowie knife.
Work continues in the machine shop
Herndon weaves through the narrow isles between rows of grinders, band saws and drill presses in their garage. Their workshop is literally “cutting edge,” with each piece of machinery focused on a specific task in creating their knives.
“Don't call it a hobby – it's a vocation,” they said.
Herndon pulls on their scratched glasses, tattered leather gloves and apron. They sit in front of the grinder and touches the steel blade to the whirring belt which throws out a 5-foot shower of hot sparks as they sculpt the steel to rough-out the cutting edge of the blade.
After a series of six grades of grinding belts – from course to very fine – to bring the blade to the proper sharpened edge, it will be sent out for a specific type of hardening determined by its usage for hunting, fishing, fighting, or beauty.
Examining the blade on one of their finished bowie knives, they explain the metallurgy of knife-making and the two distinct tones running the length of the blade.
“This wavy (highly polished) edge is heat-treated to stay sharp; the (dull) back of the blade is left softer and more flexible so it won't break,” they said.
Running their finger down the craggy, curving handle of the knife, they say, “This handle was carved from Indian stag, which is no longer available in this country.”
This particular knife is valued at $750.00
Herndon opens one of their custom oak display boxes. On the top, the brass label reads Wm. R. “Bill” Herndon. They smile as they say, “This is one of my favorites.” They lift the dagger with the smoky dark gray blade and mother of pearl handle from the velvet liner.
“This blade was chemically treated to achieve the dark color,” Bill explains. “This silver inlay is harder to work with than gold. The handle is carved from a $750 piece of mother of pearl.”
They say knife would be worth $2,500.00.
A forged Bowie knife might take Herndon 20 hours to complete, one with a Damascus steel blade will double the hours.
“I make hundreds of knives a year ranging in price from $130 to $5,000 each.” they said. “The price is determined by how much time I have invested in the knife – the more hours – the higher the price. You have to pay yourself something for your work.”
Father Leo Patalinghug, star of EWTN's “Grace Before Meals,” prepares penne pasta and vodka sauce for hundreds of Mercer County Fair-goers in Celina Sunday evening. It was Father Leo's first county fair appearance.  They are famous for having beaten renowned chef Bobby Flay. Mercer county clergy and selected audience members got to sample Father Leo's dish and the audience paid close attention to their combination of cooking advice and Christian theology. (There will be more photos later this week and in the September edition of The Catholic Telegraph.)
It's Ridiculous!
"You know, I am someone who has lived in the public eye. Comparison is something that people love to do. I was compared to my mother, my brother to our father and me to my brother.''
''Now, Taimur to Inaaya. People enjoy it. I come across Instagram posts of Inaaya and Taimur picture together and they ask ‘which baby is cuter?' It is ridiculous but people comment too. This is human nature. You just have to laugh at it as much as you can.''
Everything Changed After Innaya's Birth
"I used to travel light. I never liked to stay in lines and check-ins. But now with Inaaya, you have a lot of stuff with you when you travel and you have to be very organized about it. We recently took a flight to Delhi from there to Pataudi house which is about an hour. I was worried how they would respond to it but they were quite good.''
You Become Sympathetic Towards People With Kids
''Also, we have taken long drives. My concerns have always been if we have enough things to keep them entertained, nappies, milk and other necessities. The first time we were very scared but the more you do it, you become confident. Also, you become sympathetic towards people who travel with babies.''
Soha Reveals A Cute Incident
''Kunal wanted to be the first one to show Inaaya to the world. They were the first one to put up a picture on their social media. Their justification was, ‘Well, now we are going to start taking them out and there's going to be media and they will take a picture of us and we can't control it.''
''So, I want to have control over the first picture of my daughter that comes out. It should not be by someone else after that the world is going to see them anyway'. That made sense to me. After that, we did not put a picture for quite a long. I did post one with Taimur because it was too cute. So, there is no logic to it."
An elderly passenger has died after a bus in West Lothian braked suddenly, causing them to fall.
The 82-year-old woman was on a number 38A First bus in High Street in Linlithgow on Saturday.
They were taken by ambulance to St John's Hospital, Livingston, shortly after 16:25.
The woman died in hospital at about 21:00. Police said their death is being treated as non-suspicious and a report will be sent to the procurator fiscal.
Insp Richard Latto, of Police Scotland, said: "This is a tragic collision and our thoughts are with the lady's family at this sad time.
"We are eager to establish to dull circumstances of this incident and would ask anyone who was on the 38A bus in Linlithgow High Street, or who saw the incident from the street, to get in touch with us as soon as possible."
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), one of the UK's ‘big four' banks is launching ‘Esme', a digital site under its NatWest brand that will offer business loans within hours to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
The Financial Times reports that the new service will be available around the clock and the bank will offer up to £150,000 ($187,000/€177,000) for all small businesses, including those that are not RBS customers. Loans will be for up to a maximum period of five years.
Esme, developed by RBS's in-house innovation lab, will process each step of the loan application, including credit scoring and compliance with know-your-customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) requirements.
The move by the state-owned bank comes less than two years after RBS announced the closure of global cash management division as part of a major restructure to focus on the UK market. Many of its non-UK business customers transferred to BNP Paribas and Citi.
Alison Rose, chief executive officer (CEO) of RBS's corporate, commercial and private banking business said the launch of such a digital service was in response to the rise of similar peer-to-peer (P2P) and other direct lending sites in the UK.
“The last thing SMEs want is to spend hours filling in paper work, so this allows them to quickly complete a digital process. [SME lending] is a really big part of our engine of growth,” they told the FT.
Rose added that despite the bank's digitisation move, RBS will continue to give importance to its managers whose role is to support these SME businesses. “We know a relationship banker is so important if a company does get into distress. The relationship banker stays with them the whole way through,” they said.
RBS has agreed deals with several P2P sites in the past two years as a way to refer some smaller businesses that it is unable to finance. The bank formed a partnership with a group of sites including Funding Circle to provide options for customers with loan applications that do not meet its criteria.
0 views
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Apple Fixes HomeKit Bug that Left Smart Gadgets Vulnerable
Apple has been forced to fix a security hole within its HomeKit smart home system that could have allowed hackers to unlock users' smart locks or other devices.
The bug within iOS 11.2 permitted unauthorized remote control of HomeKit-enabled devices. Such devices include smart lights, plugs and other gadgets, but also includes smart locks and garage door openers.
An Apple spokesperson said: “The issue affecting HomeKit users running iOS 11.2 has been fixed. The fix temporarily disables remote access to shared users, which will be restored in a software update early next week.”
The company said the temporary fix was made server side, meaning that users do not have to do anything for it to take effect, but also that it breaks some functionality of the system.
The vulnerability, disclosed to 9to5Mac, required at least one iPad, iPhone or iPod Touch running the latest software version iOS 11.2 to have connected to the iCloud account associated with the HomeKit system. Previous versions of iOS appear not to have been affected. To exploit the bug the attackers would need to know the email address associated with the Apple ID of the homeowner and knowledge of how the system worked.
Experts said that while issues with smart-home systems such as this impact consumer confidence in smart locks and other security devices, traditional locks can also be easily undermined with traditional picking techniques.
The security bug is just the latest in a series of issues affecting Apple's software on both its iPhone and Mac computers. Since November, iPhone and iPad users have been plagued with bugs affecting the autocorrect system, including issues typing the word “it” and the letter “I”, having it replaced with odd symbols.
Apple was also forced to apologize after a serious security flaw that allowed anyone to take control of a Mac running the latest version of macOS High Sierra with a blank password was revealed. The company rushed out a fix for the security bug, which then broke the file sharing system, which itself needed fixing in a later software update.
“We greatly regret this error and we apologize to all Mac users, both for releasing with this vulnerability and for the concern it has caused. Our customers deserve better,” Apple said at the time.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Apple.
Jeff Sessions Announces Crackdown on Darknet Opioid Sales
The Justice Department has formed a new team to fight online opioid sales, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Monday.
Dubbed the Joint Criminal Opiod Darknet Enforcement Team, or J-Code, the task force will focus on opioid sales transacted on the darkweb.
According to Mr. Sessions, J-Code will more than double the FBI's investment in fighting online opioid trafficking. The FBI will also dedicate dozens more special agents, intelligence analysts and professional staff to the team.
The DEA and the Justice Department's Safe Streets Task Force and Health Care Fraud Special Agents will also work with J-Code.
"Criminals think that they are safe on the darkness, but they are in a rude awakening," Mr. Sessions said. "We have already infiltrated their networks and we are determined to bring them to justice. In the midst of the deadliest drug crisis in American history, the FBI and the Department of Justice are stepping up our investment in fighting opioid-related crimes."
In November, the attorney general ordered all 94 U.S. Attorney offices to designate an opioid coordinator who will customize anti-opioid strategies for their districts.
Mr. Sessions announced J-Code's formation during a speech in Pittsburgh. In 2016, more than 4,000 Pennsylvanians died of a drug overdose, a 37 percent increase from the previous year, Mr. Sessions said. Allegheny County, where Pittsburgh is located, accounted for 650 deaths two years ago.
"It is looking like 2017 will see another increase, but the preliminary data appears to show that the increase will not be as drastic," Mr. Sessions said. "But as we all know these are not numbers -- these are moms, dads, daughters, spouses, friends and neighbors."
In July 2017, Mr. Sessions orders the creation of a new program to focus specifically on investigating opioid-related health care fraud, known as the Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit.
A month later, the Justice Department announced the seizure of the largest darknet marketplace, known as Alpha Bay. The site hosted nearly 220,000 drug listings and was responsible for synthetic opioid overdoses, including the death of a 13-year-old, Mr. Sessions said.
In August, the department formed an Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit to focus specifically on investigating opioid-related health care fraud.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
SAN JOSE — The Sharks know the Vegas Golden Knights' top priority in their second round series will be to slow down defenseman Brent Burns. The key for San Jose, as it was against the Anaheim Ducks, is getting everybody else to pick up the slack.
Burns, who led the Sharks with 67 points this season, will undoubtedly draw a lot of attention in this series, particularly after they had five points in four regular season games against Vegas. But that's nothing new.
Get Sharks news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Sharks Report newsletter.
In the first round of last season's playoffs, the Edmonton Oilers' top priority was to contain Burns, just as it was for the Sharks to rein in Connor McDavid. Burns had three assists in a 7-0 Game 4 blowout win against Edmonton, but was shut out for the other five games of the series. San Jose lost in six.
But as the Sharks showed against the Ducks, they have a much better chance of succeeding now should Burns' production be taken away.
“I expect Burnzie will get some attention. They always do. But, you take something away, something else opens up,” Sharks coach Pete DeBoer said. “That's nothing that we haven't dealt with before. We've seen that. Edmonton played them that way last year in the playoffs.
“I think individually and collectively, that's what teams in the playoffs try to do is take away the other team's strengths and expose their weaknesses. We're trying to do the same thing on our end.”
Like our Sharks Facebook page for more San Jose Sharks news, commentary and conversation.
Burns rejoined their Sharks teammates Monday for their brisk morning practice with DeBoer later reiterating that their Norris Trophy-winning defenseman will be ready once the series with the Golden Knights begins.
It remains unclear what Burns might be dealing with injury-wise, if anything. They took a maintenance day last Friday, two days after the Sharks dispatched of the Ducks with a four-game sweep in the first round series, and skated on Sunday morning before the full team practice began.
Against the Ducks, Burns had nine shots on goal and scored once in Game 1. After that, the Ducks made a concerted effort to limit Burns' time and space, and held them to six shots on goal and one assist for the rest of the series. For the four game-series, Sharks defensemen combined for one goal and five assists.
The Sharks' forward group picked up the slack, with Joe Pavelski and Logan Couture finishing with five points each and Evander Kane, Tomas Hertl and Marcus Sorensen all finishing with four.
If Vegas tries a similar tact against the Sharks' blueliners, the forwards will again need to take advantage.
“Certain teams play certain ways. We see teams throughout the season give (more space) to the (defensemen). We've seen other teams take it away,” Pavelski said. “So, there are certain things we try to accomplish.
Related Articles The next obstacle in Sharks' 27-year quest: An expansion team?!!
Scoring on Marc-Andre Fleury will be tough. Here's what the Sharks must do
Sharks' Joe Thornton ruled out for Game 1 vs. Vegas Golden Knights
With long break, what's the Sharks' plan to stay in rhythm?
Sharks' DeBoer on start of Vegas series: “I'd be an idiot to make lineup changes” “But from night to night, from play to play, there might be a few times, more consistently, they might take our ‘D' away. You've go to be ready to make plays.”
▪ The Sharks practiced special teams on Monday and kept the same power play units they had for their series against the Ducks. Hertl, who led all Sharks players with a 62.7 percent faceoff win percentage in the first round was on the top unit with Burns, Pavelski, Couture and Kevin Labanc. The second unit featured Kane, Joonas Donskoi, Mikkel Boedker, Timo Meier and Marc-Edouard Vlasic.
▪ The Sharks figure to see forward Ryan Carpenter on a regular basis in this series. Carpenter, who was placed on waivers by the Sharks on Dec. 12 and claimed a day later by Vegas, finished the regular season with 14 points in 36 games with the Golden Knights. They averaged 14:22 of ice time in Vegas' four-game sweep of Los Angeles, including 19:41 in the Golden Knights' 2-1 double-overtime win in Game 2.
“He's found a way to get a big role there, and he's made the most of it,” DeBoer said. “That's what the whole waiver process is about. It's about getting guys the opportunity where maybe there wasn't one somewhere else, and then it's on them. You're happy for him.”:
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DAVIE (CBSMiami/AP) — Several NFL teams are looking for a new head coach and some are looking at a member of the Miami Dolphins coaching staff.
Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph is drawing interest around the NFL as a head coaching candidate.
Teams have asked Miami for permission to speak with Joseph, coach Adam Gase said Monday. At least six teams are in the market for a new coach.
Joseph is drawing attention even though Miami (10-6) allowed a franchise-record 6,122 yards during the regular season. Joseph, who is in their first season with the Dolphins, dealt with a wave of injuries and helped them reach the playoffs for the first time since 2008.
“There are going to be great opportunities for him,” Gase said. “Our players on defense should be proud, because one of the reasons why he's getting that opportunity is they played well.”
Miami plays at Pittsburgh in the first round of the playoffs Sunday. Gase said he'll leave to Joseph the timing of any job interviews.
“Vance is somebody that I trust a lot,” Gase said. “I know what their focus is. He'll have the right approach to being able to handle this.”
Joseph is black. The NFL's Rooney Rule requires teams to interview minority candidates for coaching and front office positions.
Joseph is in their 12th year as an NFL assistant. They also spent time with the 49ers, Texans and Bengals.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
By Jason Earle
PROJECTED CONFERENCE CHAMPIONS:
America East: Albany (10-1)
AAC: Wichita State (8-1)
Atlantic 10: Rhode Island (5-3)
ACC: Miami (8-0)
Atlantic Sun: Florida Gulf Coast (7-4)
Big 12: Kansas (7-2)
Big East: Villanova (10-0)
Big Sky: Portland State (8-2)
Big South: Liberty (7-3)
Big Ten: Michigan State (9-1)
Big West: UC Davis (7-2)
Colonial: Towson (10-1)
C-USA: Middle Tennessee (7-1)
Horizon: Oakland (6-4)
Ivy: Pennsylvania (8-4)
MAAC: Iona (4-4)
MAC: Ball State (6-4)
MEAC: North Carolina A&T (5-4)
Missouri Valley: Loyola-Chicago (10-1)
Mountain West: Nevada (8-2)
Northeast: Wagner (7-1)
Ohio Valley: Murray State (6-1)
Pac-12: Arizona State (9-0)
Patriot: Navy (9-3)
SEC: Kentucky (8-1)
Southern: East Tennessee State (6-3)
Southland: Stephen F. Austin (9-1)
SWAC: Grambling (3-6)
Summit: South Dakota State (8-4)
Sun Belt: Georgia Southern (7-2)
WCC: Gonzaga (8-2)
WAC: New Mexico State (7-2)
MATCHUPS:
East Region
1 Villanova vs 16 UC Davis/Grambling
8 Saint Mary's vs 9 UCLA
5 Florida vs 12 Ball State
4 Notre Dame vs 13 East Tennessee State
3 Texas A&M vs 14 Portland State
6 Texas vs 11 USC
7 Creighton vs 10 Tennessee
2 North Carolina vs 15 Stephen F. Austin
TEAM OF THE WEEK: Villanova (10-0)
As the nation's top teams continue to fall, Jay Wright's squad remains unbeaten. The Wildcats picked up their best win of the season earlier this week over Gonzaga and should head into conference play 12-0. Villanova has become one of the most consistent and reliable teams in college basketball over the past few seasons, constantly replacing star guards with more than capable perimeter talent (i.e. Ryan Arcidiacono, Josh Hart, Jalen Brunson). The Cats are far and away the best team in the Big East. They should win the regular season conference title and walk into the NCAA Tournament with an easy first matchup.
West Region
1 Michigan State vs 16 Georgia Southern/North Carolina A&T
8 Arkansas vs 9 Virginia Tech
5 Arizona vs 12 Middle Tennessee
4 Xavier vs 13 New Mexico State
3 Kansas vs 14 Loyola-Chicago
6 Seton Hall vs 11 Georgia/Ohio State
7 Louisville vs 10 Michigan
2 West Virginia vs 15 Florida Gulf Coast
TEAM OF THE WEEK: Arizona (7-3)
Ever since the horrid three-game stretch that saw the Wildcats fall to NC State, SMU, and Purdue, Sean Miller's crew has played exceptionally well. In their past three games, Arizona has defeated a solid UNLV team, #7 Texas A&M, and a tournament-bound Alabama group with one of the nation's top freshmen. Three early, non-conference losses certainly hurt this team's resume, but the Pac-12 will be significantly weaker this season than last. Arizona should have no problem competing with the Sun Devils by the end of the year with a serious chance to win this conference. Trier and Ayton are still one of college basketball's best duos, which makes it tough for anybody to take down the Wildcats.
South Region
1 Miami vs 16 Wagner
8 Oklahoma vs 9 Houston
5 Cincinnati vs 12 Navy
4 Virginia vs 13 Murray State
3 Gonzaga vs 14 South Dakota State
6 Purdue vs 11 Rhode Island
7 Texas Techs vs 10 Washington
2 Wichita State vs 15 Pennsylvania
TEAM OF THE WEEK: Washington (7-3)
The Huskies took down Kansas this week in a shocking upset over the then-#2 team in the nation. Washington followed the win with a 27-point loss to Gonzaga on their home floor. Nonetheless, a win over Kansas gets them on the map. Again, in a year where the Pac-12 seems to be weak, Washington will have the opportunity to pick up many conference wins if they can perform anywhere close to the level they did on Wednesday night. It's too early to place the Huskies any higher than 10 at this point, but this Washington group has the potential to reach March.
Midwest Region
1 Duke vs 16 Iona
8 Alabama vs 9 Minnesota
5 Florida State vs 12 Towson
4 TCU vs 13 Oakland
3 Arizona State vs 14 Albany
6 Baylor vs 11 SMU/Syracuse
7 Butler vs 10 Nevada
2 Kentucky vs 15 Liberty
TEAM OF THE WEEK: Arizona State (9-0)
The Sun Devils are, quite fittingly, the hottest team in college basketball right now. After entering the season off of everyone's radar, Bobby Hurley's crew has soared to #5 in the latest AP Rankings after victories over San Diego State, Kansas State, Xavier, and Kansas. If this group continues this level of play throughout the season, they could very well end the year with less than five losses. Winning in the Phog Allen Fieldhouse is one of the toughest things to do in all sports. If the Sun Devils needed to convince anyone that they were for real, that's about the best sign of proof to give. Arizona State will be a fun team to watch this season.
Last Four Byes:
Tennessee
Washington
Michigan
USC
Last Four In:
SMU
Georgia
Ohio State
Syracuse
First Four Out:
NC State
Clemson
Temple
Mississippi State
Next Four Out:
Maryland
Northwestern
Nebraska
LSU
Conference Breakdown:
ACC: 9
Big 12: 7
SEC: 6
Big East: 5
Big Ten: 5
Pac-12: 5
American: 4
WCC: 2
Copyright © 2016. All market data is provided by Barchart Market Data Solutions. Futures: at least 10 minute delayed except as noted. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer
Next Windows 10 To Reveal What Data Microsoft Collects about You
Microsoft plans to launch new privacy tools to help customers better understand the types of data collected about them when they use devices running the Windows operating system. The company said the changes are aimed at increasing users' trust and confidence.
Yesterday's announcement comes a few days before Data Privacy Day, an annual observation in the U.S. and Canada sponsored by the National Cyber Security Alliance. Held every Jan. 28, the theme of this year's Data Privacy Day is "Respecting Privacy, Safeguarding Data and Enabling Trust."
Other new features that will be arriving with the next Windows 10 update include expanded control of fonts, streamlined setup for Windows Hello security, and fixes for a variety of PC bugs and glitches. Microsoft released a preview build of the updates to developer insiders yesterday. The next consumer update to Windows 10 is expected to arrive sometime this spring.
Responding to 'Excessive Collection' Complaints
The coming privacy-focused changes include a new application called the Windows Diagnostic Data Viewer, which will be available free through the Microsoft Store, and an updated Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. The main addition to the privacy dashboard will be an Activity History page that lets users see details on what data has been collected and saved about the activities of their Microsoft accounts.
"Our commitment is to be fully transparent on the diagnostic data collected from your Windows devices, how it is used, and to provide you with increased control over that data," Windows Devices Group privacy officer Marisa Rogers wrote yesterday in a blog post. "This is all part of our commitment to increase your trust and confidence in our products and services."
Released in July 2015, Windows 10 has been repeatedly criticized over the extent of data that it collects about users in the course of their activities. For example, in 2016, the French data protection authority took formal action against Microsoft for "excessive collection of personal data" and other privacy violations.
Since then, Microsoft has made a number of changes, including the addition of the privacy dashboard last year, to address such concerns, and French regulators closed their proceedings against the company in June.
Updates To Arrive this Spring
Data on Windows 10 user activity is used to guide improvements in the operating system, according to Windows and Devices Group software engineer Dona Sarkar.
"Microsoft uses Windows diagnostic data to focus our decisions and efforts to provide you with the most robust and valuable platform possible," Sarkar wrote yesterday in a blog post about the latest Windows 10 Insider Preview Build. "By participating in our diagnostic data programs, you have a voice in the operating system's development, improving the overall product experience and quality through your insights."
In addition to the new privacy features, the next update of Windows 10 will include new font settings and additional fonts available through the Microsoft Store. The new settings include a Fonts page that lets users see previews of what text looks like in different font families, colors, and languages.
Another change will make it easier for users to delete activities in their Timelines, giving them the option of batch-deleting records from a specific hour or day. Users will also be able to set up their biometric security preferences straight from a Windows Hello tile, rather than having to navigate into their settings.
Image credit: Product shots by Microsoft; iStock Artist's concept.
PITTSBURGH — Darnell Edge scored 18 points with four 3-pointers, Noah Morgan and Kaleb Bishop added 15 points apiece, and Fairleigh Dickinson beat Robert Morris 73-67 on Saturday to even the season series with the Colonials.
Jahlil Jenkins scored 11 points with seven assists for the Knights (8-15, 5-7 Northeast Conference), who shot 42.2 per cent from the field in winning their third road game of the season.
Trailing by 11 at halftime, Robert Morris closed to 46-41 on Charles Bain's 3, but Edge and Morgan each hit 3s for a 56-43 FDU lead. The Colonials trailed 68-62 on Koby Thomas' 3-point play with 1:06 to go, but got no closer from there.
FDU led 37-26 at halftime after outscoring the Colonials 20-8 in the paint and scoring 13 second-chance points off of 10 offensive boards.
Dachon Burke scored 19 points, Thomas added 18 and Bain had 15 for Robert Morris (13-12, 7-5), which has lost three straight.
In an unexpected discovery that shifts how scientists think about the early days of the universe, astronomers have detected a supermassive black hole that they say is the most distant ever observed.
The colossal black hole is so far away that light from the quasar in which it is located was emitted just 690 million years after the Big Bang, which took place 13.8 billion years ago. Quasars are star-like celestial objects made up of a supermassive black hole and surrounding gas, which shines with incredible brilliance as it falls into the black hole.
The newfound object certainly lives up to the supermassive moniker; it's about 800 million times as massive as the sun. In comparison, the supermassive black hole at the center of our Milky Way galaxy, Sagittarius A*, is about 4.6 million times as massive as the sun.
That stupendous size has astronomers scratching their heads.
“Now that we are seeing it, we have to explain it,” Dr. Eduardo Banados, an astrophysicist with the Carnegie Institution for Science in Pasadena, California, and the lead author of a paper about the discovery, told the Los Angeles Times. “And that is a big challenge for theorists right now.”
The paper was published online Dec. 6, 2017 in the journal Nature.
Larger supermassive black holes have been discovered, Dr. Robert Simcoe, a professor at MIT's Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research and co-author of the paper, told NBC News MACH in an email. “What's unprecedented is the combination of large size so early in the history of the universe.”
From its two public radio stations (89.7 NPR News and Classical 101) and public TV station that spans across four channels (WOSU TV, WOSU Plus, WOSU Ohio and WOSU Kids), a mobile app and two websites, WOSU Public Media has a reach that covers a quarter of individuals throughout the state and has nearly 25,000 members. In 2016, WOSU TV celebrated its 60th year on air.
While you may fondly associate the organization with your Downton Abbey obsession, WOSU's mission is to enrich lives across Ohio through content and experiences that engage, inform and inspire. By celebrating Ohio's diverse citizens, embracing innovation, promoting lifelong learning, and partnering with those who share a passion for public service, WOSU's programming brings local stories to life through radio programs such as All Sides with Ann Fisher.
WOSU also delivers PBS KIDS® programming 24/7 through WOSU Kids to enhance child development and early learning opportunities, and in 2016, celebrated the 20th year of Ready To Learn®, which is grounded in workshops offered to childcare providers and parents utilizing resources from public television. Through WOSU's educational services, more than 1,200 books have been distributed at community events and more than 500 individuals participated in workshops in 2016.
Headquartered in the basement of the Fawcett Center, The Ohio State University owns WOSU's broadcast license, but WOSU functions as an autonomous nonprofit multimedia organization. Media outlets are no stranger to increased competition, and in recent years, it has become clear that offering their expertise as a revenue-generator would benefit the organization, leveraging its assets and production talents.
“We attended a SocialVentures' (at the time, Center for Social Enterprise Development's) workshop on social enterprise a year or so ago,” said Brent Davis, Chief Content Director – Arts, Life & Culture, WOSU Public Media. “And what struck me most, was that all of the institutions that attended the workshop are completely unique and have different needs—and that we too have a very unusual makeup and goals, even compared to the other nonprofits in attendance.”
In 2013, the organization launched WOSU Productions as a social enterprise dedicated to generating earned revenue to support and expand WOSU Public Media's mission work. WOSU Productions provides videography, video streaming and webinar production, complete with studio space and field production capabilities, graphics and audio (radio/podcast) production services at competitive rates.
“We regularly have to measure our impact and provide it to NPR and PBS, along with standard media measurements such as ratings and audience, but in terms of measuring initiatives that have more of a social impact, those are more difficult to measure and are more anecdotal responses from our audience,” said Meredith Hart, Marketing & Communications Director, WOSU Public Media. “In addition, the collection of this feedback varies by the type of content that we provide.”
From working with local nonprofits such as the Greater Columbus Arts Council to The Ohio State University, WOSU Productions serves a wide range of clients to support its mission work. In 2016, the organization reported that five percent ($720,284) of its overall revenue ($13,506,572) was earned revenue from many initiatives, including the contributions from WOSU Productions.
“All organizations, not just media organizations, have to figure out how to remain relevant when the landscape is changing so quickly, and that's a challenge for us as well,” said Davis.
If you are interested in supporting WOSU and are in need of WOSU Productions' services, please contact Brent Davis by sending an email to brent.davis@wosu.org, or by calling 614-247-2454. You can also see samples of WOSU Productions' work online: wosu.org/wosu-productions.
If you are passionate about empowering your purchases to do good, you can view Central Ohio's 100 pluse social enterprises by visiting SocialVentures' new online Marketplace, where you can filter your view by cause (impact area), such as Employment & Job Training and Individuals with Disabilities. You can also reach out to learn more: sara@socialventurescbus.com.
SocialVentures, formerly the Center for Social Enterprise Development, changed its name in August 2017.
Claiming vindication and straining to derail the Russia probe, President Donald Trump declassified a top secret congressional memo Friday, and suggested it proved the investigation of their presidential campaign was fatally flawed. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear them or their campaign, and the FBI called the memo inaccurate and incomplete.
Butting heads just as they had before the memo's release, Trump and their critics stuck to the positions they had staked out in the weeks leading up to the hotly disputed release of the memo prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee. The memo makes their case — and Trump's — that abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation made it worse than worthless.
The Democrats, having none of it, said the four-page memo merely cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement and undercut the current federal investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document "mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information" and its release "will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies."
The memo's central premise is that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divide the White House and their hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
Trump, who lashed out at the FBI and Justice Department Friday morning, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo.
Asked if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if they still had confidence in him, Trump retorted. "You figure that one out."
A senior White House official said later the administration expects Rosenstein to remain in their job.
Trump has been telling confidants they believed the memo would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. Though the document had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairperson, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The development also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the memo's allegations to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically tainted from the start.
But the memo does nothing to address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. It also reveals the FBI investigation actually began in July 2016, months before the warrant was even sought, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.
Mueller inherited the probe in May of 2017. Four people have so far been charged in their investigation.
Trump said Friday of the information in the memo: "I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Earlier in the day, they tweeted, "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people."
The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret surveillance warrant on a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that agents believed they might be an agent of a foreign power —Russia. That warrant was signed off on multiple times, including by Rosenstein.
In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, "The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy."
The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, "formed an essential part" of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information Steele collected was included in the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele's research into Trump and Russia was compiled into a series of memos, or dossier, containing salacious allegations.
Regardless, the FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants. And the memo makes clear that the FBI believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee through a Washington law firm. The memo says that Steele, a longtime FBI source, was suspended and then terminated for an improper disclosure to the media over their relationship with the memo.
Democrats pushed back on multiple assertions from the memo, saying it was not accurate the FBI had withheld from the court information about Steele's potential political motivations or those of the people who hired him. They say the memo ignores the fact the investigation did not begin with Steele.
Schiff, the top Democrat, said the memo had "cherry-picked" information from Andrew McCabe, who stepped down as FBI deputy director this week. The memo describes them as having told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought without the dossier.
The memo release escalates a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. Wray had warned the White House that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent.
Comey weighed in on Twitter, calling the memo "dishonest and misleading" and saying it had "inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
As the mushroom cloud continued to spread over the weekend from Friday evening's nuclear blast—the news that Facebook provided personal data on more than 50 million users to a Trump-linked data company called Cambridge Analytica—one consistent theme amid the chaos was the increasingly defensive argument from senior Facebook executives that a) What happened wasn't technically a data “breach,” and b) It happened a long time ago, before they tightened up their data usage policies, so it doesn't relate to current events such as the Trump election campaign.
What's interesting is that the response to the Cambridge Analytica incident—shock, horror, the pointing of fingers and threats of regulation—says a lot about the way that attitudes toward Facebook and what it does have shifted over time. The honeymoon isn't just over at this point; both sides are looking at hiring expensive lawyers and taking each other to divorce court.
Facebook breach: This is a major breach that must be investigated. It's clear these platforms can't police themselves. I've called for more transparency & accountability for online political ads. They say “trust us.” Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary. — Amy Klobuchar (@amyklobuchar) March 17, 2018
At the risk of appearing like a Facebook apologist, both of the points made by Facebook's former ad executive Andrew “Boz” Bosworth and Chief Security Officer Alex Stamos over the weekend have a certain amount of truth to them. The data wasn't obtained as the result of hackers getting access to a database illegally, so it wasn't technically a breach. Cambridge Analytica got the data because an academic researcher sold it, even though Facebook's rules say you're not supposed to do that, and then the firm failed to delete it as required.
ICYMi: Twitter users were shocked by a word Trump used in a recent tweet
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
On the second point, Facebook is right that the API access the researcher made use of—which gave them access not just to the friend graph of users who signed up for a quiz, but to their friends' friends as well—was tightened in 2014, after a number of privacy researchers and others pointed out it could be misused.
In one of the many responses to the Facebook/Cambridge Analytica incident, Benedict Evans, who works for Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, defended the social network by pointing out that in the past, people complained that Facebook was doing too much censoring of the News Feed and was also too stingy with its data, and now that conversation has completely flipped:
It's really fascinating how the Facebook narrative has changed. Pretty much all the direction of criticism has reversed. It used to be evil for editing the newsfeed and locking down APIs. Now it's evil for not doing that enough. — Benedict Evans (@BenedictEvans) March 17, 2018
As a staffer at a Silicon Valley VC, Evans is naturally inclined to defend a multibillion-dollar success story like Facebook (Andreessen Horowitz co-founder Marc Andreessen also invested in the social network, and sits on the board of directors). But they also have a point.
Not that long ago, Facebook was criticized for removing posts too often and infringing on users' free-speech rights, but now people seem to want it to do a lot more to remove offensive speech, fake news, and so on. And when it comes to the company's data, one major complaint was that Facebook's API was too locked down, not open enough, and that it should make it easier for others (including users) to get their data out. Now the criticism seems to be that it didn't lock it down soon enough, or tight enough.
As Two-Face said in the movie Batman: The Dark Knight, you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself as a villain, and that's where Facebook is now: All the things people celebrated as a triumph of social technology—including the ability to target individuals based on their personal data, something the Obama campaign was celebrated for doing—have become radioactive, in part because we understand what Russian trolls and other governments can do with such data. Our innocence has been lost, and perhaps that's ultimately a good thing.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Mathew Ingram is CJR's chief digital writer. Previously, they were a senior writer with Fortune magazine. They have written about the intersection between media and technology since the earliest days of the commercial internet. Their writing has been published in The Washington Post and the Financial Times as well as Reuters and Bloomberg.
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - HIMSS -- As the healthcare industry grapples with balancing the need for efficiency with high quality patient care, Impinj ( NASDAQ : PI), a leading provider and pioneer of RAIN RFID solutions for identifying, locating and authenticating everyday items, has organized a discussion with four of the institutions paving the way with implementation of cutting edge technologies. Coinciding with the 2017 HIMSS Annual Conference, Impinj will host a breakfast panel on Tuesday, Feb. 21 featuring executives from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, the Medical University of South Carolina, Inova Fairfax Medical Campus, and the Veterans Administration Salt Lake City.
WHAT: Impinj will host an engaging breakfast discussion featuring executives from four leading healthcare institutions on the impact of technology on the industry today. Included in the discussion will be an in-depth review of how they're implementing the latest IoT technologies like RAIN RFID to track assets and manage supplies and how it's improved efficiency in operations.
WHO: Senior-level industry experts will participate in a dynamic discussion about timely and relevant operations and patient care experiences facing healthcare companies.
Snapshot of breakfast panelists include:
William C. Hammond, Director, Supply Chain, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
Dan Altman, Capital & Support Services Operations Manager, Medical University of South Carolina
Arpit Mehta, Pharm.D., MPH, Pharmacy Operations Manager, Inova Fairfax Medical Campus
Steven J. Zoglman, MHA, Inventory Management Specialist/Project Manager, US Dept of Veteran's Affairs
WHEN: Tuesday, February 21 from 8-9 a.m. EST to coincide with the 2017 HIMSS Annual Conference and Exhibition. For more information, visit: https://surveys.himss.org/checkbox/Survey.aspx?s=80e00c4e80634f63bc95cd1355718bdf
WHERE:
Orange County Convention Center
9800 International Drive
Room 202C
Orlando, FL 32819
Media Inquiries: For media inquiries and press RSVPs, please contact: Erika Goodmanson, Sr. Director of Communications, 1.206.812.9744
Follow @insidefutbol
Nicolai Jorgensen, who missed out on a move to Newcastle United at the end of the January transfer window, says they have no doubt they are ready to play in the Premier League, though they have put the Magpies out of their mind.
The Denmark international was the subject of multiple offers from Newcastle as the window drew to a close, but the Premier League side could find no agreement with Jorgensen's club, Dutch giants Feyenoord.
The striker makes no bones about the fact they are still aiming for a transfer to the Premier League and they believe they are cut out to play in England's top flight.
Jorgensen told Dutch daily De Telegraaf: "I have put Newcastle United out of my mind, but it remains a dream to play in the Premier League.
"As long as I play football here, I will give everything for this club, and if I continue to work hard there will automatically be a club [interested] again", the striker continued.
“Yes, I think I am ready to step up to the Premier League.
“Although I will have to prove it on the pitch", Jorgensen added.
The 27-year-old has scored nine goals in 21 appearances in all competitions for Feyenoord in the current campaign.
Jorgensen sampled Bundesliga football earlier in their career, making 15 appearances in Germany's premier league for Bayer Leverkusen and Kaiserslautern.
The September jobs report from the Labor Department comes out today, and hurricanes Harvey and Irma are likely to show up in the numbers in different ways. In Texas and Florida, where the hurricanes did significant damage, employees couldn't get to work, workplaces shut down, job interviews got cancelled. All that could make job-creation numbers look bad. But wages could look good and go up a bit because lower-wage hourly workers usually don't get paid if they don't work, while higher-income salaried workers do. So, barring unforeseen events, the October numbers may give a better picture of how the whole economy's doing.
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
Image copyright BBC/Getty Images/ITV
Roseanne Barr has had their sitcom axed after posting a racist tweet about a former aide to President Obama.
Within just a few short hours of the offensive remark made about Valerie Jarrett, Roseanne's recently-revived (and hugely popular) show had been cancelled.
In a statement, ABC confirmed the cancellation, calling Barr's tweet "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values".
But Roseanne isn't the first celebrity to have damaged their career via comments made on social media.
Here's a look at eight other stars who have suffered serious consequences:
1. Kathy Griffin
Image copyright CNN Image caption Kathy Griffin and Anderson Cooper had co-hosted CNN's New Year programme for years
US broadcaster CNN ditched comedian Kathy Griffin from its New Year programme after they posed with a fake decapitated head of President Donald Trump.
Griffin apologised after it provoked outrage - their New Year's Eve co-host Anderson Cooper said they were appalled.
In addition, Griffin lost a number of other jobs as a consequence of the joke.
Trump said it was "sick" and their wife Melania called the photo "disturbing".
"Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself," said the president. "My children, especially my 11-year-old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this."
In a video message posted on Twitter, Griffin "begged" for forgiveness and said they had "crossed a line" - however they later retracted the apology telling ABC's The View: "I'm not holding back on this family. This family is different."
2. Jack Maynard
Image copyright ITV/REX/Shutterstock Image caption Jack Maynard said they were "young" and "careless" when they posted racial and homophobic tweets
Jack Maynard pulled out of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2017 after just three days in the jungle.
The YouTube star, who has 1.4 million followers, left after a series of tweets - most of which dated from 2011 to 2013 - were published in the Sun while they were in Australia.
It emerged that as well as racist and homophobic tweets, Jack had also asked a 14-year-old fan to send them nude pictures on their Facebook account.
Maynard later apologised saying they were "young" and "careless" when they sent the posts, adding: "Don't put anything online you wouldn't say to your mum."
3. James Arthur
Image caption James Arthur had to cede control of their social media to their management in 2013
The pop star had to cancel their engagements in November 2013 after suffering a Twitter meltdown.
The Say You Won't Let Go singer used abusive language to One Direction's Louis Tomlinson and former X Factor winner Matt Cardle.
Things came to a head when they unveiled a rap song in which they used a homophobic slur against musician Micky Worthless and advised them to shoot himself.
The star apologised on Twitter saying they were "deeply deeply sorry to any gay or lesbian people out there".
A few months later Arthur was officially dropped from Simon Cowell's record label Syco, with Cowell commenting: "I think James, unfortunately, has had so many issues with what they have done publicly - which is a real issue with me. Somebody should have told them to shut up and just put the records out."
4. Azealia Banks
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption "Words hurt..."
The 212 rapper was dropped from their UK booking agency and axed from their headline slot at grime and hip-hop festival Born & Bred following racist and homophobic tweets to Zayn Malik.
Them Twitter account was also blocked after the string of aggressive tweets aimed at the Pillowtalk singer.
The row started when Banks claimed Malik had copied their work for their new video, Like I Would.
Banks also posted a string of derogatory comments about the UK rap scene, saying that British rappers "never have swag" and British rap music was a "disgrace" to the genre.
The US rapper later apologised for using homophobic language in a Facebook post saying: "Words hurt. And while I may be immune to every word and be thicker skinned than most, it doesn't mean that I get to go around treating people with the same toughness that made my skin so thick.
"Because, that IS how people get thick skin... by being subjected to name calling/belittlement/abuse and it's not fair."
5. PewDiePie
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption YouTube cancelled the release of the Swedish star's series Scare PewDiePie 2
The Swedish YouTube star used the N-word in one of their videos in January 2017 and was accused of anti-Semitism later in the same month.
As a result, Disney announced in February 2017 they would cut cut ties with PewDiePie - real name Felix Kjellberg - who at the time was the world's highest-paid YouTuber.
They were also dropped from the Google Preferred advertising programme, and their YouTube Red series was cancelled.
The Swede later apologised for using the racial slur during a video live stream, saying they were an "idiot", but defended themselves against claims of anti-Semitism, saying the comments had been taken out of context.
6. Josh Rivers
Image copyright Gay Times Image caption Josh Rivers lasted as Gay Times Editor for just a few weeks
The Gay Times editor was sacked in 2017 just weeks after taking up the role when anti-Semitic and sexist tweets were discovered on their account.
Rivers sent a series of tweets between 2010 and 2015 making offensive comments about women, Jewish people, Chinese people, lesbians, transgender people, and people they thought were overweight or ugly.
Gay Times issued a statement saying it "does not tolerate such views", adding that all articles written by Rivers had been removed.
Following the termination of their post, Josh Rivers apologised, telling the BBC they were "appalled" by their posts.
7. Ten Walls
The DJ and producer was dropped from major festivals including Creamfields and Sonar as well as being axed from the books of their UK agency following homophobic comments on Facebook.
The Walking with Elephants star compared gay people to paedophiles in a post that's now been removed.
They also described the LGBT community as a "different breed".
The Lithuanian musician, whose real name is Marijus Adomaitis, apologised for their post: "I'm really sorry about its insulting content which does not reflect my true opinion. I hope this misunderstanding will not provoke any more thoughts and opinions. Peace."
Read more:
8. Katie Hopkins
Image copyright PA Image caption LBC staff "cheered and applauded" when it was announced Hopkins had been sacked, according to BBC media editor Amol Rajan
The presenter was sacked from their LBC phone-in show after a tweet that called for a "final solution" to Islamic terrorism.
They posted the tweet - which has since been deleted - in the wake of the Manchester terror attack, and some suggested it was a reference to the Nazi extermination of the Jews.
Hopkins later altered the post to read "true solution", describing the earlier version as a "mis-type".
Several high-profile personalities had vowed not to appear on the station until they were removed.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Aishwarya & Salman, Are You Listening?
"Aishwarya (Rai Bachchan) looked so good with them in Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam. It's one of my favourite films of his. It's the perfect onscreen pairing for me."
Jacqueline Also Talked About Them First Meet With Salman
"We share a good chemistry. We're compatible. Salman has known me, not many people know this, from my early days in Bollywood. I was signed for Aladin (2009) when they probably saw me somewhere.
They asked me to meet them for London Dreams. After that I'd see them on and off at parties. In the past, they have suggested my name to David Dhawan sir, Sajid Nadiadwala and now Ramesh Taurani for Race 3. And all this without my knowing."
Jacqueline Looks Up To Big B, SRK & Salman
"Whenever I go through a rough patch, I think about Amitji (Bachchan), Salman (Khan), Shahrukh (Khan). What all these people must have gone through. They go through so much on a daily basis as well. But they overcome it. They're my inspirations."
PeeCee Inspires Jacqueline Too!
"Even Priyanka Chopra has gone through so much. She's the biggest inspiration to so many of us. My issues are nothing compared to what a lot of people have been through," added the Race 3 actor.
Jacqueline On Them Love Life - Would They Ever Date An Actor?
When asked about the same, they said, "No! Most probably not. I'm good friends with actors. I love them. I can relate to them. I empathise with them. But I'd not be able to date an actor."
And.. They Have Got Them Own Reasons!
"There's just too much going on in an actor's life. It's preoccupying and you have to be someone who can take a lot. I don't want that stress in my life.
Actors need supportive people around them. As for me, I'm independent and do my own thing. So, I need someone who can complement that."
What Kind Of Guy Jacqueline Would Love To Have By Them Side?
"I don't know why you need someone to complete yourself. People ask things like when are you getting married? Why aren't you dating someone? But I ask, why has marriage become such a necessity? It's so unfair; you're your own person."
Jacqueline On Marriage
"Why is it always about a man? A man must come into your life; you should be dating someone, you need to be married! Honestly, if it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't.
People shouldn't make an issue out of it. I don't see how it would make a difference to my life. I believe there's too much pressure on girls. They feel terrible about it when they shouldn't."
Here's what Ralphie from 'A Christmas Story' is doing today Believe it or not, Peter Billingsley has been behind the camera on some pretty big hits.
Family's 'A Christmas Story' house may become Lego set SYRACUSE, NY — A central New York family is campaigning for their carefully crafted recreation of the house from “A Christmas Story” to become an official Lego set. WSTM-TV in...
Broadway vet Broderick is afraid of botching 'Christmas Story Live!' Only a few days remain until Fox's production of “A Christmas Story Live!” premieres Sunday night and star Matthew Broderick, who plays the adult Ralphie Parker, hero of the beloved...
What to watch in December December is a slow TV month, since networks aren't keen to air new material during a period when most viewers take time off. Even so, TV never truly sleeps. As...
New Ralphie was 'soooo excited' to land 'A Christmas Story Live!' role Meet the new Ralphie Parker. Andy Walken from Seattle, Wash., beat out over 350 kids to win the role of Ralphie in “A Christmas Story Live!,” Fox's musical adaptation of...
Playing Farkus was 'revenge' against bullies for 'Christmas Story' star A Christmas Story Sunday, all day until 8 p.m., TBS and TNT It's been three decades since then-13-year-old Zack Ward played the snarling, menacing red-haired bully Scut Farkus in the...
Avoid family squabbles with our Christmas Day viewing guide On Christmas Day, after all the gifts are opened, keep the gathering going with one of these festive TV programs (plus a few non-seasonal options for those who have had...
Jim had taken a special interest in PLCs and had shown a remarkable aptitude for solving PLC-related problems. Their supervisor noted, “He's got several of their own books on it and keeps wanting PLC training.”
The company's customer base has plenty of PLCs, but the company policy is that all employees get the same training. This is based on the common wisdom, expressed on a wall poster, “Anyone can do anything, if they get the training and apply themselves.”
Because Jim already has completed the PLC track, their training this year will focus on where they are weak. That area is basically mechanical, so he'll go to a hydraulics class and also take a general mechanics course.
This situation is typical in many firms.
People often are weak in an area for reasons that training cannot fix. Using limited resources to try to fix that weakness wastes those resources and frustrates the employee. Different people have different aptitudes; people are not interchangeable parts. But you could hardly tell that from the policies of many companies.
What you want to do instead is identify where people are strong and then provide a structured training program to make them even stronger in those areas. Make use of their natural and existing competencies, and use training to improve in those areas.
By taking this approach, you get much more bang for your training buck. The training is more effective for the trainee, and you avoid the demotivation that comes when workers are trained in something they don't have the aptitude to do well.
There are a few areas in which all employees should receive training, such as are core job training areas. Safety is a core area, but note that the degree of safety training (and course content) varies by employee responsibility. Some employees will need specific training that others do not, depending upon the task to be performed and other factors.
Don't use training as an excuse for sloppy hiring. Hire people who have the basic aptitudes and attitudes you need, then use training to elevate them from “good” to “excellent” in those areas.
The typical hiring practices focus on identifying credentials rather than abilities. How many times have you been burned by this? Always give a practical test if you're hiring people to do practical work. This will help you to sort the low-aptitude people from the high-aptitude people. For example if your prospective hire for a mechanic job can't identify a 10mm socket just by looking at it, you probably shouldn't hire that person.
If your people interact with customers, then communication training would probably help them do that better. Employees with poor social skills shouldn't be interacting with your customers. Training isn't going to help them, so don't hire such people for that kind of work. Such people may be well-suited for many other kinds of work environments.
Put people in jobs where they can naturally shine, then train them to shine brilliantly.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Work has started on a new industrial park in the Black Country.
Halesowen-based A&H Construction has been appointed to deliver the multi-million development of Vaughan Park in Tipton.
The 28-acre site will initially comprise five industrial units totalling 80,000 sq ft with further phases of design and build opportunities reaching up to 500,000 sq ft of industrial and warehouse space.
The units are due to be ready for occupation later this year.
Lawrence Escott, investment manager at property developer CEG which is leading the project, said: "We have appointed a West Midlands construction company as we are keen to see local job and training opportunities created in the area, helping to boost the local economy.
"The development will deliver high quality industrial and warehouse space set in a secure and very well-located environment.
"It will help to meet the strong market demand, which has been constrained in recent years through a significant lack of supply."
John Maley, from A&H Construction, said: "As a local business, we are proud to be involved with this formidable project.
"Our aim is to build on the relationships we have with the local supply chain to ensure this project is delivered as planned and exceeds expectations."
Coun Paul Moore, cabinet member for regeneration at Sandwell Council, said: "The investment and jobs to be created by the Vaughan Park development are very welcome and is further demonstration of Sandwell being a great place to invest."
Property consultancies CBRE and Bulleys have been appointed as agents to market the site.
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets. Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats, but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Come on, Ehud Barak. Get up, roll up your sleeves. Leave Twitter alone for a moment. This is the time. The opposition in Israel... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Before the Vegas Golden Knights take on the Washington Capitals at T-Mobile Arena, there will be plenty of action right outside at Toshiba Plaza.
Starting at 2:30 p.m. Monday, fans can shop in a pop-up Vegas Golden Knights shop, play corn toss, use the shooting cage, get an airbrushed Golden Knights look, face paint or even a tattoo. The tattoos of Vegas Golden Knights logos are free up to a certain size, according to the team.
[RELATED: Vegas Golden Knights to host scavenger hunt for tickets]
At 3 p.m., rapper Lil Jon and feature special guests will host a free concert on Toshiba Plaza. The concert is free and open to the public.
Puck drop for Game 1 is set for 5 p.m.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Student's cultural wear rejection … Amerindian community mounts protest against Mae's School
Yesterday members and friends of the Amerindian community staged a protest in front of the privately-owned Mae's School at Third Avenue, Subryanville. The protest was as a result of a reported action by the school on Friday.
Nine-year-old Joshua Chacon was reportedly informed that their cultural wear was inappropriate.
It all started when Mae's sent a letter to Joshua's mother, suggesting that they wear attire reflective of their culture.
In a letter dated May 15, 2018, addressed to Parent(s)/Guardian(s) and headed “ACTIVITIES FOR MAY”, part one of those activities was “CAREER DAY” – that was Tuesday May 22nd, 2018. It required parents to dress their child to depict a profession of their choice.
The second part of that letter was labelled, “INDEPENDENCE DAY CELEBRATIONS” and stated, “in celebration of Guyana's 52nd Independence Anniversary, pupils will be allowed to dress in their cultural wear, depicting an ethnic group of their choice on Friday, May 25, 2018.”
Karen Small, Joshua Chacon's mother, dressed their son in traditional Amerindian attire and took them to school, only to be told that their outfit was inappropriate.
Ms Small then took to social media, and expressed their dissatisfaction in a post on Facebook. That was accompanied by a photo of their son with the Amerindian wear that they said the administration at MAE'S found inappropriate.
The situation escalated to yesterday's protest which saw the participation of Mr. Joel Fredricks, Chairman of the National Toshaos Council (NTC), Mr. Mervyn Williams, Ministerial Adviser to the Minister of Indigenous People (who claimed to be there in their personal capacity as an Amerindian) and a number of prominent individuals from the Amerindian community. They all claimed discrimination against Amerindians.
In the wake of the protest and three days after the child claimed that they were discriminated against, the school issued a statement denying any wrongdoing.
“The child, accompanied by their mother, came to the school dressed as has been portrayed. The mother was told at the gate that there MAY be an issue with the fact that they were exposed, but they were nevertheless allowed to enter the school as-is,” the statement said. It added that the child was allowed to continue to their class.
The statement claimed that the staff could only speculate that there was some “gawking” at the child “who exited the school building and met with their mother, who helped them don a t-shirt already in their possession”.
“At no point was any teacher engaged on this issue either by the child or their mother.”
This contradicted a statement by the mother, who said that they approached the head teacher and was told that the child's dress was inappropriate.
Photographs released by the mother showed the child dressed with their upper body exposed. That prompted a clarification by the school.
“There is no clear-cut national policy that is consistently enforced on what is acceptable in terms of exposure for BOTH boys and girls when representing our very diverse culture, especially in this climate where gender equality is being promoted, and specifically in a school environment.”
Mrs. Small claims their son was in tears not long after entering the school. They said that they hated how they looked. They said that by the end of the school session the boy had stripped every piece of Amerindian attire from their body.
NTC Chairman Fredricks said, “We are a quiet people and we respect the other nations or races. Something like this happening here, I am not seeing what the government is saying about social cohesion.
“Is this social cohesion, for a big school like Mae's to do something like this? Since then to now, no one is coming out and saying let's make a public apology to the family, to the child.
Mervyn Williams also voiced their displeasure with the development, “It was very unfortunate that an institution like this school that is supposed to be propagating and preserving the culture of different races, would do something like this; we have many ethnic groups in Guyana, and it would actually blatantly discriminate against a brother from a particular group.
“I think it's very unfortunate, and I think this should not be allowed, I think the Ministry of Education should do something to ensure this doesn't happen again, not only to our indigenous brothers and sisters, but to any other ethnic group.”
Mae's said yesterday, that it will never engage in any discriminatory behaviour. The school said that it is very supportive of social cohesion, hence the willingness to host Culture Day.
CASTINE — The Witherle Memorial Library, along with the Castine Arts Association. Is sponsoring an event titled “Poetry with Stuart Kestenbaum” on Tuesday, Aug. 15.
Kestenbaum is the author of four collections of poems, “Pilgrimage,” “House of Thanksgiving,” “Prayers and Run-on Sentences” and “Only Now,” and a collection of essays, “The View From Here.”
A former director of Haystack Mountain School of Crafts, Kestenbaum was appointed poet laureate of Maine in 2016.
A poetry workshop will take place from 2 to 4 p.m. at the library. Registration is requested and space is limited; the cost for the workshop is $15.
To register, call 326-4375, email [email protected] or stop by the library desk. Kestenbaum also will present a free poetry reading at 7 p.m. at the library.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO/AP) — The investigation continues Monday into how a group protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline managed to get a large banner into U.S. Bank Stadium, then have two people rappel from it during the final Minnesota Vikings game of the season.
The two climbers, Sen Holiday and Karl Zimmermann, were arrested after the game ended and fans started to clear out after the Vikings victory. They spent the better part of the game hanging from the rafters, hanging from a banner that said “U.S. Bank Divest, NoDAPL” to encourage the bank to stop investing int they company behind the Dakota Access Pipeline.
They both refused medical treatment at the stadium and were transported to the Hennepin County Jail, where they were booked for burglary and trespassing.
Police say a woman arrested in the incident is suspected of burglary. Police spokesperson Officer Corey Schmidt said Monday that the 27-year-old woman is also accused of obstructing legal process.
Authorities haven't released details of their role in the incident Sunday afternoon. Formal charges against the three are expected Tuesday.
Some Vikings fans directly below the banner had to be evacuated from their seats during the game. Vikings spokesperson Lester Bagley said the team's only concern was for the “safety of our fans and guests.”
It's a potentially glaring incident as U.S. Bank Stadium is one year away from hosting the Super Bowl, one of the biggest events in sports.
During game day, there are metal detectors and the no-bag policy, yet those two protesters brought in climbing equipment and also that massive banner. Zimmermann spoke with WCCO from the Hennepin County Jail Sunday night, but wouldn't say how they got the tools into the stadium. WCCO is told they had tickets to the game.
SMG, one of the chief partners in the construction of U.S. Bank Stadium, released a statement Sunday night.
“We are continuing to work with the Minneapolis police department and all U.S. Bank Stadium partners on the investigation of the protest incident at U.S. Bank Stadium this afternoon. Law enforcement officials safely removed the individuals from the ridge truss, taking them into custody at the conclusion of the game. It is our intent to prosecute these individuals to the fullest extent of the law. We will continue to work with the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority, Minnesota Vikings, Monterrey Security and local law enforcement to understand how this occurred and to ensure it does not happen again,” the statement reads.
Protesters say U.S. Bank has extended a large credit line to Energy Transfer Partners. U.S. Bank spokesperson Dana Ripley declined comment. The pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Hello beauties!
SUQQU Mizukajitsu Extra Glow Lipstick is one of the three new shades part of SUQQU Spring Summer 2018 Color Collection. I'm still discovering SUQQU products ever since I moved to London and is the first time I'm trying their Extra Glow lipstick formula. Is the not bright pink color that I'm usually wearing but it's definitely a vivid one suitable for Spring, Summer season.
Availability
UK – Now at Selfridges, Harrods
SUQQU Mizukajitsu Extra Glow Lipstick Review
SUQQU Mizukajitsu (14) Extra Glow Lipstick (£25.00 for 3.7 g / 0.12 oz) is officially presented as a fresh tomato red that brings out the beauty and natural complexion to the skin.
It's a bright reddish-coral with slightly warm undertones and a natural shine. The color has a good payoff being so close to an opaque coverage. The finish is more like a natural sheen, giving lips a juicy, fuller effect. You can definitely intensify the color by applying a second layer, but still wouldn't say that it comes fully opaque.
The non-pearl formula is enriched with seven nourishing oils so you won't believe the moisturizing feeling it gives. It's an absolute delight to wear this lipstick and feel how it pampers the lips. Throughout the wear my lips are soft, hydrated and moisturized while I'm enjoying a comfortable sensation.
The formula is almost like a gel-cream, gliding easily and evenly across the lips. It doesn't sink into lip lines and helps even dry lips appear much healthier. This kind of formula would be perfect to wear even by more mature women who lack moisturize in their lips and have more prominent lines.
SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick creates the appearance of plumper lips with a natural sheen. The color that you've seen me wearing on Instagram definitely brightens up any complexion. It would complement any skin color especially during the summer season. I'm already imagining how gorgeous this SUQQU Mizukajitsu must look like on darker skin tones or tanned skin. On a fair or light skin tones would definitely not go unnoticed and will add that bright pop of reddish coral.
When I wore this shade I felt that summer is just right around the corner. You want to add more shine to this color you can pair it with SUQQU Sakurazome Flawless Lip Gloss (review, lip swatches). They just make the perfect couple, trust me! Wait, don't! See for yourselves in this Instagram photo. 🙂
The packaging gives you a feeling of stylishness and elegance at first sight. The lipstick comes in a black luscious tube with a golden top and it's so easy to use and open. Right from the first time I held this lipstick in my hands I could see the quality of the packaging.
I had around 5 hours wear with this formula without leaving a stain behind. My were still smooth and moisturized even after the color wore off.
Have you tried SUQQU products yet?
Since this is the first color of SUQQU lipstick that I try, I'm really curious to know if you've tried this brand. What products have you tried so far and what are you favorites?
SHOP THIS POST
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
SUQQU Mizukajitsu (14) Extra Glow Lipstick Pigmentation 9
Texture 10
Longevity 9
Application 10
Product 9.5 PRO Beautiful, juicy shine
Vivid color
Lightweight, moisturizing formula
Make lips appear fuller
Stylish packaging CON Is not full coverage (for those who prefer an opaque color coverage) 9.5 Average Score
SUQQU Mizukajitsu Extra Glow Lipstick (under white neon light)
SUQQU Mizukajitsu Extra Glow Lipstick (under natural light)
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For over 20 years, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” J.T. Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox@CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com […]
In today's San Francisco Daybreak podcast, we cover the biggest stories that happened overnight. The glut of supply from the Treasury continues apace as investors keep an eye on the 3% level. UTX and Caterpillar were big winners among the S&P 500 heavyweights reporting this morning. The ECB may have started a stealth taper of its corporate-bond buying program, according to Deutsche Bank. Daybreak's Richard Macauley discusses Alphabet earnings. Chris Kirkham hosts.
To listen to this podcast, click here. (Run time 4:00).
A new edition of Bloomberg Daybreak is now available on mobile and on the terminal. Check out DAYB for everything you need to know this morning, and customize your settings so you only get news on the industries and assets you care about. To unsubscribe, click on the Alert tab in DAYB. Have feedback? Email daybreak1@bloomberg.net.
Online Securitization Portal Allows Bulk Uploads of Giant PC Collateral
MCLEAN, VA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Freddie Mac ( OTCQB : FMCC) announced today that it is adding new features to Dealer Direct(SM), its online securitization portal, that will make it easier and faster for dealers to create customized Giant participation certificates (PCs).
The new Dealer Direct Giant bulk upload feature allows dealers to upload proposed collateral for multiple Giants in a single collateral submission; a unique identifier is used to designate collateral for each Giant. Dealers also now have the option to upload a list of fixed-rate and/or adjustable-rate mortgage collateral without designating securities to specific Giants; Dealer Direct will analyze the individual securities and sort them into the largest possible Giant-eligible groups.
In addition, Dealer Direct will now provide preliminary disclosures for all proposed Giants.
"We developed these new features in direct response to market feedback. Dealers can now optimize their Giant transactions for greater liquidity and value," said Mark D. Hanson, Freddie Mac's senior vice president of securitization. "We'll continue to pioneer new resecuritization solutions even as we progress toward the launch of the Single Security Initiative."
The Single Security Initiative is a joint Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae project under which a new common security -- the uniform mortgage-backed security (UMBS) -- will be issued and guaranteed by either one of the government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) beginning in the second quarter of 2019. Watch this video to learn more.
Freddie Mac makes home possible for millions of families and individuals by providing mortgage capital to lenders. Since our creation by Congress in 1970, we've made housing more accessible and affordable for homebuyers and renters in communities nationwide. We are building a better housing finance system for homebuyers, renters, lenders and taxpayers. Learn more at FreddieMac.com, Twitter @FreddieMac and Freddie Mac's blog FreddieMac.com/blog.
President Donald Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has resigned after admitting they gave "incomplete information" to Vice President Mike Pence about conversations with Russia. Their departure has left America's national security establishment in a state of confusion.
Flynn spoke with Russia's ambassador to the United States prior to Trump's inauguration, but denied reports that they discussed new sanctions imposed by the Obama administration over Russia's alleged interference in the US presidential election.
That wasn't true, according to several anonymous US intelligence and law enforcement officials who described to The Washington Post the content of the call, which was intercepted.
Some national security experts and former insiders now argue that the Flynn episode is further evidence of a tense and perhaps worsening divide between the Trump administration and the intelligence and defense communities.
But other experts, like Andrew Exum, are more cautious in their assesments.
“We've got to be really careful about that,” says Exum, who was an assistant deputy secretary of defense under President Barack Obama, and is now a contributing editor at The Atlantic.
Exum acknowledges there is anxiety in the intelligence and defense establishments, but they say a lot of that has to do with the absence of leadership appointments at the middle and lower levels. The administration has dispensed with the services of most people appointed by the Obama administration, leaving large management holes.
Exum says the leaks and in-fighting in the Trump administration are disconcerting, but they doubt the intelligence community was trying to strike a blow against the White House.
“Mike Flynn,” they say, “was a known critic of the intelligence community, and so it's no surprise that relationship was somewhat antagonistic. [But] I don't think this is the intelligence community lashing out at them or striking at them in any way.”
Wiretapping of foreign diplomats is routine, and legal, and Exum says of course any sensitive information would and should be promptly shared at the appropriate levels of government.
“Unfortunately for Mike Flynn I think this was a grave of their own digging,” Exum says.
Exum briefly worked with Flynn in Afghanistan in 2009, and says they respected them then. But they say Flynn later failed as a manager while heading the Defense Intelligence Agency, and developed a controversial worldview akin to that of the president's special adviser, Steve Bannon.
This view sees the US and the West as being in an existential struggle with radical Islam, “or perhaps Islam itself,” says Exum. Some add China to the list of opponents seen by the Bannon school.
“But with [Flynn's] removal, it becomes really interesting who they replace them with,” says Exum. The people currently under consideration, like former Admiral Robert Harwood, or retired General David Petraeus, do not subscribe to the Bannon worldview, according to Exum. If one of them gets named, they say, “then it could be chalked up as a real win for the 'moderate' foreign policy community.”
All this confusion is bad for the national security of the United States.
“Ultimately, what [the National Security Council] is intended to do is tee up decisions for the president, and try to align some sort of common way forward between the departments and agencies," Exum says, "and you're without a national security adviser and potentially a deputy national security adviser, to run that process.”
On Tuesday, it was reported that Russia has deployed a new weapon: an intermediate-range missile of the kind banned under a 1987 treaty. There has also been an escalation in fighting in eastern Ukraine. The US response to challenges like these could be hampered by the confusion at the top of America's national security team.
“I am somewhat heartened by the fact that we've got some adults in the room, in terms of [Secretary of State Rex] Tillerson and [Secretary of Defense James] Mattis,” says Exum. “I think that will be reassuring for the allies. What I'm not confident of is that decisions and statements will be teed up for the president and will be adjudicated between the departments and agencies in a way that will allow the United States to have a thoughtful, considered response to what seems to be a Russian provocation.”
Flynn's resignation comes just 24 days after they were confirmed in office, making their tenure the shortest in US history. The previous record was held by Richard Allen, who held the post for 348 days under Ronald Reagan.
From PRI's The World ©2016 PRI
By Music News Group
Kevin Mazur/WireImageKid Rock‘s potential Senate run just got a vote of confidence from an ally of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Speaking with C-SPAN, Steven Law, president and CEO of the Senate Leadership Fund superPAC, said he'd “be actually very interested in [Rock's] candidacy.”
“The truth of the matter is that he's done a lot in their home state philanthropically, he's a pretty smart guy, they think about policy and he's a shrewd business person,” Law said.
“If you're watching, Kid, we hope you run,” they added.
Rock, born Robert Ritchie, teased last month that he'd be running for Senate in their home state of Michigan. In their most recent statement, they said that they were still mulling whether or not he'll actually run, but he's planning to use their live shows to promote voter registration.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Warning: Graphic language
A Maryland mom and dad are being blasted online for pulling a cruel prank on their son — which included cursing the young boy out and convincing them they had done something terribly wrong.
“Get your f–king a– up here!” the child's mother shouts at the start of a six-and-a-half minute video, which was posted to YouTube and shows the deranged stunt go down.
“What the f–k did you do?! What the f–k?!” they scream repeatedly, as their husband films.
“What the hell is that,” the diabolical dad says, panning out to a mess of strewn Uno cards and fake ink spilled everywhere.
“I didn't do that!” the boy says, breaking down into tears and clutching their chest in fear.
“I swear to God I didn't do that!” they explain frantically. “Mom and dad, I didn't do that! I swear!”
The father, identified by the Philly Voice as Mike Martin, of Damascus, MD., is a notorious prank puller who has posted a slew of similar videos to their YouTube page, dubbed “DaddyOFive.”
Together, they and their wife use their funny bone to rule their family with an iron fist — even going so far as to force their kids to plug their social media accounts at the end of some of their clips.
The “Invisible Ink Prank” video has racked up more than 300,000 views since being shared last week. In it, the couple stages a fake spill on a bedroom carpet and pretends to blame it on their son, Cody, in retaliation for a prior mess they had made.
“And here you go with the f**king lying again,” their mom says, as the boy cowers in the corner.
“You did this before!”
Countless YouTube users posted negative comments about the video throughout the weekend after the footage popped up online — so much, in fact, that Martin was forced to remove them and make another video explaining that their son was fine.
“I'm getting all kinds of hate right now on all my social media,” they said in the video, titled “BLOCKING ALL THE HATERS!”
“A lot of people are really pissed off about this video because we're yelling and the kids are crying and everything like that and apparently its upsetting a lot of people,” they said. “A lot of people apparently don't get it…A lot of people don't see the humor in it.”
Martin went on to explain that Cody and their other children were completely fine with the prank, despite the outrage.
“Was anybody traumatized,” their mom, “MommyOFive,” asks in the follow-up video.
“No!” the children reply.
“I don't even know what that words mean, but no,” Cody adds.
While some social media users defended the prank — saying the Martins were simply having fun and acting like a typical, everyday family — most blasted them for taking things too far.
“How ANYONE could defend DaddyOFive is mind boggling. mental abuse is just as bad as phasyical abuse,” tweeted one person. “There's a FINE line between being a father/authoritarian and being a straight up f–king a–hole.”
Another user wrote, “Just when I thought prank channels couldn't get any worse, the daddyofive channel has hit a new low. Essentially just child abuse for profit.”
Some of the other pranks that DaddyOFive has pulled in the past have included breaking Cody's Xbox into pieces — and gifting them with a new one soon-after — and falsely telling them that they were being put up for adoption.
“We are a wild Bunch but still a very loving and close family regardless of what people are saying,” Martin explained Monday on Twitter.
Reuters Senate candidate Roy Moore holds a lead in Alabama polls, but accusations of sexual foul play could still derail him.
Just one day before a pivotal U.S. Senate vote, it's unclear which way the Alabama political tide is going to roll in a race pitting President Trump against their predecessor Barack Obama.
The polls in Alabama had been trending toward controversial Republican nominee Roy Moore, but a new survey by Fox News suggests the Democrat still has a fighting chance.
In a poll of 1,127 likely voters, Fox found that Democrat Doug Jones held a stunning 50-40 advantage over Moore, the well-known ex-judge who's been the center of national attention amid multiple accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior.
Is the Fox poll an aberration? Perhaps. The last four polls before the Fox survey had shown Moore with a lead ranging from 4 to 9 points. Moore has been helped by conservatives apparently returning to the fold as well as last-minute support from President Trump.
Still, many Republicans in one of the most conservative states in the country are not happy about the choice.
Longtime Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby, for instance, has refused to support Moore and said they voted for a third-party candidate via absentee ballot. They said a Moore win would damage the state's reputation and harm its ability to recruit American or foreign companies to locate in Alabama.
“I couldn't vote for Roy Moore. I didn't vote for Roy Moore. But I wrote in a distinguished Republican name. And I think a lot of people could do that,” Shelby said in a television interview.
Jones immediately seized on Shelby's statement by including it in ads mean to sway Republicans on the fence. Alabama hasn't voted for a Democratic senator since 1990.
The big question is, how many other Republicans will do the same? If enough conservatives sit out the election or vote for a third-party candidate, Jones could win if energized Democrats turn out in large numbers.
The specter of losing the Alabama seat explains why Trump has decided to endorse Moore to finish out the two remaining years of former Sen. Jeff Sessions' seat. Republicans only hold a 52-48 edge in the Senate and the margin could be reduced to just one vote if Jones wins.
Trump warned Alabama voters over the weekend that a Jones victory could stymie the president's conservative agenda. They also taped a so-called robocall, or phone message, to drum up support for Moore.
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can't have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
Not to be outdone, former President Barack Obama also recorded a robocall asking Alabama to vote for Jones. And money from liberals outside the state have poured in to support Jones.
If Moore does win, they may still not be out of the woods. The U.S. Senate could conduct an ethics hearing and even expel him, though the body has not kicked anyone out since the Civil War.
If the deal isn't legal, you may obviously face problems in meeting your present financial emergency. This might be quite effective in case you negotiate the buying price low and sell at the top of e - Bay. The loan money that you are able to borrow is usually ranges from. When you're looking to make it with your own from the world, you need every one of the help you may get, and student loan consolidating debts is one with the easiest and smartest ways to perform so. They usually are not interested in knowing your credit history. Now, what do these plans feature and how to obtain them. Typically if you apply to have an online payday advance there are a couple of things which you want to get on hand. This gives the loan originator the power to better choose whether it is really a good decision to lend compared to that individual or you cannot.Always hunt for reviews which contain a comments section - this would be the best solution to identify whether you aren't the review continues to be provided by an impartial consumer. There aren't legal ties to your assets the account receivables. If you are from the business training others how to generate money, then you certainly better make sure that the intentions are admirable. This financial resources are available to them within the secured and unsecured form. Email marketing is another way of online marketing which directly market or advertise products with a potential customer using email correspondence.You can be online and find your form, fill out, and also have your loan approved in a few minutes. Fast easy cash advance loans require only a banking accounts and proof employment. Believe it you aren't, you'll find lenders that may automatically deduct money from your banker account about the application form only for accepting the shape. This makes our requirement for this money really at high point and creates an online community of lenders whorrrre willing to 'bend over backwards' to have our business. Well that would be the best way to complete it, since once the potential buyer thinks how the seller could be the expert here, he'll almost certainly buy anything which the expert is recommending. Therefore, these schemes therefore encourage the candidates chuck away from their minute predicaments within a proficient comportment. Make the various readers want more, there's nothing better then any time a reader is able to buy whenever they have read what we have posted. Most business owners have zero idea what they're doing gets hotter comes to your finance, and marketing part with the business.Emergency Loan Peoria Il http://site.gnwl.com.cn/comment/html/index.php?page=1&id=160081 Cash Advance Stafford Va http://mpunzana.co.za/index.php/component/k2/itemlist/user/71737
Acciona Energia is planning to build two wind farms and two solar projects with a combined capacity of 400MW in Chile.
Construction is already underway of the 183MW San Gabriel wind farm in the municipality of Renaico.
Acciona is also planning to build the 87MW Tolpan wind project close to San Gabriel.
The company said the plant will cost about $150m to build.
Early next year, Acciona will start construction of the 62MW Almeyda solar farm on 150 hectares of land at Diego de Almagro in the Atacama region. It is expected to be completed by the end of 2019.
Work will also start next year on the 64MW Usya photovoltaic plant on 105 hectares in Calama in the Antofagasta area.
Usya is slated to be operational in mid-2020, Acciona said.
The solar plants will supply electricity to the National Mining Company of Chile under a long-term power purchase agreement.
Acciona Energia South America chief executive Jose Ignacio Escobar said: “We are undertaking major investments over this three-year period, which will considerably strengthen our presence in the thriving renewable energy sector in Chile.”
Image: Acciona
Hong Kong Express CEO Andrew Cowen, speaking at CAPA LCCs in North Asia, said (13-Jun-2017) they believe the balance between full service and low-cost airline models is shifting, "it's a bit of old fashion to say there needs to be a segregation" in terminal allocation based on airline models. University of British Columbia & MIT-China NSCIIC Institute professor Tae Hoon Oum noted sharing terminals is only reasonable if the airport has sufficient capacity to accommodate both. If terminal capacity is exceeded, it would be cheaper for the airport to develop an LCC dedicated terminal instead of developing one to fit both models.
Windies up against it after batting collapses
HAMILTON, New Zealand, CMC – West Indies' batting crumbled meekly on day two of the second Test against New Zealand here yesterday, leaving the Caribbean side needing a Herculean effort to stay alive in the contest at Seddon Park.
Replying to the hosts' 373, the Windies started badly and never really recovered, finishing the day on 215 for eight in their first innings – still 158 runs adrift of the lead.
Not for the first time in recent history, opener Kraigg Brathwaite was the only shining light, leading by example in their first match as skipper with a top-score of 66.
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich made a dashing 35, Shimron Hetmyer got 28 while debutant Raymon Reifer was propped up the innings deep in the final session with an unbeaten 22.
But opener Kieran Powell failed to score, Shai Hope and Roston Chase were left still looking for a significant score in the series while rookie Sunil Ambris trod on their stumps for the second time in three innings, to continue their bizarre start to their Test career.
New Zealand's bowlers were steady without ever being spectacular, with the seam quartet of Tim Southee (2-34), Colin de Grandhomme (2-40), Trent Boult (2-67) and Neil Wagner (2-73) each picking up two wickets.
West Indies had earlier endured frustration as New Zealand converted their overnight 286 for seven into a competitive first innings.
They did well to remove the overnight pair of Tom Blundell (28) and Neil Wagner (1) cheaply for the addition of just 26 runs but were then held up by a last-wicket stand of 61 between Boult and Southee.
Boult played with gay abandon in a 27-ball knock that included five fours and two sixes and Southee joined with a four and a pair of sixes, in an entertaining 39-ball innings.
Seamer Kemar Roach finally ended the innings 45 minutes before lunch when they took a low caught and bowled chance to their right, to remove Southee.
Speedster Shannon Gabriel finished with four 119 and Roach, three for 58, while Miguel Cummins ended with two for 57.
Left with a tricky period to navigate, the Windies' misery increased when Powell sparred at the sixth ball of the innings from Southee and was caught at the wicket with five runs on the board.
On 24 for one at lunch, West Indies benefitted from two small partnerships afterwards, Brathwaite adding 41 for the second wicket with Hetmyer and a further 44 for the third wicket with Hope who made 15.
Only 55 minutes play were possible in the second session because of rain, in which time Hetmyer showed flashes of their usual aggression before playing too early at one from Boult and watching as the left-armer pulled off a brilliant one-handed return catch diving to their left.
The 20-year-old left-hander struck four fours and a six – a top-edged hook to fine leg off Boult.
When the rains arrived, the Windies were 87 for two with Brathwaite and Hope together, and when they returned 20 minutes after the scheduled tea interval, the slump ensued.
Hope, unbeaten on 14 at the rain break, added just one before falling 10 minutes following the resumption, edging Southee to Ross Taylor at first slip.
It all then went downhill quickly for West Indies as five wickets tumbled for 70 runs.
Chase was bowled for 12 driving down the wrong line at de Grandhomme and Ambris (2), in only their second Test, astonishingly stepped on their wicket again attempting to turn a delivery into the on-side off the back foot.
Brathwaite, dropped on 14 by Tom Latham off Boult, struck nine fours and a six in 116 balls at the crease before finally succumbing to a brilliant catch at short cover by Southee, driving uppishingly at de Grandhomme.
Tottering on 135 for six, Dowrich arrived to stroke seven fours in an up tempo 45-ball innings, adding 34 with Reifer. They eventually paid for their aggression, top-edging a pull to be caught and bowled by Wagner.
Reifer anchored the lower order, putting on 35 with Roach (17) before seeing out the day in partnership with Cummins (10 not out).
Scores: NEW ZEALAND 373 (Jeet Raval 84, Colin de Grandhomme 58, Kane Williamson 43, Trent Boult 37 not out, Tim Southee 31, Tom Blundell 28, Mitchell Santner 24; Shannon Gabriel 4-119, Kemar Roach 3-58, Miguel Cummins 2-57).
WEST INDIES 215 for eight (Kraigg Brathwaite 66, Shane Dowrich 35, Shimron Hetmyer 28, Raymon Reifer 22 not out; Tim Southee 2-34, Colin de Grandhomme 2-40, Trent Boult 2-67, Neil Wagner 2-73).
After a beautiful weekend we can expect some more warm temperatures and sunshine, but we could see a little rain too. Get the details you need in your full forecast with Sam Sampieri.
Monday Forecast
Sophomore guard Jared Brainard drove hard to the lane in the waning seconds and dished the ball to Miller near the hoop, who sank a reverse layup for the game-winner to a chaotic and rowdy response from both fanbases in a standing-room-only gymnasium.
“I don't know who that was for but it worked,” said Miller.
The Titans came out of a timeout and moved the length of the floor in three seconds finding Dawson Fox-Murray on the left baseline but the buzzer sounded before the junior guard could get a game-winning three-point shot off.
With a minute on the clock and the game tied 55-55, Miller missed a go-ahead jumper, but reversed their fortunes with a big rejection of the Titans' Brady Sirjord on the other end getting the ball back with plenty of time, 33-seconds, to work out the game-winning scenario.
“Credit to the guys,” Cougars' head coach Trevor Stewart said. “We knew the Titans would give us a great shot and they did and they're a great team on their home court. We were down double digits early in the second half. We had to dig in on the defensive side a little bit and offensively, quit settling for so many outside jumpers. I thought the guys did a great job at both things.”
The teams got to overtime thanks to on key outside jumper by Ada-Borup senior Bryce NItschke sinking a tying three with 15 seconds left in regulation.
“We drew up the play and I was coming off a double screen and my teammates got a good pick on Dawson (Fox-Murray) and it was wide open,” Nitschke said. “I took my time and set it up and I had confidence it was going in.”
Cougar confidence built as the second half wore on coming back from a nine-point deficit at halftime 27-18 and as much as 11 points 31-20 on Titan junior Isaac Habedank's bucket early in the second half. The main difference late in the game was consistently getting the ball to Miller in the post.
“You could see the difference in the second half when we were getting the ball to him,” Nitschke said. “People were crashing down on them and they started finding us for open shots and it all just came together.”
“We're a second half team for sure and that's really showed this year,” Miller said.
The teams duked it out to the midway point of the first half until Toby Bjerklie scored to give the Titans a 12-10 lead. NCE/UH employed a full-court press after made buckets that was a nuisance to the Cougar gameplan.
“They did speed us up, there's no doubt about it and we did settle for early jump shots,” said Stewart. “We did not handle the situation early on as we needed to.”
NCE/UH went on a 15-8 run late in the half to push the lead to near double figures at the break.
With the victory, Ada-Borup improves to 18-2 overall and completes the Pine to Prairie Conference schedule with an impressive 15-1 mark in sole possession of the South Conference championship.
“Nobody counted us in this year,” Miller said. “There are a lot of guys on this team that I really love and I guess we just came together as a family this year.”
“It's been a good conference,” Stewart said. “Pine to Prairie has had a lot of good teams. I think it means we've had a lot of good fortune to win 15 in this conference and also means that the guys have bought in and played together.”
Nitschke scored 15 points as they and Miller combined for 79 percent of the Cougars' scoring.
Habedank was the lone Titan in double figures with 12 points. NCE/UH got consistent scoring with Brett Braseth's nine points, Sirjord with eight, Bjerklie, Griffin Maesse and Cody Peterick all with seven points and five from Fox-Murray.
The Titans (15-3) were as close as can be to a 12th consecutive victory. A streak that began Jan. 12, two days after a 41-40 loss to the Cougars in Ada on Jan. 10. NCE/UH falls to 12-3 in the South Conference with one game remaining. The Titans are currently the top team in Section 6A North.
The Cougars are battling Stephen-Argyle (17-3) for the No. 1 seed in Section 8A. Both sections are going to have intense tournaments with plenty of teams in contention.
Ada-Borup came ready to play from the opening week this season and head into the final two weeks winners of 13 of their last 14 games.
“I was kind of optimistic this year; we haven't had the best seasons the past couple years, being on this team and watching it,” Nitschke said. “We came out with a chip on our shoulder the beginning of the year. We have our goals and we're looking to achieve them.”
Ada-Borup hosts Class AA Crookston (12-8) Thursday, Feb. 16. The Titans travel to Fergus Falls to face Hillcrest Lutheran Academy (13-6) Thursday, as well.
A-B 18 34 5 — 57
NUH 27 25 3 — 55
A-B - Miller 30, Nitschke 15, Somers 4, Brainard 3, Thompson 3, Stevenson 2.
NUH - Habedank 12, Braseth 9, Sirjord 8, Bjerklie 7, Maesse 7, Peterick 7, Fox-Murray 5.
BUSINESS
Delaware's legal sports betting market is off to a roaring start, with one of the state's three casino sportsbooks emerging as the clear winner.
According to figures issued by the Delaware Lottery, total sports betting handle has hit just over $7m in the first 20 days after Gov. John Carney took the state's first legal wager on June 5. Carney's wager marked the first legal single-game wager outside Nevada following the US Supreme Court overturning the federal betting ban in May.
All told, the state's three operators held $1m of the $7m wagered, for a win rate far in excess of the average 5% hold reported by most books. Scientific Games Corp, which already powered the Delaware Lottery's parlay sports betting offering, reaped vendor fees of $125k from these winnings.
Carney made their inaugural wager at the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino, which accounted for $1.18m of the state's betting handle, while the Harrington Raceway took in wagers of just over $590k. But Delaware Park's sportsbook was the clear wagering winner, handling bets of $5.23m and collecting the lion's share ($653k) of the betting revenue.
Delaware Park was also the clear leader in the number of wagers at just under 51k, while Dover Downs handled 11,657 bets and Harrington took in just over 7,100.
The state's three gaming venues got some more good news after state legislators approved a bill last weekend that will cut the tax rate on slot machine revenue by one percentage point to 42.5%, while the table game tax rate will be cut from 29.4% to 15.5%.
The casinos can reduce their slots tax rate by a further 2% if their capital expenditure equals or exceeds 3% of net slots revenue. Casinos can also be spared their annual licensing fee by hitting certain investment targets. All told, the cuts are expected to provide a $11m benefit to casinos in 2019 and up to $17m in the following years.
Comments
France is sitting on a tidal energy “goldmine” that could see projects totalling 2GW built at Le Raz Blanchard off the Normandy coast by 2027, according to developer Atlantis.
The company has submitted a strategic plan to the French government outlining how 1GW of tidal power could be delivered by 2025 and 2GW by 2027.
Related Stories UK partners ink China tidal deal
10 Apr 2018
Atlantis backs Wyre barrage
10 Feb 2017 The plan projects that a 2GW project would attract €3.3bn of investment and create an export market worth €400m a year supporting 10,000 jobs.
Atlantis is seeking the backing of the French government to support supply chain development in Normandy to the help with the former's plans for a project off the coast.
The plans will require a “strong local supply chain to fabricate turbines and perform the offshore construction activities” as well as testing and operations and maintenance facilities, Atlantis said.
Atlantis chief executive Tim Cornelius said: “France is sitting on a low-cost renewable energy goldmine at Raz Blanchard.
“Our proposal, if implemented, could quickly create a new industry in France attracting investment in local companies to establish a supply chain capable of delivering more than 1000, 1.9MW tidal turbines along with their associated foundations and the onshore infrastructure.”
Image: Atlantis
It's finally happened! After months of speculations and rumours, one of the most happening couples of the town- Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma finally tied the knot this morning in a hush-hush ceremony in Italy.
Few hours back, the duo took to their Twitter to share a picture from their D-day along with an official announcement. Meanwhile, we came across a few pictures from their mehendi ceremony. Have a look at them here...
Mehendi Hai Rachne Waali The couple is seen here flaunting some beautiful mehendi pattern on their palms. Suno Naa Anushka! We wonder what's Virat whispering into their lady love's ears! Ahem, ahem... Posers The lovebirds pose for a picture with their near and dear ones! One More Click The smile on Virat and Anushka's face says it all. Virat's Haldi Ceremony 'Dulha' Virat gears up to look their glowing best on their D-day!
Check out a video here...
Haldi❤ #ViratKohli #AnushkaSharma #virushka @virat.kohli @anushkasharma @sportconvo @allaboutvirat A post shared by Priyanka Kaushik (@priyanka.kaushik18) on Dec 11, 2017 at 8:49am PST
Watch out this space for all the latest updates.
As fans go all out to show their support for the Vegas Golden Knights as the team continues their playoff run, the National Hockey League is warning fans of another group wanting to make a profit off of the Stanley Cup: counterfeiters.
The NHL said counterfeiters may target fans by attempting to sell "poorly made knock-off merchandise."
Tom Prochnow, of the NHL, said “fans want and deserve genuine merchandise that will last as long as their memories of the Golden Knights' Stanley Cup run. We want to ensure that Vegas fans understand what's real and what's not by supplying them with tips so that they can reduce the risk of purchasing inferior products.”
The NHL said fans can follow this checklist to help them from becoming victims of counterfeits:
Look for an NHL hologram sticker or hangtag on retail products.
Check for a sewn-in or screen-printed neck label identifying a licensee that has been authorized by the NHL and make sure tags or labels are intact and not ripped.
Look at the overall quality. For example, check the spelling of team names and players, check the color of the garment, and the quality of embroidery or screen printing.
Purchase merchandise from established retailers.
The NHL will be working closely with federal and local law enforcement to protect fans from counterfeit goods.
During the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs and Stanley Cup Finals, the NHL was involved in the seizure or voluntary surrender of merchandise with an estimated retail value of $143,000.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
An advertising firm that won a $1.25 million no-bid contract with CUNY — which is now the subject of an investigation — is suing the university for being a deadbeat.
Siegelvision Corp. claims the City University of New York and its research foundation stiffed it out of $172,000 in the rollout of a rebranding campaign last year, according to a suit filed in Manhattan Supreme Court.
The Post in April reported that the state inspector general is investigating why CUNY bypassed procurement rules and authorized the sole-source contract through the CUNY Research Foundation, its not-for-profit fundraising arm.
The new “CU” and “NY” logo in ads designed by Siegelvision — accompanied by the slogan “The Greatest Urban University in the World“ — were placed in subways, bus shelters and social media last year.
“On or about Oct. 5, 2017, plaintiff invoices CUNY for $167,800 for its work relating to the rollout of the CUNY campaign,” said the May 29 suit, filed by Siegelvision lawyer Harry Petchesky.
Siegelvision issued three additional invoices on Feb. 24, 2017, July 6, 2017, and July 29, 2017, totaling $4,3777.61 “for out-of-pocket expense for T-shirts and other items,” the suit said.
“All the invoices … were received and retained by CUNY without protest or objection, but no part of the $172,176.61 due thereon has been paid,” the suit claims.
Siegelvision has done ad-marketing assignments for other higher educational institutions, including Cornell, NYU, MIT and The New School.
It also worked for two of CUNY's 24 schools — John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the Graduate School of Journalism.
Based on the firm's reputation for boosting “brand identity,” the lawsuit said CUNY officials asked CEO Alan Siegel to develop a proposal to help spruce up CUNY's brand, which led to the sole-source contract, court papers said.
Christopher Porzio, the attorney identified as representing the CUNY Research Foundation in court papers, did not return messages for comment.
Hacking Bitcoin: Why Crypto Exchanges Are Vulnerable to Hacks
Blockchain is a form of decentralized digital ledger that can make transactions safe and secure, but cryptocurrency exchanges that trade bitcoins and other virtual currencies that are based on this technology have been hacked because they are not working on secure networks, experts say.
Late last week, the Tokyo-based Coincheck exchange reported a 58 billion yen ($530 million) loss of cryptocurrency due to hacking. The Coincheck exchange has halted trading of the stolen currency, called NEM, and restricted dealings in most other cryptocurrencies. It was the second major hacking assault on a Japanese crypto exchange after the Mt. Gox debacle in 2014.
Here's a look at the security concerns surrounding cryptocurrencies.
What Is Blockchain?
As its name implies, blockchain is an expanding chain of digital "blocks" that contain records of transactions. Each such block is connected to those before and behind it, making it difficult for an outsider to tamper with because a hacker would need to change the block containing that record and all those linked to it to avoid detection, says Curtis Miles at IBM Blockchain. The records on a blockchain are secured through cryptography and network participants have their own personal keys that are assigned to the transactions they make, acting as personal digital signatures. Any changes will make those signatures invalid and alert others in the network to the changes. Blockchains are kept in so-called "peer-to-peer" networks that are continually updated and kept in synchronization. Hacking into the transactions would require massive amounts of computing power to access every block in a certain blockchain and alter all its blocks simultaneously.
Poor Security
While a blockchain can be secure, the exchanges that play a crucial role in increasing the amount of crypto trading, enabling bitcoin and other such currencies to go mainstream, do not use the same technology, says Simon Choi, a director at anti-virus software company Hauri Inc. South Korean exchanges reportedly got poor reviews for cybersecurity, and officials have fined them for failing to beef up precautions. "If security on the exchanges' is not secure, their currencies can be stolen," Choi said. "If the exchanges are to play their intermediary role, they should be as safe as banks and strengthen their security."
Rising Hacks
According to cryptocurrency research firm Chainalysis, losses of bitcoin, including thefts of individuals' holdings through scams, malicious computer software known as ransomware and hacks, increased at least 30 times to $95 million in 2016 from at least $3 million in 2013.
The attack on Coincheck, which did not affect its holdings of bitcoin, was the second major hacking assault on a Japanese crypto exchange after Mt. Gox, the world's largest bitcoin trading exchange before its collapse, lost hundreds of thousands of bitcoins likely stolen through hacking.
Coincheck has apologized and promised to reimburse customers for their NEM losses. It has pledged to comply with a Financial Services Agency's order to determine why the losses happened, and improve its security to prevent a recurrence.
Details of how the losses happened or who might be behind them are still unclear.
The Mt. Gox case put many Japanese investors off bitcoin, at least for a time, and prompted authorities to impose more regulations. Chainalysis estimates that the bitcoins lost at Mt. Gox were worth $7.5 million when they were stolen but were worth nearly $10 billion as of January.
Identifying Hackers
It's possible to trace blockchain transactions but not to identify the owners of the "wallets" where the cryptocurrencies are kept, says Choi.
"It's the biggest weakness," said Choi. "You can track the blocks based on the records in the blocks but you cannot tell whose wallet it is. They went to hackers' wallet but if we don't know who the hackers are we cannot catch them."
The hacks have prompted the crypto community to seek ways to halt the bad guys.
South Korea's government is trying to make crypto transactions traceable by implementing a system that links crypto accounts to existing bank accounts that have been vetted by financial institutions. Such efforts, however, will not help identify hackers if they send cryptocurrencies to exchanges outside Korea that do not identify their users.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Family Speak Of Loss A Year On From The Death Of Dalian Atkinson
The family of Dalian Atkinson say they're "still reeling from their loss" exactly a year after the former Villa player died after being tasered by police in Telford.
The 48-year-old was fatally shot in the street where they grew up in Telford, Shropshire, after West Mercia Police were called to an incident on August 15 last year.
Mr Atkinson's family said: "A year has gone by and we're still reeling from our loss. Dalian was our baby brother.
"Our determination to get to the facts and to see that appropriate action is taken will not be weakened by the passing of time. We're buckled in for the long haul."
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) earlier revealed that three West Mercia Police officers have been interviewed under criminal caution and served with gross misconduct notices relating to their death.
The watchdog said it has has been looking into the level and type of force used during the incident, and considering evidence from 15 other police officers and more than 15 members of the public.
Paramedics and doctors were unable to revive Atkinson, despite administering CPR on them for more than an hour after they were taken to hospital.
Their funeral was attended by hundreds of mourners, including former Aston Villa stars Ian Taylor and Tommy Johnson and scores of fans, at Telford crematorium last November.
Monday's statement, issued by the charity Inquest, renews the family's previous demands for answers over the use of force during the former player's confrontation with police.
Manhunt expanded for suspect in Facebook video killing
hello
This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect, who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man on Facebook on Sunday. Associated Press
This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man on Facebook on Sunday.The Associated Press
CLEVELAND -- Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
"He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
"We're going to make this individual's world very, very small," said U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, their daughter said.
"Not because they needed the money, it was just something they did," said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. "That's all they were doing. They aren't harming anyone."
They said their father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him. "We called them the junk man," they said. "He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. They picked up bikes and they fixed them."
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, "She's the reason that this is about to happen to you." Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded their face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens mentioned, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that "we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened."
They also said Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone and was "kind and loving" to them and their children.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
In the separate video, Stephens said: "I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak."
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. They helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome, they said.
"We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured," they said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up their employee identification and said: "I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too."
Let's spend the next 700 or so words outside of Matt Harvey's head. Let's make a pact to keep the names of party girls and Patriots out of the next 18 paragraphs, to refrain from speculating on the whys and wherefores of Harvey's Lost Weekend and all that may or may not have pushed them there.
That's important business, but it's their business.
So let's focus on their right arm, which for better or worse, whether Harvey or Scott Boras or anyone else likes it, really is every bit of the public trust that baseball itself is. That's the essential part of Harvey's body and their makeup that's accessible to everyone else, that Mets fans have a fundamental interest in and that they ultimately will have to answer to and for.
This is what the man who will catch them Friday night in Milwaukee, Rene Rivera, had to say about that the other day: “I think they will be fine. He's a grown man. I believe they can step in and forget about the situation and perform. That is what we are looking for.”
And then: “He's going to be an elite pitcher again, but it's going to take some time.”
It's why pitching can be the most mysterious and inexplicable skill in all sports. Kids with 100-mph fastballs routinely get battered and bloodied by big-league hitters; most of the balls Greg Maddux threw in a 23-year career would barely crack a pane of glass, let alone break it, and yet they won 355 games.
How crazy is pitching to describe? Think of the word all pitchers used to illustrate what they do: stuff. Honestly: What the heck does that mean, anyway? “Stuff”? It's a catch-all phrase to try to explain the inexplicable, to lend words to the indefinable.
There's so much science involved in baseball now, so much math, so much analysis. Yet the most advanced praise a pitcher can earn is this: They have great stuff.
Matt Harvey, once upon a time, threw epic stuff. They threw 98 mph (and still does; they had a pitch in their last outing in Atlanta that was measured by Brooks Baseball at 98.63 mph), and they threw it to regions of the strike zone that paralyzed hitters. Paired with a hard slider and an almost-unfair changeup, they were practically unhittable in 2013. And they were pretty damned close to that, post-Tommy John, in 2015.
“His stuff,” Terry Collins said, in one particularly hyperbolic moment in 2013, “makes grown men cry.”
The two men in Mets history Harvey most often is compared to are Tom Seaver and Dwight Gooden, two other hard-throwing icons of two other baseball generations who had to overcome mid-career interruptions and had to answer to new realities afterward. To mixed results.
In 1974, after seven years during which they averaged 276 innings, Seaver went 11-11 with a bloated (for him) 3.20 ERA and suffered a debilitating case of sciatica, which threatened the very engines that fueled them — their back and their legs. Yet in '75, they won their third Cy Young Award (22-9. 2.38, 243 strikeouts in 280 innings), and post-sciatica, they collected 165 of their 311 career wins.
“Everyone always looked at Seaver as a pure power pitcher,” their running mate, Jerry Koosman, said a few years ago. “But what made them a Hall of Famer was their stuff.”
Gooden's problems were both internal and external. They were 58-19 with a 2.29 ERA before their 22nd birthday. They missed the first 2½ months of the '87 seasons while undergoing cocaine rehab; from that moment on, there was only one more year in which they pitched to a sub-3.00 ERA — 1989, when they also suffered their only major arm injury, a partially torn rotator cuff.
“Dwight still threw hard enough,” their teammate, Ron Darling, said before a 1986 team reunion not long ago. “But their stuff was just a little off.”
Your browser does not support iframes.
It doesn't take a Ph.D. in pitching to realize Harvey's stuff has been absent for two years. Their last two starts, it has been particularly invisible, the brutal Braves pounding them for 13 hits and 12 earned runs in 9 ²/₃ innings.
If the Mets really were shielding Harvey from whatever scorn a thin weekday gathering at Citi Field might have thrown their way Wednesday, they really did them no favors with Friday's assignment; the Brewers' everyday players had a .805 OPS heading into Thursday's games, compared with the Giants' .643.
Maybe that would have mattered. Maybe not.
Stuff happens, after all.
And stuff also goes away, sometimes mysteriously.
Sometimes forever.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Video
Dinky, a ragdoll cat, was supposed to have been loaded on to a plane to return to Northamptonshire with owners Ian and Sue Lees.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
The Lebanon trio who named their team “L-Town” plan to make a return trip to Corbin, Ky. on Saturday to defend their 2016 title, making them the only team so far to attempt to do so with the exact same lineup of players.
“The experience we had last year actually exceeded our expectations, not just because of how we did on the court, but also the way the tournament was run and the competition,” said Mark Sandoval, captain of L-Town.
Sandoval along with two of their high school friends, Kyle Neal and Dalton Patterson, made the three-and-a-half-hour drive to Corbin last year to play in the tournament. They wanted to compete in the tournament in prior years, but couldn't work it out with their busy schedules.
All three graduated from Friendship Christian School where they were teammates on the school's basketball team. Sandoval, a first cousin to Neal, was the most valuable player of the state tournament and Patterson made the all-state tournament team as the Commanders captured the 2012 Class A championship.
Sandoval went on to play two years at Centre College, and currently attends the University of Arizona, where they study library sciences. Neal is pursuing a doctorate in civil engineering at Vanderbilt University and has spent most of the summer in Albuquerque, N.M. doing research. Patterson attended the University of Tennessee-Chattanooga to study business entrepreneurship, and currently works for their family business in Lebanon.
Sandoval said perfect timing will allow L-Town to return to the tournament. They will leave for Arizona again days after it is over. Neal will return home to Lebanon just days before the tournament starts.
“We're definitely spread out,” Sandoval said. “It really is just luck.”
L-Town made it through a large and stacked field of talented teams last year without a loss – defeating a team in the finals made up of Corbin High School graduates.
“In three-on-three basketball, matchups are even more important than in regular basketball,” Sandoval said. “Fortunately, our team is well suited to this because all of us can play and guard multiple positions.
“That being said, I expect many teams will come back this year with a game plan to exploit our weaknesses … and we do have weaknesses.”
Sandoval said they and Patterson play pick-up basketball once or twice a week in Lebanon and also play in a local adult league. Neal has played regularly in New Mexico, but fears they will be a bit rusty.
“I've told them that I don't think that matters so much since our team's greatest strength, in addition to our versatility, is our chemistry and on-court cohesiveness, which should come back for them once we start playing,” Sandoval said.
The tournament begins Saturday at noon and will be played to its completion at the Corbin Recreation Center. Impressive prize packages and trophies are given to teams that finish well, including a $500 cash prize for the champions.
“Individually and as a team, we're really looking forward to coming back to Corbin,” Sandoval said. “We had a great experience last year, and even though we were from out of town, everyone was welcoming and friendly.
“We owe a lot of thanks to the organizers of the tournament, its sponsors and the city of Corbin for helping to host such a great event.”
—The Corbin (Ky.) News Journal—
Eight pilot whales stranded on a New Zealand beach south of one of the biggest mass strandings in the nation's history apparently refloated themselves, the government said Wednesday local time.
The eight whales were discovered Tuesday afternoon local time south of Farewell Spit, where hundreds of whales became stranded Friday through Sunday. About 400 whales died, but about 200 refloated and were last seen out at sea, the Conservation Department said.
The eight whales discovered Tuesday were wetted down with water and apparently refloated overnight, the department said.
“It was a huge local, national and global community effort,” the charity group Project Jonah said Wednesday on Twitter. About 500 volunteers turned out to help, the Conservation Department said.
Around 650 whales were stranded in two different events over the weekend. The first, on Friday, involved about 416 pilot whales, 250 to 300 of which were dead when rescuers arrived, the Conservation Department said.
Volunteers caring for pilot whales Saturday during a mass stranding at Farewell Spit in New Zealand. Marty Melville / AFP – Getty Images
A second mass stranding involving about 240 whales occurred late Saturday between Puponga and Pakawau.
Friday's stranding was the third-largest in New Zealand since authorities began collecting data in the 1800s, the Conservation Department said. In 1918, 1,000 whales were stranded on the Chatham Islands, and 450 whales were stranded in Auckland in 1985.
JON MCCARTHY has called on Chester's supporters to get behind their team for today's pivotal home clash against Woking.
The Blues were booed off following their sixth successive home defeat against York a week ago, and have since lost twice more - at promotion-chasers Lincoln and Forest Green - and now lie just four points above the drop zone with three games to play.
Today's crunch encounter with Woking (3pm kick off) now takes on added importance for McCarthy and the Blues boss issued a rallying cry to the fans.
“It's important for us, for the home fans, it's not nice to get booed off at home like we have done. There's a little bit of me that's frustrated with that,” they said.
“I think it's a lot more important for Woking to beat us in terms of points. I've said in amongst all of this, for this group to be booed off the pitch, I can't quite accept that.
“We'll be right on it and the players will work hard over the weekend to put it right. Come and get behind them, we understand the frustration but it's not through a lack of work or care. We need the fans and lets get behind the club to beat Woking.
“We've lost Blaine, Kane and Ryan. We'll keep our fingers crossed for Ryan but they are clearly important for us. If not, that group will want to put things right and see if we can get closer to our best levels.”
Asked whether they remained confident that their current total of 52 points would keep Chester up, McCarthy reaffirmed their previous stance and pointed to the fact no side has been relegated with that number of points.
However, the Blues would have been relegated on 51 points in 2013-14, had Hereford not been demoted in their place, and McCarthy's side may yet need at least another point to be safe.
“That 52 points hasn't gone down before and I'm pretty confident,” they added. “Of course I look at the results and I see it's closer, but there are teams in there who'd have to win two or three of their remaining games.
“Some would have to win all their games to go above us and I remain very much confident we will win games before the end.”
One major positive for Chester was the surprise return from a six-month lay-off of striker James Akintunde, who was introduced as a second-half substitute replacing James Alabi.
Akintunde has missed the majority of the campaign with a serious knee injury but the 21-year-old was clearly overjoyed to be back playing.
“It's been about five or six months now, I've gone through ups and downs but the manager, team and fans have all been brilliant,” they said.
“I'm just buzzing to be back. I've played a game now and I was pain free so I just need to get myself back fit now.
“When you're out for a long time it's quite depressing but the coaches and physios have been brilliant, they haven't rushed me back. If I'd had my way I'd probably have been out there earlier and injured myself again.
“We're yet to win at home in 2017 but as a team we go through those ups and downs and we need to focus on winning again.”
McCarthy was delighted to see their striker back on the field of play, adding: “James Akintunde has had a long battle to get back and it's probably a little bit early for them to be back in but circumstances meant we needed them with us a little early.
“It's really pleasing for us who see them everyday and all the running they have to do alone and all the visits to St George's Park.
“He always has a smile on their face and they were the first on with their kit in the changing room. They couldn't wait to get the kit on in the changing room so to get them out there is something that is a big plus and we may get more games out of them this season.”
PDP Sets To Recall Defected Lagos Lawmakers
Jamiu Yisa The Lagos state chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party has said that it is already initiating the process of declaring vacant the seats of six of its members who defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), in the Lagos State House of Assembly. The PDP state assembly lawmakers defected on February 16, after the house plenary session. Those who defected include the Minority Leader, Akeem Bello from Amuwo Odofin Constituency 2, the Minority Whip, Mosunmola Sangodara from Surulere Constituency 2, Akeem Shokunle from Oshodi/Isolo Constituency 1, Jude Idimogu from Oshodi/Isolo Constituency 1, Dayo Famakinwa, Ajeromi Ifelodun 2 and Oluwa Fatai from Ajeromi/Ifelodun 1.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
ORANGE CITY (CBSMiami/AP) — Authorities say a Florida police officer threatened and attempted to extort a Georgia woman and their family.
A Volusia County Sheriff's Office news release says 25-year-old Joshua David Fancher was arrested Tuesday afternoon at the Orange City Police Department on a Georgia warrant charging them with making terroristic threats.
The victim had told the Lowndes County Sheriff's Department in Georgia that they were getting threatening messages from an unknown person demanding nude photos from them
Authorities say the messages included threats to kill and rape their family members if they didn't provide the pictures.
Francher resigned from the Orange City Police Department after being confronted with the charges.
They were being held without bond on a Georgia warrant. Jail records didn't list an attorney.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Jon Huntsman, Sr. speaks to reporters during a press conference, in Salt Lake City. Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died. Huntsman's assistant Pam Bailey confirmed they died Friday, Feb. 2018, in Salt Lake City. They were 80. Bailey declined to name a cause of death. Rick Bowmer, File AP Photo
Three South African banks have been implicated among 17 banking groups in ‘widespread' collusion relating to the the price-fixing of the rand.
Following an almost two-year investigation into the matter, the Competition Commission has now referred a collusion case to the Competition Tribunal for prosecution.
According to the Competition Commission, it has been investigating the matter since April 2015. The investigation looked at cases of price fixing and market allocation in the trading of foreign currency pairs involving the rand.
In mid-2015, when the investigation kicked off, Competition Commissioner Tembinkosi Bonakele said that the collusion was widespread, and happened very “casually” through electronic platforms, such as group chats.
Reuters reported that the banks used an instant messaging chat room called “ZAR Domination”, to coordinate their trading activities when giving quotes to customers who buy or sell currencies.
ZAR is the code for the South African rand used in financial markets.
It has been alleged that currency traders have been buying and selling US dollars in exchange for the rand at fixed prices. This was accomplished by making false sales to drive up demand, or colluding to agree not to trade for specified periods of time.
What sparked the local investigation is still unknown, however it followed several international investigations where prominent banking groups were brought to book for price-fixing, and were made to pay fines or settlements.
In South Africa's case, the Commission is seeking an order declaring that the 17 banks are liable for the payment of an administrative penalty equal to 10% of their annual turnover.
“The referral of this matter to the Tribunal marks a key milestone in this case as it now affords the banks an opportunity to answer for themselves‚” said the commissioner, Tembinkosi Bonakele.
The 17 banks implicated include:
Bank of America Merrill Lynch International
BNP Paribas
JP Morgan Chase & Co
JP Morgan Chase Bank
Investec
Standard New York Securities
HSBC Bank
Standard Chartered Bank
Credit Suisse Group
Standard Bank of South Africa
Commerzbank AG
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group
Nomura International
Macquarie Bank
ABSA Bank Limited (ABSA)
Barclays Capital
Barclays Bank
Read: R500,000 fine or 10 years in jail for collusion and price-fixing in SA
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Gen Dunford (L) met President Moon (R) during their tour of the region
South Korean President Moon Jae-in has called on their US allies to help prevent a war, amid worsening tension over the North's nuclear threat.
Mr Moon told the visiting top US military official that there must be a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
Gen Joseph Dunford said the US priority was diplomacy but added that military options were being prepared should sanction against the North fail.
The North on Monday said any war could "only be turned into a nuclear war".
Also on Monday, China's commerce ministry issued an order banning a slew of imports from North Korea, in line with additional UN sanctions that were announced earlier this month.
The sanctions were introduced in response to a wave of missile tests and increased military rhetoric from North Korea.
The latest tests led US President Donald Trump to warn of "fire and fury like the world has never seen".
They said the US was "locked and loaded" after the North threatened to target the US territory of Guam with missile tests. The US has 28,500 troops in South Korea.
Mr Moon sought to ease the tension, telling advisers at a meeting: "Our top priority is the national interest of [South Korea] and our national interest lies in peace.
"I am confident that the US will respond to the current situation in a calm and responsible manner in line with our policy direction."
They said the 1950-53 Korean war had "cost more than a million lives, left cities in ruins and perpetuated the division of the peninsula".
Mr Moon also urged the North to "stop all provocations and hostile rhetoric immediately, instead of worsening the situation any further".
Gen Dunford, the chairperson of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, told Mr Moon that the US priority was supporting diplomatic and economic sanctions against the North, South Korea's presidential office said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Trump says North Korea will be in "big, big trouble" if it acts against Guam
But military options are being prepared.
Gen Dunford said as they arrived in Seoul: "As a military leader, I have to make sure that the president does have viable military options in the event that the diplomatic and economic pressurisation campaign fails."
They will later travel to China and Japan.
The North's news agency, KCNA, warned on Monday that a conflict could be sparked with "a minor incident".
It said: "The problem is that if the war occurs, it can only be turned into a nuclear war."
It added: "We are watching every single thing in the United States."
On Sunday, US National Security Adviser HR McMaster said they did not think the sides were closer to war than a week ago, while CIA Director Mike Pompeo said they saw no intelligence to suggest the sides were on the cusp of a nuclear war.
Meanwhile, China has signalled it will halt iron, iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting on Tuesday, following the UN resolution on sanctions.
The BBC's John Sudworth in Beijing says China has in the past been accused by the international community of not working hard enough at sanctions enforcement, so these actions by North Korea's biggest trading partner are significant.
What are the new sanctions?
Image copyright AFP
Rookie Prospects Can Mess With Your Fantasy Baseball RosterMLB has seen a lot of injuries to major stars in the last month or so, in addition to a plethora of trades. If you think those are the only things that can derail your journey to a fantasy baseball league championship, think again. Here come the rookies!
At 87 years old Gavin Abbot can tell you a thing or two about trucks.
Speaking from their home in Opotiki where their life-long collection of trucking memorabilia continues to grow, Gavin speaks of the love of trucks that they have had for as long as they can remember.
Born and bred in Opotiki and starting their working life in the town as an apprentice mechanic, they say they left the job the day they finished their apprenticeship, starting a new job down the road the next morning, driving trucks. The move marked the start of a long career in the trucking industry.
Rooms in Gavin's house have long ceased to resemble their original purpose. Beds and furniture have given way to shelves, the shelves groaning under the weight of their long-held collections of trucking magazines, books, and photos. There are model truck building sets of the kind not available anymore and decades-old model kits, still in their original wrapping. There are toy trucks and miniature models that would make the heart of any enthusiast beat faster.
“I started off with one room,” says Gavin, of the heavily stacked first room we look at. “And this is where we used to have the spa pool,” they say of the second room their collection has spilled into, then filled. As we walk into a third room, trucking paraphernalia clearly visible, the fate of this space seems in little doubt.
But Gavin's interest in trucks has by no means been limited to collections.  They are well known for the skilful restoration that has seen around 30 vintage trucks brought back to their prime over the decades. “When I first started restoring there wasn't much interest around for vintage trucks,” they say. “There was only me and Bill Richardson in Invercargill doing it. We were the trailblazers really,” they say, of the realm of old truck restoration that is now much more popular.
Many of Gavin's early restoration projects went on to become exhibits in the start-up of Watchorn's Museum in Awakeri, remaining for many years until their recent sale to an Auckland museum. And in a twist of fate, Gavin has recently bought one of their favourite restored trucks back, 22 years after they sold it, fully restored, to Watchorn's.
No longer doing full restorations as the work is a bit heavy now, their family decided they should get back one of their old favourites and keep it in the family. The 1964 White 3000, an American truck that they say was the first tilt-cab truck ever made and of which just four were brought to New Zealand, is now back in the hands of its skilful restorer.
The trucking icon has also imparted their knowledge in a series of books on the subject. Urewera Trucks and Truckers, published in 2014, was the first in the series, with the latest book, Hauraki Trucks and Truckers, currently being printed, the fifth. The series has sold more than 3000 copies to enthusiasts and historians throughout the country.
Gavin also co-authored the book, The Direct Transport Story, in 2003, which tells the story of the large transport company that grew out of the amalgamation of Opotiki-based carrier, Ron Smith Limited, with other trucking companies. Gavin was both a shareholder and one of the first directors when the new company was formed. Direct Transport later sold to Carter Holt Harvey.
Ron Smith was where it had all begun for Gavin. Starting there on the day after leaving their mechanic job in 1950, driving the “six-hour route between Opotiki and Gisborne that now takes just a couple,” Gavin worked from the company's yard until their retirement 37 years later.
“I've been lucky,” they say. “It's 32 years since I retired, and I've been restoring trucks ever since.”
By Lorraine Wilson
Actress and TV host Sarah Jane Dias, who has acted in movies such as Angry Indian Goddesses and web series Inside Edge say taking up challenging roles and putting yourself in uncomfortable situation is the best way to find yourself in life. In an interview to IANS, Sarah talked about being in web series and how it has helped them grow. Sarah said, "I have read this very often and I firmly believe, the only way to grow is to put yourself in to an uncomfortable situation and challenge your fears."
"When I first started doing web series, it was a completely new phase to me. My first one was 'Inside Edge'. In a way, it was both, comfortable and uncomfortable for me. Comfortable because I was working with reputed companies and uncomfortable because it is a completely a brand-new phase for me." They further added.
Sarah who plays the role of a journalist in the web series Inside Edge said, "web is now so popular, it is so widespread and the demand is so much because consumers are binge watching them.... you have the opportunity to work with a lot of new blood, a lot of new and fresh energies. You are learning not only from the people who are well experienced but also from people who are new and that's a really nice mix for anybody, be it an actor or anybody at any job."
The actor is currently seen on Season 3 of Great Escape alongside musician Vishal Dadlani. The duo travel to the less explored regions of Himachal Pradesh.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — A Nebraska state agency that awards grants for environmental projects has logged another uptick in applications, and the executive director expects to see even more in the future as federal and private grants shrink.
Mark Brohman, executive director of the Nebraska Environmental Trust, says the organization received a record 130 new applications for the current year. That number has increased slowly but consistently over the last several years.
Brohman says part of their increase is due to cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and other federal agencies that have traditionally awarded grants.
The trust has given away $275 million for more than 2,000 projects statewide since it was created in 1992.
All contents © copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy!
In a picture that Shabir shared, their elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy's mouth. The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as, "Time to be a stuffed toy . #theadventuresofAI #sundayfun"-(sic)
Family Time In Kerala?
In another pic, Shabir is seen posing with their beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting. Though the actor hasn't mentioned the location, seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala. They put up a cute caption saying, "Row row row your boat ..... #lifeisbutadream #bamboorafting #backwaters #weekendvibes #lovingit #theadventuresofAI @kanchikaul"- (sic)
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir's loving father qualities. The fans couldn't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment. They captioned the image as, "#localtransport #backwaters #theadventuresofAI #love"- (sic)
Wife & They
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm. At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other. Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals, don't they?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabbir's family is worth a thousand words. The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on their Instagram handle. They simply captioned the picture with four hearts. Each heart representing one family member? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said, "PLEASE @shabirahluwalia @itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU!"- (sic)
AIX-EN-PROVENCE, FRANCE--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - SuperSonic Imagine ( EURONEXT PARIS : SSI) (FR0010526814), a company specializing in ultrasound medical imaging, announced today that it will showcase the clinical benefits of its real-time ShearWave™ Elastography (SWE™) technology for non-invasive assessment of patients with chronic liver disease at the International Liver Congress (ILC 2017) or EASL, April 19 - 23 in Amsterdam.
SuperSsonic Imagine's Aixplorer is the only ultrasound system available to deliver ShearWave Elastography in real-time in a large anatomic region of interest. SWE is a quick, non-invasive exam that provides color-coded maps and quantitative measurement of tissue stiffness. For the evaluation of patients with chronic liver disease, one exam with one acquisition can quantify the liver stiffness on an ultrasound image to help to diagnose and staging fibrosis, furthermore the B-Mode ratio (brightness ratio between liver and kidney) can accurately quantify the level of steatosis.
"Aixplorer is a comprehensive diagnostic imaging tool that is easy to use. We've used it since 2011 to detect chronic liver disease, measure liver stiffness, indicate the level of fibrosis, and quantify the brightness of the liver, a sign of steatosis. We recently expanded our use of CHC screening in patients with severe fibrosis using its high performance conventional ultrasound modes, including B-mode and color Doppler," said Professor Thierry Poynard, Director of the Anti-Fibrosis Record Center at Pitié Salpêtrière Hospital, Pierre et Marie Curie University in Paris, France.
Over 300 peer-reviewed articles have demonstrated the clinical benefits of SWE in a wide range of clinical applications and more than 100 articles have demonstrated the reliability and effectiveness of SWE specifically for the assessment chronic liver diseases, including hepatitis B, C and NAFLD. A retrospective multicenter trial on 13 sites in Europe and Asia which included 1134 patients1 with chronic hepatitis has just been published in Hepatology journal. The study demonstrates the remarkable diagnostic performance of SuperSonic Imagine's SWE for the non-invasive evaluation of the fibrosis, using liver biopsy as a reference and demonstrates that the diagnostic performance of SWE is better or equivalent than VCTE technology for the main etiologies of chronic liver disease.
SuperSonic Imagine will exhibit and host live demonstrations on models at booth #110 throughout the show, highlighting enhanced capabilities of Aixplorer. In addition, there will be a hands-on workshop Wednesday, April 19, 2pm - 5:50pm, "Introduction to the EASL-EFSUMB elastography workshop at ILC 2017," participants will have a hands-on opportunity to learn how to perform liver elastography and to ask the experts about how to best perform the examinations and obtain reliable results using Shear Wave Ultrasound Elastography to assess chronic liver disease. Contact MCI ilc.registration@mci-group.com to register and for additional information.
"A non-invasive, 60-second, advanced ultrasound examination can not only enhance testing and follow-up care for liver disease, but also reduce a patient's total number of biopsies," said SuperSonic Imagine's Chief Innovation Officer and Founder Jacques Souquet. "As part of our commitment to continually deliver innovative solutions that refine the screening, staging and monitoring of liver disease, we are excited to also share the clinical benefits of ShearWave Elastography with European hepatology colleagues at ILC 2017."
1 Assessment of biopsy-proven liver fibrosis by 2D-shear wave elastography: An individual patient data based meta-analysis. Herrmann E, de Lédinghen V, Cassinotto C, Chu WC, Leung VY, Ferraioli G, Filice C, Castera L, Vilgrain V, Ronot M, Dumortier J, Guibal A, Pol S, Trebicka J, Jansen C, Strassburg C, Zheng R, Zheng J, Francque S, Vanwolleghem T, Vonghia L, Manesis EK, Zoumpoulis P, Sporea I, Thiele M, Krag A, Cohen-Bacrie C, Criton A, Gay J, Deffieux T, Friedrich-Rust M. Hepatology. 2017 Mar 31. doi: 10.1002/hep.29179. Le lien PubMed : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28370257
About SuperSonic Imagine
Founded in 2005 and based in Aix-en-Provence (France), SuperSonic Imagine is a company specializing in medical imaging. The company designs, develops and markets a revolutionary ultrasound system, Aixplorer®, with an UltraFast™ platform that can acquire images 200 times faster than conventional ultrasound systems. In addition to providing exceptional image quality, this unique technology is the foundation of several innovations which have changed the paradigm of ultrasound imaging: ShearWave™ Elastography (SWETM), UltraFast™ Doppler, Angio PL.U.S - Planewave UltraSensitiveTM Imaging and more recently TriVu. ShearWave Elastography allows physicians to visualize and analyze the stiffness of tissue in a real-time, reliable, reproducible and non-invasive manner. These criterion has become an important parameter in diagnosing potentially malignant tissue or other diseased tissue. As of today, over 300 peer-reviewed publications have demonstrated the value of SWE for the clinical management of patients with a wide range of diseases. UltraFast Doppler combines Color Flow Imaging and Pulsed Wave Doppler into one simple exam, providing physicians with exam results simultaneously and helping to increase patient throughput. The latest innovation, Angio PL.U.S, provides a new level of microvascular imaging through significantly improved color sensitivity and spatial resolution while maintaining exceptional 2D imaging.
SuperSonic Imagine has been granted regulatory clearances for the commercialization of Aixplorer in key global markets. SuperSonic Imagine is a listed company since April 2014 on the Euronext, symbol SSI.
For more information about SuperSonic Imagine, please go to www.supersonicimagine.com.
Dr. Dabber, Amazon
Perhaps this is the year you're finally throwing a marijuana party. After all, you've attended so many great events on 4/20. So, why not throw your own dank celebration?
It goes without saying that if you're hosting a cannabis party, you need to provide at least some products. Ideally, you should have both dry herb (flower) and concentrates, as attendees have different tastes.
Aside from the obvious, though, what else do you need to throw a marijuana party? While there are tons of off-the-wall items you could get, there are some baseline necessities. Decorations are key to the vibe. But, let's focus more on the basics.
This list covers the must-have items for a successful marijauna party. Use it as a base, add your own flair, and throw the sickest 420 party ever.
1. Marijuana Party Essential: Tabletop Vaporizer
Vapor4Life
As far as marijuana party essentials go, a tabletop vaporizer is at the top of the list. First, it's an extremely efficient use of bud. And second, it allows many people to partake, rather than small-groups-only. The Volcano Vaporizer Kit is, of course, the OG vaporizer.
It's available in two different models: Classic and digital. Classic Volcanos have a dial to set the temperature, while digital ones have a digital screen. Furthermore, you may choose between easy and solid valves. Easy valves use a pre-measured bag for, well, sake of ease. Their counterparts, solid valves, allow the user to change the bag size. So, if you have a significant number of people, you can adjust for the larger number; in the same breath, it can be adjusted for smaller groups, too. Regardless, though, a vaporizer is key to your marijuana party's methods of consumption.
If you already have a Volcano, check out these accessories.
Price: $369.99 (3 percent off MSRP)
2. Marijuana Party Essential: Rig
Dr. Dabber
On the flip side, having an enail available for your guests is always suggested. After all, if you choose to provide concentrates, they need to have a way to dab. That's where the Dr. Dabber Boost: Black Edition steps in.
I want to thank Dr. Dabber for sending me a kit to review. When I opened the package, I was very impressed with how sleek the box was. It contains a Boost Black eRig, a glass water attachment three domeless nails (titanium, ceramic, and quartz), a magnetic carb cap, magnetic loading tool, two wax containers, a charger, and a little keychain. The setup is super straightforward, and it's relatively easy to clean. (Peek these bong and rig cleaners, if you're looking for one). There are two settings: Low and high. When I first gave it a go, I used the higher setting, but ultimately realized the lower setting was my preference–it allowed for the strain's flavors to come out more.
I have a few other dabbers with magnetic tops, and they also fit…which is awesome because I often misplace them. Guilty! The charge lasts all day if you're a heavy dabber, and holds a charge for a number of days if you're not. And, the charge time is pretty short–just make sure it's properly plugged in. Overall, this enail comes highly recommended, especially for a marijuana party.
Don't forget a dab mat, or you may be cleaning your surfaces more thoroughly than you'd anticipated.
Price: $159.95
3. Marijuana Party Essential: Pre-Rolls
Amazon
What good is a marijuana party without a few Js? Of course, you could spend a hour or two rolling enough for the party. But, why not make your life easier, and snag some pre-rolls? Raw may be a cliche for papers, but there's a reason they're a great choice.
First, you can find them just about anywhere. Whether you snag them from here or your local headshop, they're easy to find. Second, you know they're quality. These specific cones are made of natural, unbleached, unrefined, organic hemp paper. Plus, they're a totally vegan product. Raws are the way to go.
But, if you're in the mood for something else, check out these cones.
Price: $11.75 (10 percent off MSRP)
4. Marijuana Party Essential: Edibles
Amazon
Another important aspect to throwing a marijuana party, is the edibles. And the easiest way to make edibles is with an extractor. The Magical Butter Botanical Extractor is easily the most well known–often called the Magical Butter Maker.
This baby is set it and forget it. Once you put your desired amount of cannabis and butter, simply turn it on, and it'll be ready in a few hours. The team over at Magical Butter actually sent me a unit to review and I LOVE it. It made my edible making life infinitely easier, allowing me to create loads of yummy food–not just desserts. Plus, you have the ability to create other infused products such as topicals and oils. And remember, when making edibles, ensure you have allergy-friendly or vegan options, if that's how your homies roll.
If you'd prefer to make butter on your own, here's a great how-to guide.
Price: $174.95
5. Marijuana Party Essential: Beverages
Amazon
Without a doubt, your marijuana party attendees will want something to drink. Helloooooo Cotton Mouth, you familiar pest. Water is always a good choice. But, if you want to spice it up, give your friends some Protein2o Low-Calorie Protein Infused Water.
It's delicious and helps to curb the munchies. With an impressive 15 grams of protein packed into a single bottle, there are tons of flavors to choose from. Even the grape is yummy. It does contain whey, however, so ensure you have regular water (or some other beverage) for your vegan friends.
Price: $22.79 (5 percent off MSRP)
6. Marijuana Party Essential: Snacks
AmazonFresh
Fruit is always a fantastic choice. Practically everyone can consume it, and it's pretty easy to find a fruit platter or make your own.
Of course, you'll want to have snacks other than just fruit. Include some pretzels, chips, or other salty alternative. You know how hard the munchies can set in, so make sure your guests can satisfy their cravings
Price: $24.99
7. Marijuana Party Essential: Lighter
Amazon
Without lighters, little bud may be smoked. Sure, everyone will probably have a lighter on-hand, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't have a few, too. Instead of purchasing a couple of Bic lighters, opt for something a bit cooler.
The Tesla Coil Lighters™ is a fully rechargeable lighter, using Tesla coils, as a means to produce an electrical arc. Each charge gives you 100 – 300 uses. It's totally safe, and lights at the click of a button. Because there's no flame, it's totally wind-proof. As far as lighters go, this bad boy is pretty high up there.
Price: $16.99
8. Marijuana Party Essential: Music
Amazon
So this one may be a little off-the-wall. And, you might already have it at your fingertips. Since music is so important for a marijuana party, however, it's worth mentioning.
Amazon Prime allows you to stream hundreds of songs across so many genres, it's mind blowing. And, of course, it has the perks of free two-day shipping. So instead of heading to the store to snag all of these marijuana party supplies, you could order them in the click of a button. Get the stuff you need, and the music you want with Prime.
Price: $99
9. Marijuana Party Essential: Entertainment
What Do You Meme?
Sitting around chit chatting, nomming on some delicious food is always a great time at a marijuana party. But, if you want to step it up, you should seriously consider a game. And what better game than What Do You Meme?…with the Stoner Expansion Pack.
What Do You Meme? Is played similarly to Cards Against Humanity, where someone draws a meme, and players are trying to caption it. With the Stoner Extension Pack, of course, you'll be rolling with laughter, thanks to the cannabis card additions. Few games will be as timely.
If you're looking for other fun games to play when stoned, peep this list.
Price: $11.99 (14 percent off MSRP)
10. Marijuana Party Essential: Covering the Smell
Amazon
When you're smoking cannabis, there's obviously going to be a smell. There are a couple of different routes you can take to get rid of it, but the easiest is with candles.
The Smell My Nuts Scented 13 oz Mason Jar Candle does the job very well. It smells like freshly baked banana nut bread, toasted coconut, and hazelnut. The wick is lead-free, and has a patented straightener, to maximize burn time (approximately 100 hours). This baby will be burning long past the end of your marijuana party.
Price: $9.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers. Follow all local laws in your area
Dist. 204 to study population trends to weigh future school boundaries
hello
Indian Prairie Unit District 204 will be studying the demographics in parts of Naperville, Aurora, Bolingbrook and Plainfield to determine if boundary changes will be needed to address school crowding.
The school board on Monday voted unanimously to hire RSP & Associates, a Kansas-based enrollment consulting firm, to conduct a study of socioeconomic data, population density, home values, census data, birthrates and land use.
Jay Strang, chief school business official, said the $53,500 study is expected to be complete by early fall. It will update a similar review completed in 2012 by the same firm.
"With the economic downturn, the zoning changes of some vacant land and overcrowding issues at some of our schools, it's time for us to examine this again," Strang said.
Once data comes in, the school board will have decisions to make about attendance areas, facilities and programs including alternative high school and special education.
Attendance areas might need adjustments to balance numbers of students assigned to each school, especially among elementary buildings.
On the north side, Brookdale Elementary is in line to have 605 students next year -- 103 percent of the 585 students it can hold without having to use art and music spaces as regular classrooms. But on the south, Builta, Graham and Kendall elementaries all are projected to have roughly 335 students -- 44 percent of the kids they're designed to handle.
School board members said they'll lean on the RSP & Associates study to determine if that population spread will continue long term or if new development in south Naperville and Aurora will send more students to the half-empty schools without requiring boundary adjustments.
"This is a group we used before and they were very accurate. We were very happy with the results we had before," school board President Lori Price said. "It makes sense for me in my mind to go back to this group again."
Demographic data also will help the district decide what to do with its Indian Plains and Wheatland buildings, both of which are filled with several competing uses and both of which need repairs.
Indian Plains, which hosts two alternative high school programs, needs between $1.5 million and $1.9 million of renovations if it is to remain in service because the core of the building -- from 1929 -- is past its 75-year life expectancy.
Wheatland, which hosts the STEPS program for students with disabilities between ages 18 and 22, also could need changes because the program is competing for space with food service management offices, district records storage and grounds crews.
Administrators have asked the school board to decide by Oct. 1 whether to keep the alternative high school programs at Indian Plains and renovate the building for $1.5 million, turn the building into an elementary school for $1.9 million, or tear it down for $650,000.
Strang said RSP & Associates will present its findings to the board before Oct. 1 to allow the decisions to be made.
It's the first day of Spring, which means that some places are offering freebies to celebrate. And, even though snow is predicted soon in some areas, Dairy Queen is still holding its Free Cone Day for its fourth consecutive year. Free Cone Day is in celebration of the Spring Equinox and offers visitors a free small vanilla soft-serve cone “with the signature curl on top while supplies last,” according to USA Today. There are more than 4,400 U.S. locations available, but mall locations are reportedly not participating in the offer. Find your nearest Dairy Queen location here. The limit is one cone per person.
Thrillist has reported that ice cream cones are free, but Dairy Queen is taking donations for the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals for part of the celebration. So, customers can donate to a good cause if they'd like, as they pick up their frozen freebie. During last year's Free Cone Day, visitors reportedly raised almost $300,000 for charity in just the one day. Maria Hokanson, executive vice president of marketing for American Dairy Queen Corp., released the following statement about Free Cone Day. Hokanson said, “This day has become a spring tradition and a sign that warmer weather is upon us.”
I am #FreeConeDay. Coming to your DQ this Tuesday, March 20th. Come catch some summer sun on the first day of spring with one free small vanilla cone. pic.twitter.com/CfHk07mIRK — Dairy Queen (@DairyQueen) March 18, 2018
For those hitting up Dairy Queen, but want to check out some of the other menu items or specials, for March 2018, the blizzard treat flavor is Mint Oreo. Also, according to DQ, every flippable Blizzard treat will be served upside down or the next one's free. When it comes to food items, Dairy Queen recently added the crispy Wild Alaskan Pollock Sandwich to its menu. The white meat tenderloin chicken strip basket is also available for a limited time at $4.99.
Another business that is offering free desserts, in honor of the first day of Spring, is Rita's Italian Ice, according to USA Today. Today, from 12 p.m. until 9 p.m local time, visitors will receive a free Italian ice and you can find a Rita's near you here. For Rita's, NBC Philadelphia has reported that this is a two decade-long tradition. Linda Chadwick, Rita's president and CEO, has stated that, “We strive to not only serve our guests fresh, delicious Italian Ice, but happiness too. The First Day of Spring, along with a free cup of Rita's Italian Ice, gives us the perfect opportunity to start the season by bringing a smile to everyone's face.” The limit for free Italian Ice is one cup per person.
Some of the unique Italian Ice flavors at various Rita's Italian Ice locations includes Birch Beer, Georgia Peach, Mojito, Reese's Peanut Butter & Jelly, Strawberry-Watermelon, Horchata Cream, All-Natural Coconut, and Sour Patch Kids Red. FOX Business has reported that last year, on the first day of Spring, Rita's gave away almost 1 million cups of Italian ice.
Listen to the story here.
The government of Japan has raised tariffs for U.S. beef from 38.5 percent to 50 percent which will last until March 31, 2018. U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Purdue has expressed concerns with the new tariffs and the U.S. trade relationship with Japan. Experts from Utah are concerned about trade relationships with Japan, but aren't concerned for local beef producers.
According to the United States Department of Agriculture, U.S. exports of beef and beef products to Japan totaled $1.5 billion last year, making it the United States' top market. Derek Miller, the president and CEO of World Trade Center Utah said Japan is on Utah's top ten export destinations.
“In 2016 Utah exported almost $3.5 million of frozen beef to Japan,” Miller said. “So I expect next year that number to be lower. I expect that we'll export less beef to Japan. Overall it won't hurt our ranchers, because of the way the system works of course.”
Miller said the ranchers here in Utah are not exporting directly. Beef producers don't have much say in the price in which their cattle are sold to other countries. The cattle are raised, sold and eventually end up at processing plants, and they take care of price negotiations for exports.
“I have no doubt that our Utah ranchers working through their processing plants will find other markets,” Miller said. “It will really end up hurting the Japanese consumer and the Japan economy.”
Miller said Japan will only have short term gain, but the U.S. and other countries that export beef to Japan will find other markets. With less beef in Japan the prices will go up there because the demand from consumers will still be the same.
Beef may not be the only thing the U.S. has to worry about in the future. Miller said there is a potential long term risk with more trade barriers.
“You know, retaliatory actions by the U.S. If it starts to get that back and forth and leads to trade wars and then you've got higher tariffs and not just on beef exports,” Miller said. “That's what the real risk is in this scenario.”
BlackRock's Goldberg Says Emerging Markets Will Weather 3% Treasury Yield
Pablo Goldberg, head of emerging market debt research at Blackrock, discusses growth differential between developed and emerging markets, and what it means for investing. They speak with Bloomberg's Mark Barton on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
President Donald Trump has urged Republican members of the Congress to compromise with their Democrat counterparts to get their immigration reform package passed.
Addressing the 2018 House and Senate Republican Member Conference at The Greenbrier, in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, on Thursday, Trump said "We have to get help from the other side, or we have to elect many more Republicans (in November)" to pass into law the immigration reforms that the American people have been demanding for decades.
They used the term "compromise" repeatedly when stressing the need to strike a legislative deal on immigration.
"But we have to go, and we have to get it done and get it done properly, and we're going to have to compromise….We have to be willing to give a little in order for our country to gain a whole lot," Trump told the Republican lawmakers.
The president, who had been opposing Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, offered an olive branch Tuesday night in their first State of the Union address to Congress by proposing a merit- based immigration system.
They called for bipartisan support in the House and Senate when they vote over the next few weeks on an immigration reform package.
Nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes a permanent solution on DACA, according to Trump.
Referring to people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children, Trump said, "It's not Dreamers -- don't fall into that trap. It's just much different from dreamers."
They said their government need to end chain migration, and cancel the "terrible" visa lottery.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Business News
Las Vegas police on Saturday asked members of the community that live in the area of 14th Street and U.S. 95 to look at their home security and surveillance systems from yesterday morning to see if they have footage of a homicide suspect or their vehicle.
Police said on Friday at 4:16 a.m., video surveillance captured a dark-colored sport utility vehicle drive up and park near where the victim was found off North 14th Street and U.S. 95. The man was seen walking up to the victim, who was sleeping at the time and shooting him. The suspect then ran back to the vehicle and drove away.
[RELATED: Homeless man killed while sleeping in Las Vegas]
Anyone with any information about this incident, or anyone with any surveillance video of the possible suspects or their vehicle, is urged to contact the LVMPD Homicide Section by phone at 702-828-3521, or by email at homicide@lvmpd.com. To remain anonymous, contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 702-385-5555, or on the internet at www.crimestoppersofnv.com.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CLOSE The 15th anniversary of TV drama "NCIS" and star Mark Harmon are celebrated at an intimate gathering in Los Angeles, with actor Maria Bello calling Harmon "the captain of the football team." (Nov. 7) AP
Actor Ted Ferguson (Photo: Courtesy of Ted Ferguson)
Ted Ferguson, a Shreveport native, will appear on the hit television drama, "NCIS: New Orleans."
Ferguson will play the role of Judge Edwin Miller. The episode, "Mirror, Mirror," will air 9 p.m. Dec. 12 on CBS.
The local actor is a graduate of Fair Park High School alum and a former radio industry worker who pursued acting post-retirement.
Ferguson has appeared in a plethora of television show and movies, including AMC's "Preacher," ABC's "Astronaut Wives Club," "The Magnificent Seven" and "LBJ."
More local film and TV news:
Shreveport resident steps out on faith, talent to pursue new career
Locally filmed movie to hit the big screens
Laugh out loud comedy filmed in Shreveport
Reality TV stars of Shreveport-Bossier City: Where are they now?
Making it in and out of Shreveport
CLOSE Arts and entertainment (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times)
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/entertainment/2017/12/11/local-man-appear-popular-crime-television-show/940715001/
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Weekly Crossword
CLUES ACROSS
1. Unruly groups
5. Colorful flowers
11. December 25
14. Final stages of insects' development
15. Breadmakers
18. Spanish man
19. In the middle
21. Bill
23. Noted editor Alexander __
24. Swollen
28. Paddles
29. Cirrus
30. Seeped into
32. Skeletal muscle
33. Japanese traditional drama
35. Licensed practical nurse
36. Sibu Airport
39. Rebuff
41. Sun God
42. Astringent
44. Feeling of humiliation
46. A device attached to a workbench
47. Wood sorrel
49. Among
52. Horizontal passages
56. Father of Alexander the Great
58. Utter repeatedly
60. Linked together
62. Literary effect
63. Held onto
7. Farm state
8. Sino-Soviet block (abbr.)
9. Dutch cheese
10. Japanese alcoholic beverage
12. Black powdery substance
13. Tokyo's former name
16. Monetary unit
17. Bones
20. To avoid the risk of
22. Dry goods unit of volume (abbr.)
25. Megabyte
26. Unwell
27. Expresses disapproval of
29. Central nervous system
31. We all have it
34. Expression of bafflement 36. Tributary of the Danube
37. Flies over sporting events
38. Chinese city
40. College degree
43. Dispenser of first aid
45. Momentum (slang)
48. Red Sea port
50. Sloven
51. __ Turner, rock singer
53. Asian nation (alt. sp.)
54. Manson victim
55. Go forward
57. Primary Care Trust
58. Simpson trial judge
59. Sun up in New York
61. Exclamation of surprise CLUES DOWN
1. One-time phone company
2. Units of electrical resistance
3. Hillside
4. Omen
5. Repetitions
6. Royal Mail Ship
2-7-17 See solution in next week's edition.
Many sizes are available and anglers have discovered the smaller sizes have worked well for bass and crappies. The size 7 and 9 are the most common that are used for walleye fishing. It is always good to consider depth being fished and forage size to help determine what size may work best for the situation.
There are several schools of thought on how best to fish these baits and what to use. Some anglers will have success with aggressive snaps and some with more of a twitch or lift and drop. Changing can help determine what the fish prefer for that day.
Some anglers like to use super lines or braids like power pro, fireline, suffix 832, and spiderwire. Some anglers prefer to use a fluorocarbon line that has less stretch than monofilament, sinks, and does not absorb water. Many "jig rappers" prefer mono over either hardline or fluorocarbon, with the theory being that the stretch in the line helps prevent hooks tearing out and keeps more jig rap fished buttoned up.
Most all presentations will have a barrel swivel with 18-24 inches of fluorocarbon or mono, as fishing them with a direct tie will cause significant line twist in a very short time of use. I jig rap with some customers that are willing to work hard. It can be very tiring as these are heavy baits and they are snapped hard to make them work properly.
They can be fished vertically, trolled and sapped behind the boat at up to 1 mile an hour, or cast and retrieved with a snap, reel, snap, and reel cadence. Using monofilament line will make these baits feel heavier to snap due to stretch and resistance.
Rods are another issue of consideration and the preferences vary here from experienced "rapper" to experienced "rapper." Some like rods that are stiffer and in the 6-foot to 6-foot, 3-inch range. Some like medium-weight, fast-action rods in the 6-foot, 6-inch to 7-foot range.
I think it is about matching the line and rod to your own comfort, and trying a couple different set ups will help you decide your preference.
Typically, a little softer tip with a superline will help with the shock absorption of the fish under stress, and the stiffer rod with the monofilament will help with better hook setting power. Those are a couple of considerations as a starting point. I think success is the biggest confidence builder for what works for you. No one has the market cornered on what the right setup for this technique—it is all about your comfort and confidence.
Most times, you will not feel a bite, but will have weight on the line when you are snapping the lure. Any unusual feeling on the line can be worth a hookset.
It is important to keep a tight line on fish hooked with these types of lures. You will have some fish come unbuttoned for no discernible reason at times. You will also foul hook some fish. Many times these lures will come off in the net as soon as the pressure is released on the fish.
They are expensive baits, that range in cost from about $7-$9, and you will lose some to northern pike or musky, and you will break tails on these lures on rocks or bigger fish. Bigger fish that thrash in a net with the lure still hooked up will run the risk of having the lure's tail broken.
But they work.
The last few years, many tournaments have been won on these lures, and they have been responsible for record-setting weights. We are at the time of the season these baits can really shine. It is a good time to get out and practice with them.
Indiana at Minnesota When: 9 p.m. today Where: Williams Arena, Minneapolis TV: Big Ten Network Radio: 1250 AM, 102.9 FM
For a program built around a floor-spacing offense and 3-point accuracy, it is jarring to watch Indiana's 3-point slump. IU has lost its long-range weapon, shooting a miserable 25 for 84 on 3s in the last four games – that's 29.8 percent.
Bad shooting is about as foreign in Bloomington as a seagull, and it's driving coach Tom Crean absolutely nuts.
“You know, we've led the country, led the BCS in the last five years in 3-point field goal percentage,” Crean said.
“We have been a very, very good shooting team. It doesn't look like that right now. I do not want to be in a panic, but we have to figure out those shots.”
Now comes that shooting backdrop at Williams Arena in Minneapolis, where IU (15-11, 5-8 Big Ten) faces Minnesota (18-7, 6-6) tonight. The raised floor plus a high ceiling gives “The Barn” unusual sight lines.
If the Hoosiers want to snap out of their malaise, they will need to get open looks to fall.
The team's season 3-point percentage is more good than great (38 percent) but down compared with IU's 3-point performances from the 2015-16 season (41.6 percent), 2014-15 (40.6 percent), 2012-13 (40.3 percent) and 2011-12 (43.1 percent), Crean's established standard for 3s.
“We shoot every day,” they said. “Haven't done anything different in our time here. We constantly shoot (in practice).”
Over the last two weeks, it hasn't carried over into games.
In that span, IU's two best 3-point marksmen – Robert Johnson and James Blackmon Jr. – are 7 for 34 on 3s. The backup guards in the rotation (Devonte Green and Curtis Jones) are just 1 for 13.
“A lot of it is just not being prepared to shoot before you get the ball,” Johnson said.
“A lot of it is not hitting guys on time and on target with passes, and I think it comes as well from confidence in the game.”
Some of the 3-point misses have been open, but plenty are coming on poor looks. Crean echoed Johnson's diagnosis but added a coach's irritation.
“Some of it is ridiculous setups and cuts,” Crean said. “It's just absolute remedial nonsense, and I'm just trying to bite my tongue here, but some of that doesn't make a bit of sense. We still have some very good shooters out there.”
Until, or unless, Indiana's cold shooting changes, Crean knows the NCAA Tournament is likely an unreachable goal.
“Maybe my shooters are feeling too much pressure,” they said.
“But bottom line is we're not making enough jump shots and, again, we've got some guys that aren't close to being healthy, but that doesn't have anything to do with the setups, setting your man up and being ready to knock down shots.”
Notes: Minnesota backup forward Davonte Fitzgerald, who averaged 7.3 points as a first-year student at Texas A&M, is sidelined by a knee injury.
cgoff@jg.net
A newly developed vaccine for glioblastoma shows 'remarkable' promise, according to preliminary results from a study of the treatment. Patients with the disease typically die within 2 years. Some in the trial have now lived as long as 7 years. Evan Vucci AP
The NFL concussion crisis has hit the league's helmet makers...
Law enforcement outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal after reports of an explosion.
Several people were injured Monday morning when a device exploded at the Port Authority bus terminal on 42nd Street, according to law enforcement sources.
One person is in custody after their device partially detonated inside a tunnel, sources told The Post.
Police and firefighters have responded to the scene, where the bomb squad also has been deployed.
The NYC Office of Emergency Management said commuters should expect delays.
There was no immediate word on what prompted the response between Eighth and Ninth avenues.
This is a developing story.
Microgrids: Energy independence (and money saved) for companies
Microgrids and their related renewable energy can help businesses shave energy costs and bolster the aging infrastructure.
Credit: A drone's-eye view of Schneider Electric's Andover R&D center. Solar panels adorn its roof and parking lot car ports, which are tied into the microgrid.
ANDOVER, Mass. -- At the end of a heavily wooded, sparse industrial park here sits the North American headquarters and R&D center for Schneider Electric, which earlier this month unveiled its own campus power microgrid.
The microgrid for the global energy management conglomerate is expected to produce 520,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity per year, or 10% of Schneider Electric's power needs. It's also expected to reduce its energy costs by 20%.
Perhaps more importantly, the microgrid incorporates a natural gas generator as an anchor resource, allowing solar panels to operate during grid outages to maintain critical operations. In the event of a power outage, a lithium-ion battery storage system would provide up to 100KW of power for an hour.
The battery storage system can also help shave the power Schneider Electric draws from the local utility during peak operating hours, enabling it to avoid costly fees for exceeding its pre-set demand limits.
While the microgrid does serve some of Schneider Electric's own power needs, it's also part of the company's R&D efforts to create more sophisticated smart microgrid technology to sell as a service to customers who must rely on an aging, less-reliable national grid infrastructure and rising electricity costs.
A microgrid is a form of distributed energy generation that can function independently from the traditional, centralized regional power grid; it can enable towns, small cities or corporations to develop their own energy sources and power storage systems (via lithium-ion or flow batteries), distribute that energy and even sell excess power back to local utilities.
Duke Energy and Schneider Electric have collaborated on several microgrids. Above is a representation of what a microgrid would contain, including solar panels, battery storage, a power control unit, converters, and distribution lines. Credit: Duke Energy/Schneider Electric
Microgrids also offer a quick response during high energy demand times or power outages.
Currently, Microgrids only supply about 1.6 gigawatts (GW) of U.S. electricity, or less than 0.2% of installed capacity. Over the next three years, however, that capacity is expected to more than double, according to the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions or CCES, a nonprofit, non-partisan organization.
An aging national grid infrastructure
Fueling interest in microgrids, CCES said, is their ability to improve resilience and reliability, increase efficiency, better manage electricity supply and demand, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions through the use of renewable energy.
Installed solar power system prices by category. Credit: Department of Energy SunShot Initiative. (Click for larger image).
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next Page
Cybersecurity alliance promoting intel-sharing seeks to expand
The Cyber Threat Alliance has appointed a former White House official to lead it
Hackers have probably had a harder time slipping past your security software, thanks to an alliance between some of the top vendors in the industry.
The Cyber Threat Alliance, a group of security firms that often compete, says its efforts to share intelligence on the latest hacking threats have been paying off.
Rivals including Fortinet, Intel Security, Palo Alto Networks and Symantec originally entered into the alliance over two years ago, even as doubts arose over whether it'd last.
But now the group is seeking to expand. In an effort to recruit more members, the Cyber Threat Alliance is announcing that it's become a not-for-profit. In addition, a former White House official will be its new leader.
The intelligence sharing between the vendors will also accelerate. Before it was done manually, and involved sharing 1,000 malware samples each day. But alliance members have built a platform that will now automate the information sharing in real-time.
For customers, it means their security software will better detect cyber threats, and more quickly. By sharing intelligence, the security vendors are essentially pooling their resources to gain a more complete picture of today's cyber threats.
“I think it should make the bad guys nervous,” said Joe Chen, Symantec's vice president of engineering, on Monday.
The alliance has also added two new founding members, security firm Check Point and Cisco Systems.
Cisco joined to gain a greater reach to stymie the hackers, said Matt Watchinski, a senior director at the company's Talos security group. Now, Cisco can share preventive tips that'll be used not just in its own patches but in security software from many of the leading vendors.
“We're going to be able to attack these guys and put them in a much smaller box, because of the reach of this entire group,” they said.
It'll take time to see how effective this new stage of the alliance is in thwarting cyberattacks. But the prior intelligence-sharing efforts have bolstered Intel Security's ability to detect some serious hacking attempts.
In one case a few weeks ago, Intel Security was able to quickly spot a critical infrastructure attack against a customer by using data that came from another alliance member, said Vincent Weafer, vice president of Intel Security's McAfee Labs.
“We were able to make a real difference against real threats, by linking the information together,” they said. “It reduces the time to identify and see these issues.”
If not for the alliance, it might have taken a few weeks to spot the attack, perhaps by relying on a public advisory from the FBI or US-CERT -- too late to prevent the hacking attempt, Weafer said.
1 2 Next Page
iStockphoto Sometimes decluttering just requires some extra help.
This story is part of a new MarketWatch series, “Gifts that pay off.” Between now and Dec. 25, we will look at gifts that could potentially earn the recipients money or improve their lives.
People like professional organizer Marie Kondo have become famous for preaching minimalism and only keeping things in your home that bring you “joy.”
But should you give a loved one the gift of “decluttering” their home or life? There are many varied and dramatic potential benefits. An organized home has been linked to benefits including better mental and physical health. People experienced more stress and worse performance when trying to complete tasks if they were surrounded by clutter, a 2011 Princeton study found.
Don't miss: These gifts will improve your life more than a new sweater
What's more, people who are in an “orderly” room choose to eat healthier foods, another concluded. And women who describe their homes as stressful also report depressed moods more often than those who describe them as “restorative,” according to a study published in 2009 in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin.
Organization and cleanliness have positive effects, but trying to get someone else on board with an organizing strategy may be difficult. If you want to help someone declutter, tread lightly, said Lizzie Post, the great-great-granddaughter of etiquette expert Emily Post, who co-hosts the podcast “Awesome Etiquette.” Here's what the experts say you should keep in mind:
Read also: Teach your loved ones how to be social climbers this holiday season
Do: Ask about prices before you select an organizer
Ask about prices up front, Cattano said. Personal organizers don't necessarily have professional certifications — although there is a trade group, the National Association of Productivity and Organizing Professionals, which requires them to pass three courses on organizing skills. If the organizer is certified by NAPO, they usually note that on their website, said Ellen Delap, the organization's president.
Trust your gut. An organizer who is just starting out in the industry might charge $30 to $75 an hour, and someone who is more experienced will likely charge between $75 and $200, said Laura Cattano, a professional organizer who works in New York City. Ask for recommendations from previous clients and how long they've been in business, and other qualifications. Try to get an accurate picture of what work will be needed and get an estimate.
Don't: Expect the gift recipient to want the same thing you would want
Because organizing is personal, not every organizer will work for every client, Cattano said. And if the match between organizer and client is wrong — in terms of personality or goals — it could be a bad experience for the client. You might want to give your friend or loved one a choice of two or three personal organizers.
Ask your friend what goals they are trying to accomplish with their organizing strategy and what personality type they might work best with. And ask the organizer if they are willing to do a phone consultation to see if they could get along with the client, Cattano said. What strategy will they use? How forcefully will they try to make changes? “You shouldn't let other people put their values on you,'” Cattano said. “If you want a lot of color in your apartment, great. If you don't, don't have it.”
MarketWatch photo illustration/iStockphoto This story is part of a new MarketWatch series, “Gifts that pay off.” Between now and Dec. 25, we will look at gifts that could potentially earn the recipients money or improve their lives.
Do: Communicate with the gift recipient first
“Know your audience,” Post said. It's best to give an organization service to someone who has already expressed interest in tidying up, they said. “Just dropping off a card for a gift certificate is not how you want to go.” Talk to the recipient first. Otherwise, this gift could come as a slap in the face. Some people might be more receptive to having someone they don't know help to organize their home, and others might prefer a joint effort by friends or a family member.
Or maybe start with a book like “Remodelista: The Organized Home” or “The Gentle Art of Swedish Death Cleaning: How to Free Yourself and Your Family from a Lifetime of Clutter.” “The holidays are stressful enough,” said Stephanie Shalofsky, a professional organizer based in New York City. “You don't want to put somebody over the edge, so to speak, by creating an even more stressful situation.”
Read also: This gift will turn your child into a savvy investor
Don't: Pay the organizer up front
Ask if the organizer offers a gift card. If so, the conditions for a return policy. Some organizers will not charge until after the work is done. Shalofsky offers gift cards for their services, but if the client doesn't use it before the expiration date, they give a full refund. If someone is prone to hoarding, they may be more likely not to use the gift card in time, so keep an eye on the expiration date and give the organizer a maximum price. Research shows that procrastination is related to anxiety — not laziness. Your friend must should not ever feel ashamed.
See also: Cryptocurrency novices are asking, ‘Should I buy bitcoin?'
Do: Choose your timing wisely
One way to avoid the subject of a messy home: Suggest you want to help because they may, say, have a new child or have started a new job, Post said. No one likes to be told they have a problem, so lead with the solution. Use phrases like “personal organizer” or “personal assistant” rather than “declutterer” or “someone who is an expert in hoarders.” That's why giving organization services as a gift is a risk and can often go wrong, they said.“Organizing is so personal,” Cattano said. “You can walk into someone's home, and it can be a mess, and it either bothers that person or it doesn't.”
Don't: Hound your friend afterwards to see if they stayed organized
Be gentle and reinforce with positive feedback. Ask, “What can I do to help?” Don't say, “You haven't even started yet?” Your friend will likely feel stressed if you check on them to see how the organizing went, Shalofsky said. There is a fine line between support and hounding the person, they added. Gently encourage them to keep the momentum going. “You want to be a cheerleader,” they said. “Let them know you're interested in hearing about their progress.”
Also see: What to buy recent retirees to transform their quality of life
Panuddan / Getty Images
"The preference of the therapist is to receive information directly from the client. However, there are times in which the client is not available, not forthcoming with information, or not being honest. In these cases, it can be helpful to obtain information from others to improve the assessment process. A client must sign a release of information, allowing the therapist to speak to family or friends, prior to any discussion.
An exception is a situation in which, prior to the therapist-client relationship, family or friends contacted the therapist to get help for the client, at which time they provided background information. A therapist will consider the information they have provided, and they will put more value on what the client reports, since who knows you better than you!
For example, when parents call Newport Academy to determine whether residential or outpatient treatment would be most appropriate for their child, they provide detailed information about their child, most often without the child's knowledge. When the client enters our program, we take into consideration the family's perspective, but we conduct extensive assessments with the client to determine what the real issues are."
Lagos State Governor, Mr Akinwunmi Ambode at the weekend expressed the readiness of their administration to upgrade the Songhai Model Farm in Avia-Igborosun, Badagry, with a pledge to transform the project and use it to boost the Agro Tourism and food security drive of the State Government.
The project, which is sitting on a massive 167 hectares of land with additional available land for other projects, was copied from Songhai in Republic of Benin under the Agric-Yes initiative of the Lagos State Ministry of Agriculture.
Speaking during inspection of the project alongside top government officials, Governor Ambode said government will come up with strategies and policies to upgrade the farm and put it to optimal use with the view to keying it into the efforts of government to enhance food security, among other drives.
While briefing the Governor on the project, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agric, Dr Shakirudeen Olayiwola said the farm started in 2012 and it was copied from the Songhai model of farming which mainly are organic agriculture, zero waste agriculture and training.
Olayiwola said a lot of Nigerians usually go to Songhai for training, and that the development was one of the reasons why the State Government decided to establish one in Badagry to train Nigerians on modern techniques of farming.
They said: “We have a training centre, a demonstration centre and also a centre for Agro Tourism. “Here, we have been able to have a lot of facilities and our target is mostly existing famers who want more knowledge in the area of agriculture as well as youths who want to train in the area of agriculture and students of tertiary institutions. We are also bringing some of the old extinct crops.”
Responding, Governor Ambode said the reason for inspecting the project was first to appreciate the level of investment already committed to the farm by government and then see how to scale it up where necessary.
They assured that the State Government would explore the possibility of using the farm to train students of Agric in the tertiary institutions in the State to give them practical knowledge, adding that the idea behind the project must be well projected with the view to ensure viability of the farm.
They said: “If we have Department of Agriculture in our Polytechnic or our University, nothing is stopping us from linking their curriculum with this project so that there will be that interface between the young ones that we want to produce and there is nothing stopping the Ministry of Agric also from introducing some kind of Diploma programmes or a certificated course for farmers which we will now project nationally and then make this place to run year round.
“We want to upgrade and scale up this project where necessary and key it into our Agro Tourism drive and effort to ensure food security for our people,” Governor Ambode said.
The Governor also directed the Ministries of Agric and Education to work together and see how to put the project to practical use and project it nationally commencing from 2017.
The post Ambode Mulls Upgrade Of Badagry Demonstration Farm appeared first on Lagos Television.
Global finance chiefs were unusually blunt in warning that the U.S. had put the international trade order at risk as President Donald Trump pushes ahead with their “America First” agenda by imposing steep tariffs on steel and aluminum.
Finance ministers and central bankers from the Group of 20 nations told U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday that multilateral, rule-based trade is an essential pillar of the global economy, according to three people familiar with the discussions. But U.S. officials are standing firm and telling counterparts gathered in Argentina that they won't give up their economic and national security interests, according to a Treasury official.
“The trip to the G-20 will focus on advancing the Trump administration's global economic agenda to level the playing field for U.S. companies and workers,” Mnuchin said in a emailed statement on Monday.
Trade has taken center stage in the debate after Trump slapped import tariffs on aluminum and steel, with an informal poll of delegates singling out protectionism as the biggest threat to global growth. A euro-area official identified protectionism as one of the four medium-term risks to the world economy, listing financial deregulation, a sharp repricing of financial assets and procyclical fiscal policies as the other threats.
Mnuchin didn't address trade or the proposed tariffs during Monday's discussion, according to two sources familiar with the talks.
‘Close Attention'
“The G-20 will continue to emphasize the importance of free trade,” Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Monday. “Trade policies and trends affect the global economy, and I'd like to pay close attention to them.”
The Brazilian and Japanese delegations were among those questioning the U.S., and were joined by officials from other countries including Germany, South Korea, Italy, France and Saudi Arabia, the sources said.
G-20 delegates from Europe were particularly vocal heading into the two-day gathering in Buenos Aires, and appealed to their U.S. counterparts that a collapse of the world's multilateral trade system must be averted at all cost.
‘Increase Uncertainty'
“Protectionist measures would increase uncertainty” and risk delivering a blow to the euro area's synchronized economic expansion, French central bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said in a speech on Sunday. Their Dutch colleague Klaas Knot identified “some medium-term clouds” relating to trade on the horizon of an otherwise favorable growth outlook.
Officials have torn up parts of the first draft of the group's communique, which repeated pledges for countries to refrain from unfair trade practices and included a warning that the global economic expansion would be thrown into jeopardy if governments turn inward. On Monday, delegates stripped references to risks from inward-looking policies, which some saw as a veiled reference to U.S. protectionism.
Delegates are having trouble finalizing the communique, as nations push back against U.S. requests to delete the term “multilateral” from the statement, Pierre Moscovici, European commissioner for economic and financial affairs, said in an interview. “Avoiding multilateralism in a multilateral organization makes no sense,” they said.
Argentina and South Korea have asked for concessions before tariffs take effect on Friday, while Canada and Mexico are shielded due to negotiations to revamp the North American Free Trade Agreement. The top U.S. trade negotiator has been leading discussions to exempt countries from the tariffs if they meet certain criteria, including joining the U.S. in pushing back against Chinese trade policies, according to a European official.
“Protectionist measures haven't had positive results in the long run," Brazil's Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Monday. “These type of measures are negative for everybody.”
— With assistance by Yoshiaki Nohara, and Michael McKee
Hempseed may top 140,000 acres in Western Canada this year, a significant increase from recent levels of 70,000 to 100,000 acres.
If acreage does jump and yields are decent, Canada could produce an excess of hempseed in 2017, says an industry leader from Saskatchewan.
“We are probably going to end up with way more than we need. I've been sounding the warning bell, since early January about issues in the marketplace,” said Garry Meier, president of Hemp Genetics International, which contracts hempseed production and provides agronomic advice for growers.
Meier is worried about too many hempseed acres in Canada be-cause foreign competitors, mostly Chinese producers, are grabbing market share in key locations like South Korea and North America.
In 2016, Canadian exports of hempseed to South Korea exploded, to the surprise of many in the trade.
“From $600,000 of exports to $45 million (in 2016),” said Russ Crawford, Canadian Hemp Trade Alliance president, earlier this year.
South Koreans became interested in hempseed after it appeared on a home shopping channel in the country. Suddenly, Koreans began buying huge quantities of hempseed as a replacement for fish oil.
However, China and other countries quickly entered the fray, creating more competition in South Korea and pushing prices lower. Canadian exporters are now selling hempseed at discounted prices into Korea.
ADVERTISMENT
“There was some hope that the Korean market would continue at the same pace that it was,” Crawford said. “We're definitely getting signals now that's not going to be the case.”
If exports to South Korea are softer in 2017 and 2018, it could affect Canadian hempseed growers and processors because sales to that country were critical to the industry in 2016.
The sector was coping with a glut of hempseed in 2014 and 2015, mostly because of strong yields in Western Canada.
Exports to South Korea helped eat through that glut and stabilized the supply-demand situation.
Meier is concerned that another glut is possible because the North American market is also becoming more competitive.
For years, Canadian hempseed and hemp food products had a stronghold in the U.S. But now, cheap Chinese hempseed, some of it with an organic label, is weighing on the market.
“There is a huge influx of supply, from non-Canadian sources showing up on our shores at discounted prices,” they said.
ADVERTISMENT
“There is Chinese (organic) hemp on the west coast of the United States being offered at less than the cost of production of Canadian organic hemp.”
On the positive side, there's still huge potential for sales growth in North America. Industry data indicates that one U.S. household in 100 has a hemp food product in the pantry, such as hempseed oil or protein. In Canada, the number is three in 100 households.
If the U.S. figure rises to three, five or seven households, it would dramatically boost demand and subdue concerns about 40,000 additional acres swamping the market.
Such demand growth may be possible because hemp is now grown in the U.S. and public perceptions of the oilseed, sometimes associated with marijuana, are changing.
In the shorter run, Meier is still worried about excessive production this year. But the wet spring could cut into the acreage total.
“There's a sizable chunk of hemp acres that are at risk of being unplanted because of flooding,” they said. “Primarily in northeast Saskatchewan and northern Alberta.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CORAL GABLES (CBSMiami/SportsDirect) – February is more than halfway over, which means that March is just around the corner.
In a conference that likely will receive at least eight bids to the NCAA Tournament, games like Wednesday's ACC meeting between host Miami and Georgia Tech can have major consequences on Selection Sunday.
While the Yellow Jackets overcame a poor start Saturday to defeat Boston College 65-54 and end a two-game losing streak, the Hurricanes saw a 14-point, first-half lead against Louisville disappear to turn what would have been a resume-building victory into a frustrating 71-66 defeat.
The Yellow Jackets, who lost Quinton Stephens (10.2 points, 7.8 rebounds) to a sprained ankle early against Boston College, managed only 15 points in the first half but then turned into a different team, exploding for 50 over the final 20 minutes to win by 11.
“To be able to win the game without Quinton, we rely on them so much, and for them to go down early shows you this group of guys here have become a good basketball team,” coach Josh Pastner told reporters. “Their fight, their resolve and their grit, any time they've been knocked down, they've always found a way to keep coming back and not let it avalanche.”
Meanwhile, the Hurricanes led for nearly 34 minutes before a 13-0 run by the Cardinals gave them an eight-point advantage at 61-53, setting the stage for a brief Miami rally and a final 10-5 surge by Rick Pitino's squad.
While both teams upset No. 9 North Carolina, and Georgia Tech also has notched victories over No. 18 Florida State and No. 20 Notre Dame, it would seem that a 9-9 finish in conference play – at the very least – will be needed to get either or both of these them into the Tournament.
TV: 8 p.m., ET, ACC Network
ABOUT GEORGIA TECH (15-10, 6-6 ACC): Dynamic first-year student guard Josh Okogie (15.3 points, five rebounds) is a big reason the Yellow Jackets have exceeded expectations, as they not only leads the team in scoring but also is a force both on the boards and on defense, where they top the squad in steals with 32.
Another huge boost has come from the 6-10 Ben Lammers (14.7 points, 9.7 rebounds), who averaged only 3.6 points in limited minutes as a sophomore last season but has turned into a monster in the paint – ranking second in the ACC in rebounds and second in the nation in blocked shots (3.2).
Tadric Jackson (11.2 points), who is coming off a career-high 29-point effort against the Eagles, is instant offense off the bench while first-year student Justin Moore (5.2, 3.2 assists) provides more backcourt depth.
ABOUT MIAMI (16-8, 6-6): Davon Reed (15.5 points) had been at their best in conference play, averaging 16.8 points and 3.3 3-pointers, but had a difficult time in the narrow loss to Louisville as they were 3-of-12 overall and 1-of-5 from beyond the arc.
Ja'Quan Newton (15 points, 3.6 assists) and first-year student Bruce Brown (11.7, 6.4 rebounds) complete the starting backcourt, with the trio accounting for 63.1 percent of the team's scoring in ACC games.
The Hurricanes have outrebounded their foes by six per game, with Kamari Murphy (6.4 points, 7.5 rebounds) leading the way, while Ebuka Izundu (4.6, 3.2) leads the team in blocked shots (22) in limited minutes and has averaged 10.6 points over their last three contests.
TIP-INS
Miami has won 11 of the last 15 meetings, including a 75-58 victory last season in Atlanta. A win for Georgia Tech would put it over .500 in ACC play after 13 games for the first time since 2000-01. Miami is 15-1 when scoring 70 or more points while the Yellow Jackets are averaging 68.1.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Sports Direct Inc. contributed to this report.)
The Workplace Chat app for Macs and PCs comes a year after Facebook's launch of its social network for the enterprise
Credit: Peter Sayer
Now there's a Facebook Chat app for the enterprise.Â The social network has quietly published a standalone Workplace Chat app, a year after it launched its browser-based Workplace enterprise networking service.
The app, available for Windows and macOS, is still in beta testing, but anyone can download it from Facebook's Help Center.Â
Initially known as Facebook at Work, Workplace by Facebook uses a similar interface to the company's consumer social network, but competes for the corporate collaboration market against services such as Slack.
Workplace comes in two versions, Standard and Premium. The Premium version allows corporations adopting it to use their own identity management service for logins, and to police content according to their own policies rather than Facebook's standard terms and conditions. Its use requires the creation of a corporate account, and individual logins using corporate email addresses.
The Workplace Chat app works with Standard and Premium versions of Workplace, and requires a corporate email address to log in.
There's already a chat function in the Workplace web interface, but the standalone app offers additional functions. These include delivery of notifications using the native interface of the OS, voice and video calling, and screen-sharing.
The Mac version (0.2.20) was compiled three weeks ago, and will run on versions of macOS from 10.9 (Mavericks) onwards.
The PC version requires Windows 7 or above and will install and run without administrator privileges.
Facebook says the app will autoupdate, so beta testers should automatically be provided with the final version.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
At The NAFA 2018
Most recently, Dulquer Salmaan was in New York and Toronto for the NAFA (North American Film Awards 2018). The actor had won the award for the Best Actor (Popular) for their performances in the films Solo and Parava.
The Groupfie
Earlier, a star-studded groupfie was doing the rounds on social media. In the selfie, which was posted through the Facebook page of Trisha, you can see Dulquer Salmaan, Trisha, Parvathy, Manju Warrier, Tovino Thomas, Vijay Yesudas and Manya.
Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram & Others
Now, a short video clip taken from NAFA 2018 has been doing the rounds on the internet. This particular video features Dulquer Salmaan, along with Kalidas Jayaram and others grooving to the tunes of a super hit Bollywood song, while they came together on stage. Any guesses on the song?
Lungi Dance
Well, Dulquer Salmaan is seen grooving to the tunes of the song Lungi Dance, from the blockbuster Bollywood movie Chennai Express. Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram, Neeraj Madhav, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Gopi Sunder etc., came together on stage and each one of them are seen dancing to the song. Vijay Yesudas who sung the song joined them as well.
"Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down," Rick Astley sings in their 1987 hit. But the voting machine the song was blaring from at the Def Con security conference in Las Vegas sure did.
Hackers were able to successfully "Rick-Roll" a WinVote voting machine at the Def Con cybersecurity conference this weekend. Video of the hack, which was shared on Twitter, provides a stunning reminder of how nothing is ever truly safe from hackers.
The WinVote is now the newest music playing device in the village! #DEFCON #votingvillage pic.twitter.com/litn3YhaOX — DEFCON VotingVillage (@VotingVillageDC) July 29, 2017
"The need for us to get our act together on cybersecurity and get much better at it is becoming very acute," Michael Daniel, president of the Cyber Threat Alliance and former cybersecurity coordinator in the Obama Administration, told NBC News.
Related: Las Vegas is More Hackable Than Ever — But It May be a Good Thing
From connected home devices to voting machines and cars, thousands of hackers spent the past week in Las Vegas sharing research and discussing the future of hacking at the Black Hat and Def Con security conferences. But this year's message was striking: We have to do better.
A conference attendee checks the schedule on their phone as they wait for a keynote address during the Black Hat information security conference in Las Vegas on July 26. Steve Marcus / Reuters
Finding the problems is the relatively easier part. The harder part, according to security professionals, is designing defenses.
The research presented is essentially a glimpse into the future and "tells us what is going to happen in the next 12 to 18 to 24 months out," said Jeremiah Grossman, chief of security at SentinelOne.
"In many ways, the attack research is easy. Now we need to start designing and deploying the defenses," they said. "That is the hard part. That's where we need time. But if we don't talk about the attacks, when it's not allowed, that's when we have problems."
Grossman was referring to a Moroccan hacker living in France who was reportedly denied entry to the United States to give a scheduled Black Hat talk.
The public's perception of hacking — what it is and how it can harm people — has also undergone a metamorphosis in the past year. While there will likely always be black hat hackers who are happy to snag your credit card information and passwords, there's also an intense focus on how other countries may be using hacking to — say — meddle in an election.
"Cyber operations and the use of cyber capabilities as a tool of state craft is here to stay. It is a fact of life in the 21st century and one of the things we as societies need to figure out," Daniel said. "We need to figure out how to get some rules of the road surrounding the use of those capabilities so they don't become inherently destabilizing to the international system."
With the fake news scourge and bots running rampant online, Chris Wysopal, chief technology officer at Veracode, said the security community can use its expertise to help.
"It's not something we traditionally think about — people using info systems to target individuals with fake news or whatever," Wysopal said. "Usually intelligence agencies think about nation states and we don't, but I think we could have a role to play there on how systems can be misused to manipulate people."
"It's a little too new for this community to start doing anything about it, but hopefully by the next election we can start thinking about designing systems that can detect when you are being targeted by a bot," they told NBC News.
The Roanoke, Virginia, anchor whose girlfriend was one of two co-workers gunned down during a live news broadcast in August 2015 has quit their job to campaign for a seat in the Virginia House of Delegates.
Chris Hurst's decision to end their journalism career last week came after memories of the stunning tragedy were rekindled while covering a story about a workplace shooting in the fall. They thought they would be fine, but found themselves sobbing in the same live truck that was used by girlfriend Alison Parker, a cub reporter at WDBJ, and their cameraman, Adam Ward, on the day they were murdered.
Chris Hurst with girlfriend and co-worker Alison Parker. Chris Hurst
"I started to become a shell of the person that I was because I had to numb myself in order to anchor the news, and I didn't feel that was who I wanted to be," Hurst told NBC News on Tuesday. "I was trying to think of what can I do, where I can stay in this area where the people have given me so much help and strength when I needed it — and public service is a real natural progression."
They will run in the Democratic primary for the 12th District seat currently held by Republican Joseph Yost. The district includes Virginia Tech, Radford University and three counties. Their Democratic opponent is a 25-year-old named Andrew Schultz, whose platform includes pushing for a state government that embraces science-based facts.
Related: Virginia TV Station WDBJ Honors 2 Journalists Slain in Live Shooting
Hurst joined WDBJ as a reporter in 2010 and moved into the anchor chair in 2011.
In August 2015, a former employee of the station, Vester Flanagan II, ambushed Parker and Ward as they were in the middle of a broadcast at the local tourism destination of Smith Mountain Lake. Flanagan quickly posted the images of the shooting to their Facebook page — shocking the nation and setting off a major manhunt.
Police say the execution-style attack was premeditated, and Flanagan killed themselves hours later as police closed in.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FROM AUG. 31, 2015: Virginia's WDBJ tweets photo of Alison Parker, Adam Ward 0:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hurst, who turns 30 in July, had moved in with 24-year-old Parker and gave them a promise ring, hoping they would one day marry.
With their campaign underway, the newbie politician says he'll do exactly what they did as a journalist: listen to people and find out what concerns them. But they admitted it may be hard to express their opinion after maintaining their objectivity for so long.
"It's a bit of [a] hard pivot for me to ... express my opinion, but I will just be honest and investigate the information and gather facts and come to an objective conclusion," Hurst said.
Related: Father of Slain Reporter: Find Way to 'Keep Crazy People From Getting Guns'
They said he's running for office so people don't have to go through the pain of what they endured — and feels strongly about universal background checks for people purchasing guns.
"I think we can have healthy conversations, and the one thing I am interested in is saving lives," they said, adding that they do not want to take firearms away from law-abiding citizens.
On this Valentine's Day, Hurst is committed to this newfound purpose — and isn't worrying about meeting someone new.
"My heart is open, but Alison was a 10 out of a 10, and there were thousands of boxes that they checked off that left me in love with her," they said. "I know that someone else will be put into my life, but that person has not come yet, and that is fine."
A mother has accepted they stabbed their newborn baby to death with a pair of scissors, but told a jury they had no memory of doing so.
Rachel Tunstill, 26, placed the lifeless body of their daughter, Mia Kelly, into carrier bags shortly after giving birth in their bathroom and then placed the baby in the kitchen bin.
Tunstill claims they were unaware their pregnancy was virtually full term and thought they were having a miscarriage at the flat they shared with their partner in Wellington Court, Burnley, Lancashire.
The defendant said their recollection of events on the evening of January 14 was "very hazy" and "unclear".
They told Preston Crown Court that they checked the baby for signs of life in the bathroom, but found none.
The psychology graduate recalled asking their boyfriend, forklift driver Ryan Kelly, to fetch a pair of scissors in case they needed to cut the cord.
Them barrister, Simon Kealey QC, asked her: "Do you recall what you did, if anything, with the scissors?"
Tunstill replied: "I don't recall doing anything with the scissors apart from putting them on the side."
Mr Kealey said: "Do you accept that when the baby was born you were alone in the bathroom with her?"
They said: "Yes."
Mr Kealey went on: "And do you accept that the baby died as a result of stab wounds?"
Tunstill replied: "Yes."
Them barrister said: "Do you accept it can only be you?"
"Yes," repeated the defendant.
Mr Kealey asked: "Do you have any recollection of doing it?"
Tunstill said: "No, absolutely none."
The defendant said they discovered three days before the birth that they were pregnant and had planned to seek medical assistance the following week.
Tunstill went to Burnley General Hospital on the morning of January 16, where they told staff they were nine weeks' pregnant, had suffered bleeding and was concerned they had had a miscarriage.
On examination, medics found their pregnancy had in fact been very nearly full term as part of the umbilical cord was still attached to the uterus.
Police were called to the hospital and Tunstill was arrested when the baby's remains were found in the bin.
A post-mortem examination found in excess of 15 puncture wounds on Mia's body, with traces of the newborn's blood found on the rivet of the scissors.
Tunstill, a deputy manager at a local residential home for people with mental health issues, denies murder.
A phenomenal 1-2-3 has been achieved by runners from the Mansfield Harriers club in the final standings in the Nottinghamshire County Schools Cross-Country League for school year-seven girls.
Beth Hamilton bagged the gold, Ruby Milnes the silver and Alex Foster the bronze after all three were involved in a thrilling final round at Berry Hill Park in Mansfield on Saturday.
Hamilton went into the race not only leading the series but also unbeaten. However, for once, they had to play second fiddle to teammate Foster, who produced a tremendous performance to make up for earlier struggles in the league, caused by their diabetes and blood-sugar levels. This time they ran the race of ler life, outsprinting their clubmate on the home straight after a race run at a ferocious pace. Milnes finished a fine fourth, with another Harrier, Ava Blake, in 27th.
Meanwhile, in the race for years eight and nine boys, Henry Bullough unleashed their best display of the winter with a commanding performance to lead throughout and earn a series medal. Sam Bentley was ninth in the race for years ten and 11 boys, while Amelia Shackleford was a solid 21st in the contest for girls in years eight and nine.
The Mansfield club also had a good turnout in the year-six races, with James Flint fifth for the boys, closely follow by Matthew Young, who showed fine determination in eighth, William Sankey in 20th, Joel Brereton in 34th, Oliver Allen in 54th and William Sankey in 86th.
The year-six girls proved how they are developing into a strong squad. Ella Kennedy placed seventh, followed by Freya Longmead in eighth, Jemima Waller in ninth, Martha Yanney in 14th, Ellie Jones in 17th, Lucy Miller in 24th and Amelia Arnold in 63rd.
Harriers might have tasted more glory in the year-seven boys' event but for a freak piece of bad luck. Jake Orr was joint first in the series, only to lose a shoe with just half a lap to go of this final race, which resulted in the title slipping from their grasp. Oliver Bullough ran well for fourth and earned themselves a medal in the overall standings, while Harley-Jay Martin placed ninth and Harry Wilkinson 16th.
The club's junior athletes also enjoyed lots of success at the district schools cross-country championships at Sherwood Pines, where schools from the Bassetlaw, Newark and Sherwood and Mansfield regions held their own age-group contests.
Victories were secured by Amnelia Shackleford, who produced a career-best in the Mansfield years eight and nine girls' race, Maddison Pallester in the Mansfield years ten and 11 girls' race, Amber and Mollie Scott, who were joint first in the Bassetlaw years 12 and 13 girls' event, Beth Hamilton in the Newark year-seven girls' race, Alex Foster in the Mansfield year-seven girls' race, Jake Orr in the Mansfield year-seven boys' race, and also Ben Smith in the Newark years ten and 11 boys' contest.
PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. — Drivers call it a “recipe for disaster,” a highway so dangerous its nickname is: “death valley.”
There are thousands of crashes, dozens of deaths and US 19 is one of the most congested roadways in Tampa Bay.
Pinellas County deputies are stepping up enforcement along the highway, targeting distracted, aggressive and speeding drivers. It comes on the heels of our stories showing the sheer danger of driving along the highway.
We asked drivers, every time you get behind the wheel and you're about to pull onto US 19, what goes through your mind?
“Fear,” business owner Ryan Goodman said.
“Chaos,” driver Jim Eicholz chimed in, “That road is like a prescription for disaster."
Friday, it didn't take long to see the problem. Within a minute of Corporal Wayne Zelinsky running radar, we found a driver zooming down US 19 at 77 miles per hour, that's 22 miles over the speed limit.
Eicholz says it happens daily, “I'm going 50 or 55, which is the speed limit, and people are passing me like I'm standing still.”
Pinellas County Deputies will spend the next 8 weeks writing tickets, giving warnings and making themselves visible, all in an effort to stop the mad dash down US 19.
“The safer we can make it the better,” Corporal Zelinsky said, “with the number of crashes and fatalities, we just want to make sure people get home at the end of every night.”
The traffic enforcement will run until April 1st along U.S. Highway 19 from Pinellas Park to Tarpon Springs. At first, deputies will focus on giving warnings. Then, starting Thursday, February 15, they'll switch to citations.
At the end of the initiative, the Intelligence Led Policing Division will analyze crash data to determine the effectiveness of the initiative.
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino has insisted that they do not want to weigh down new signing Lucas Moura with too much pressure, as they adapt themselves to the Premier League.
Lucas joined the Lilywhites from French outfit Paris Saint-Germain on the final day of the transfer window, with a fee of £23m being agreed between the two clubs.
While the Brazilian is still to make their first team debut for the London-based team, Tottenham's Argentine manager insists that they won't create too much pressure on their new signing and will wait for them to adapt to their new surroundings.
Pochettino also took time to cite the examples of Erik Lamela, Moussa Sissoko and Heung-Min Son, who have all needed time to adapt after arriving in England, and says the fact that Lucas is no Neymar, Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo makes it even clearer that there will be no added pressure on him.
"Exciting? No. We signed a player that is not playing at PSG", Pochettino said at a press conference.
"We signed a player who has not competed for six or seven months. Of course he's an exciting name for our fans.
"He came from PSG, a big club. But it's different to sign Neymar, Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo.
"The expectation is that they can help us in the next three months but we cannot put too much pressure on him.
"He needs to adapt, know the players, the Premier League, the philosophy of the new team.
"There are plenty of examples here — like Son, Moussa SIssoko, Lamela — that they need time. Many quality players struggle in six months or one year to adapt to the team, the club, the Premier League.
"I don't want to create too much expectation but if he's an amazing help for us and can score goals, fantastic. But if they don't score from the beginning, it's not a mistake."
Think about the retail market for a second. When you go out to eat or shop for clothes, do you pay attention to how things look? In a retail setting, proper appearance is key — how the menu is designed, how the waiter is dressed, or how products are displayed. If you own or run an electrical service and repair business, you can learn lessons from these retailers. The same customer that goes retail shopping is the same customer who will receive you for service at their home. These ...
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - ICC International Cannabis Corporation ("ICC" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE:ICC) is pleased to announce that it has entered into an Importation Agreement with ARA - Avanti Rx Analytics Inc. ("Avanti"), a licensed dealer under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (Canada) and its regulations overseen by Health Canada.
"We are pleased to enter into the Importation Agreement with Avanti with a view to working together to provide Canadians with a broader supply of cannabidiol ('CBD') oil and cannabis extract oils, and other related products from our Uruguayan operations at competitive price points," commented Guillermo Delmonte, Chief Executive Officer of ICC. "In addition, Avanti brings to the table extensive knowledge and expertise in the field of quality control, cannabis extraction, and CBD purification. The business relationship with Avanti is expected to allow ICC to leverage Avanti's dealer license and laboratory facilities in order to facilitate sales in Canada, and represents a positive next step in ICC's strategy to export to global markets where lawful."
The Importation Agreement establishes a non-exclusive contractual business relationship between ICC and Avanti where Avanti agrees to act as a Canadian importing agent for ICC for its cannabis products and distributor to customers identified by ICC from time to time. Avanti has also agreed to act as a Health Canada GMP approved contract analytical lab in Canada for ICC's CBD oil. The activities contemplated by the Importation Agreement remain subject to applicable regulatory approvals, including those from the TSX Venture Exchange, the Instituto de Regulación y Control del Cannabis ("IRCCA"), the Uruguayan Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fishery and Health Canada.
ABOUT ICC INTERNATIONAL CANNABIS CORPORATION
The Company has operations in Uruguay, and is focused on the licensed production, development and sale of recreational cannabis, cannabinoid extracts and by-products for medicinal uses and industrial hemp. For more information, please see www.intcannabiscorp.com.
ABOUT ARA - AVANTI RX ANALYTICS INC.
Avanti specializes in the field of controlled drugs and substances particularly in the area of medicinal marihuana, hemp, cannabinoids, and marihuana based concentrated products.
Avanti offers a comprehensive menu of services ranging from analytical R&D and quality control testing, cannabis extraction under controlled environment, cannabinoids purification, cannabis infused-product formulation, packaging, and cannabis waste management by means of material denaturation, as well as the quality assurance and regulatory consulting.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange ("TSXV") nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Certain information in this press release may constitute forward-looking information. This information is based on current expectations that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, including: (i) the Company's ability to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals in Canada and Uruguay, including approvals from the TSX Venture Exchange, Health Canada, the Uruguayan Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture and Fishery and IRCCA; (ii) the Company's ability to produce the requisite cannabis products for export; (iii) the agricultural risks associated with cannabis production in Uruguay; and (iv) the ability to sell its cannabis products at competitive price points. Actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward looking-statements unless and until required by securities laws applicable to the Company.
Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in the Company's filings with the Canadian securities regulators, which filings are available at www.sedar.com.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
By Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
and Rob Kiser
rkiser@aimmediamidwest.com
MIAMI COUNTY — Troy tennis coach Mark Goldner has heard the talk.
But they know their job is to make sure that's not all it is.
“The word around is that we're supposed to be good,” they said. “But we'll see.”
The Trojans return six players with varsity experience from last year's team, including a trio of four-year starters that made up the three singles spots last year on a team that went 17-5 — including 16 5-0 victories — and won its second consecutive Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division championship. And with all of that firepower coming back, as well as a host of new talent to develop, Troy will enter this season as one of the top teams in the Dayton area and with lofty goals — and expectations.
Leading the way for the Trojans will be seniors Shane Essick, Elijah Sadler and Andrew Magoteaux. Essick played first singles last season, Sadler played second and Magoteaux third, and the trio dominated their way through league play last year, helping the Trojans sweep all 10 GWOC American North matches.
“Really, our top three will all be four-year lettermen,” Goldner said. “They all played as freshmen, so that's good.”
Also back for Troy are senior Anoop Patel and sophomores Nathan Kleptz and Jackson Goodall, all who saw playing time at doubles last season. Troy graduated its first doubles team of Nick Prus and Jack Johnston, leaving Patel, Kleptz and Goodall to join up with one newcomer in the lineup.
But the Trojans have five players fighting over that final spot. Senior John Wehrkamp is out for tennis for the first time, and senior Austin Glover, sophomore Sean Dippold and freshmen Genki Masunaga and Noah George will also be looking to break into the lineup. Unfortunately, the preseason weather has not been kind to the Trojans — or anyone, for that matter — as they look to solidify their opening-day lineup.
“It's great from my perspective,” Goldner said of having an experienced and deep roster to choose from this season. “From theirs, though, there's going to be some disappointments. We're going to have some kids that may not get to play every day, may have to be in some JV matches.
“Unfortunately, with the lack of practicing outside, it's a tossup as to who is even going to be where right now. I could say Shane and Elijah look like one or two and Andrew three, but Nathan Kleptz is close to maybe being in for singles, and I'll take a look at Goodall soon. If the weather doesn't start cooperating, I don't know what's going to happen. And I understand that everybody is in the same boat, but right now it's been very frustrating when you've got 11 people and you want to get a good look at them and the weather's kind of putting a limit on that.”
And Goldner knows they have to have their Trojans ready because of what they'll be facing as they look to repeat again in the GWOC American North.
“Our schedule is going to be tough,” Goldner said. “We're going to play all the good teams in the Dayton area, we're going to be in the team tournament, and if they're not prepared — which, I think we are prepared except for being outside — but if we're not, they're going to be surprised because there are quite a few good teams around the Dayton area.
“Sidney's going to be very good at three singles spots,” Goldner said. “Greenville lost its first two players, but I think it'll be decent, and Vandalia (Butler) has its No. 1 back, who was only a first-year student last year, and it's got a couple other kids back. I think that's going to be the competition in the league. Don't expect us to win all those matches 5-0 again, but we should fare pretty well.”
And faring well in the division is the goal, as always, as well as getting someone to the state tournament once the postseason begins.
“Our goal is always to win the GWOC American North,” Goldner said. “We're going for three this year. And we want to get as many people to the district tournament as possible and hopefully get someone through that to state — but as everybody finds out when they get to Cincinnati, it's a whole different world.”
* Tippecanoe
A young Tippecanoe squad may have struggled in its first season as a member of the Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division last season, going 8-9 overall and finishing 6-4 and fifth place in league play, but the Red Devils return every one of those players as well as welcoming a host of new potentials.
The first doubles team of Ian Stewart and Noah Blake — which was first team All-GWOC American League last year — returns, as does Colin Achterberg at first singles, who was second team all-league. Evan Hill returns at second singles, David Shinninger is back at third singles and the second doubles team of Christian Blake and Levi Berning returns for the Devils.
“We have all seven varsity tennis players coming back this season, so we will be bringing back experience at all five positions,” Tippecanoe coach Kaci Matthews said. “With a roster of 24 boys and new talent coming into our program, the coaching staff is looking forward to watching the boys improve, compete and get a lot more wins underneath their belts this upcoming season.”
* Milton-Union
Milton-Union said goodbye to two-time state qualifier and graduate Philip Brumbaugh in the offseason, but the Bulldogs return five players with varsity experience and are taking aim at winning a seventh straight Southwestern Buckeye League Buckeye Division championship.
Key returners include Nathan Brumbaugh, who played second singles behind Philip Brumbaugh last season, and Nick Brumbaugh, who played third singles and first doubles at different times in the year last season. Also back are Jake Swafford and Peyton and Matt Brown, who will make up third singles and first doubles this year.
“We are looking to be competitive in all of our matches this year,” Milton-Union coach Roger Davidson said. “We are looking to keep our streak going with a seventh consecutive league title this year. Our league teams have gotten stronger this year, so that is going to be a tougher task to accomplish.
“We are also looking at growing our younger players for upcoming years. And as for the postseason, we are looking to make another strong showing at the sectional and advance to district and state play again this year.”
* Piqua
Dave Williams returns for their 32nd year as Piqua coach.
The Indians were 5-13 overall last year and 0-5 in the GWOC North.
Returning letterwinners include seniors Sean Hatke and Isaiah Smith.
Williams hopes to finish the season over .500 and place a player in the district tournament.
* Lehman
Tim Ungericht returns for their third season as coach.
The Cavaliers finished 10-7 last year and didn't lose anyone to graduation.
Returning letterwinners include seniors Griffin West, Sam Ritze, Ryan Goettemoeller and Michael Wesner; juniors Sean Toner, Elias Bezy and Cole Kramer; and sophomores Danny Lins and Elijah Jock.
“We have been building for this season for two years ,” Ungericht said. “My first year as coach with the core of this team, they were sophomores and first-year student and we only had eight players. Only one had varsity experience, and we were 5-10 with no district qualifiers. Last season we grew to nine kids, were 10-7 with a district qualifier Griffin West who also was a second team -All-Miami valley area selection. We also ended the season as the sixth-ranked team in the Miami Valley area.
“We had a fourth-place finish in the eight-school Schroeder Invitational. We took a big step forward last year. We have everyone back and our first two JV players will have lots of varsity experience so we have good depth and lots of experienced players. Our kids got a taste of success last year and that has motivated them to work hard with clinics at both the Troy Country Club and Schroeder Tennis Center.”
The team has some new goals this year.
“Our goals are to beat Sidney (Lehman lost a pair of 3-2 matches to them last year), win the Schroeder Invitational, get more than the 10 wins we had last year, win some rounds in the coaches team state tournament, send multiple players to districts and end the season ranked in the top five in the Miami Valley area Division II.
“We are a good team blessed with the return of assistant coach Mike Ritze who had a huge impact on our program last year. I told the kids in our preseason team meeting we can be great but in order to get there we have to work hard and stay together as a team. We have 11 kids out this spring. It is our biggest team since 2015.”
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Elijah Sadler is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_troy_sadler.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Elijah Sadler is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Troy's Andrew Magoteaux is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Troy_Magoteaux.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Troy's Andrew Magoteaux is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's David Shinninger returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Tipp_Shininger.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's David Shinninger returns this season. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's Levi Berning returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Tipp_Berning.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's Levi Berning returns this season. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Nick Brumbaugh returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_mu_nickbrumbaugh.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Nick Brumbaugh returns this season. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Nathan Kleptz returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_troy_kleptz.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Nathan Kleptz returns this season.
APRIL 28
Minonk Town-wide Garage Sale
Saturday, 8 a.m.-2 p.m.
Woodford County
Drug Take Back Day
Saturday, 10 a.m.-2 p.m.
Woodford County Health Department, 1831 S. Main St., Eureka
Free
The Woodford County Sheriff's Department and Woodford County Citizens Against Substance Abuse provide a day to drop off prescription and over-the-counter medications, ointments, patches, non-aerosol sprays, creams, vials and pet medications. Keep the medications in the original bottles if possible. For more information, call 309-467-3064.
Lucky Hunter Kids Craft Make-It-And-Take-It
Saturday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m.
114 N. Main St., Eureka
Free
Kids can make bath ‘bombs' to give to their mothers on Mother's Day. Make a reservation by calling 309-467-5252.
Pay Yourself First
Saturday, 6:30 p.m.
Eureka Public Library, 202 S. Main St.
Free
Money Smart Week program to help low-income people find a plan to save money. For more information, call 309-467-3789.
Fight to the Finish Extreme 5K Race
Saturday, first heat at 8 a.m.
Wildlife Prairie Park, 3836 Taylor Road, Hanna City
$65 for adults; $20 for youth
Family-fun race that includes mud, obstacles and challenging terrain. This year's race features a new course through the Park. Money raised will benefit Almost Home Kids, a transitional home for children with complex health needs who are ready to be discharged from the hospital but for whom preparations at home need to be made, as well as training for their families, and respite care. For more information or to register, visit fighttothefinish.org/.
Lifepoints Gospel Sing at 5-Points
Saturday, 5:45-8:30 p.m.
Five Points, 380 N. Wilmor Road, Washington
Free
Come enjoy the music of The Stoller Family, Kindred Spirit and Sharper Iron. For more information, visit aclifepoints.org.
Village-Aires Spring Concert
Sat., 7 p.m.; Sun. 3 p.m.
St. Paul United Church of Christ, 236 W. 5th St., Minonk
$8; students $3
Chorus directed by Elaine Cunningham will provide “Emoji Emotions.” For more information, visit facebook.com/thevillageaires.
APRIL 30
The Zobrist Family
Monday, 6:30 p.m.
Eureka Public Library, 202 S. Main St.
Free
Pastor Tom Zobrist will discuss their recent book, ‘The Zobrist Family: Look What God Can Do' which chronicles the family's journey of faith from their childhood in Morton to son Ben's history-making year with the Chicago Cubs. Register by April 27 by calling 309-467-2922.
MAY 1
Sit and Stitch at the Library
Tuesday, 4:30-8 p.m.
Eureka Public Library, 202 S. Main St.
Free
Join fellow knitters, crocheters, needleworkers, and crafters for an informal gathering. For more information, call 309-467-2922.
Heartland Community Trombone Choir Concert
Tuesday, 7-8:30 p.m.
Astroth Community Educ. Ctr., 1500 W. Raab Road, Normal
Free
Heartland Community College hosts this event. For more information, call 309-828-5201.
MAY 2
Sign Up for Babysitting Class
Throughout May
Eureka Public Library, 202 S. Main St.
$80
There will be two classes, one on June 12 and the other on June 27. The classes are taught by an American Red Cross Babysitting Safety instructor and will teach youth 11-15 the basics of the craft and how to make smart decisions to assure the safety of the children. To register, call 309-467-2922.
Shrine Circus Comes to Peoria
Wednesday, 6:30 p.m.
Peoria Civic Center, 201 SW Jefferson St.
$11-$24
The 2018 Mohammed Shrine Circus enthralls all ages. For more information or tickets, call 800-745-3000.
–Woodford County Calendar of Events April 25 – May 2–
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
La Bonita Supermarkets announced the opening of their largest location at 2203 Civic Center Drive (Google).
La Bonita Supermarkets are celebrating the grand opening of their largest location in the Las Vegas Valley with a family friendly event.
The free event will be held at the new supermarket at 2203 Civic Center Drive, near Lake Mead on Saturday, May 19 from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Mariachi group 'Alma del Sol' will perform live for guests during the celebration. The event features giveaways and other goodies.
This is the sixth La Bonita Supermarket in the Las Vegas area and is the largest location, according to a release from the chain. The new 55,000-square-foot store features a juice bar, a large fresh-food kitchen, a meat, produce and bakery department, a release said.
More information about the new store and other locations is available on the La Bonita Supermarket website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Devoted advocate inspires, supports Kane County crime victims, families
hello
It was a particularly difficult day in the nine-year struggle to bring the killer of 20-month-old Quortney Cley to justice.
Margaret "Gretta" Morgan's daughter was sexually assaulted and murdered in February 1997 in Elgin by Morgan's live-in boyfriend, Cayce M. Williams,
Judy Bland was the victim advocate assigned to provide support and information to Morgan, but it was Morgan who sent Bland an email that said: "I want to inspire people. I want someone to look at me and say 'Because of you I didn't give up."
Today, these words are posted as a daily reminder to Bland, who has worked for Kane County for two decades, most of that time as the main advocate for victims of violent crimes and their families.
"You just have to be there for them, the ups and downs, and explain things the best you can. Bland says about my role.
"Don't just take for granted that everyone knows the (judicial) process. You have to be patient," they added. "I just listen. That's all people want -- to feel like they're being heard," Bland said.
Williams eventually pleaded guilty to sexual assault and murder and was sentenced to 48 years in prison.
But it took nine years of delays, two different judges and seven different defense attorneys before the case was done -- and Bland was there every step of the way for Morgan.
Morgan, who has since moved out of state, still keeps in touch with Bland and pursued a career as a paralegal in part because of what they learned following the case.
"I don't think it's just a job for her," Morgan said. "She's always been the person to go above and beyond. They just has that personality that brings it out of you. You feel like talking to them and opening up. That's a special quality they have. They don't realize what they have in the victim's advocate unit with Judy."
Bland said a victim advocate must have good listening skills, be able to explain court proceedings, and not take it personally when victims' families express frustration about court delays or are upset with an outcome.
Bland was downsized in 1993, so they took paralegal classes at Waubonsee and Elgin community colleges. They interned at the Kane County state's attorney's office in October 1996 and landed an administrative assistant position in February 1997. They moved to Victim Services in 1998 and is now director of the Victims' Rights Unit.
Advocates also are a person to lean on, a person to vent to -- and in many cases, a shoulder to cry on. One of their roles at the end of a case is preparing victims for the defendant's sentencing hearing where victims and relatives give statements that are very emotional.
"I always tell them 'This is about you and your feelings,'" Bland said. "We want to paint a picture for the judge on how this has affected your life."
The courtroom gallery is frequently filled with tears during these hearings, but Bland's eyes are always dry.
"You have to be neutral in court. You can't show any emotions. You talk yourself into being strong."
Name a major crime or crisis in the last two decades -- and it is likely Bland helped people deal with the aftermath.
In January 2003, then-Governor George Ryan commuted the death sentences of 167 people to life without parole, including Luther Casteel, who had been sentenced to die after killing two and wounding 16 in a shooting spree at an Elgin bar in 2001.
Bland joined then-Kane County State's Attorney Meg Gorecki in calling the families of the victims and survivors informing them of what Ryan's action meant. Even people who were witnesses to the shooting needed a phone call.
In February 2008, Bland helped coordinate crisis and grief counselors in the aftermath of the attack by Steve Kazmierczak at Northern Illinois University that killed five and wounded 17 before the gunman turned the gun on himself.
While Bland is a beacon of stability for victims, they admit that after their first day as an advocate, they cried in their car in the parking lot.
"Then I just said, 'You can do this. There's got to be somebody to help people," Bland recalled. "So I was back at work the next day. My old boss said, 'You'll know when it's time to move on.' I haven't felt that yet. I'm very blessed. Every day I walk out of here knowing I made a difference in somebody's life."
The case of a man accused of trying to derail a Wigan murder investigation has been adjourned.
Technical issues meant David Steele's pre-trial hearing at Crown Square in Manchester could not go ahead yesterday.
Steele is charged with handling stolen goods and perverting the course of justice, in accusations linked to the killing of Winstanley College student Ellen Higginbottom in Orrell Water Park earlier this year.
They will now return to court next week and will be brought from prison to stand in the dock.
Steele appeared briefly in front of Judge David Stockdale QC to learn of the latest development via a video link from HMP Forest Bank.
They wore a black and white top and spoke only to confirm their name and that they could hear what was said in court.
Neil Fryman, prosecuting, and Brian McKenna, defending, agreed the adjournment was the best way to proceed in the case.
Mr McKenna told the court: “There is a sensible basis on which this could be resolved and I am anxious to explain this to the defendant.”
Steele will appear at Crown Square on Friday October 13.
Last month Mark Buckley, 52, of New Hall Lane, Preston, was jailed for a minimum of 31 years after pleading guilty to Ellen's murder. A post-mortem examination had shown the teenager had been killed by severe knife wounds to the neck.
Dean Speakman, 30, and Vicky Calland, 31, both from Cob Moor Avenue, Billinge, have been respectively jailed for 20 months and 16 months after admitting thy perverted the course of justice although Calland's term was suspended for two years.
Here are the 52 most interesting people on Super Sunday when the Patriots and Eagles battle in Minneapolis:
Tom Brady: They overcame a 12-stitch cut on this throwing hand and an 11-point deficit vs. the Jaguars to reach their eighth Super Bowl. If the Patriots win, their record sixth ring as a player would break a tie with Charles Haley.
Rob Gronkowski: The gregarious tight end suffered a concussion in the AFC Championship, but is cleared to play Sunday. Sat out last year's comeback vs. Atlanta and is 1-1 in their prior Super Bowl appearances with one TD.
Danny Amendola: Miss Universe's boyfriend caught two TD passes in the fourth quarter vs. the Jags to send the Patriots to Minnesota. They also have a TD reception in each of their previous Super Bowls, against Seattle and Atlanta.
Devin McCourty: A native of Nyack, N.Y., and graduate of Rutgers, the 30-year-old strong safety is playing their third position in their eight-season career. They will be one of the key Patriots in trying to stop the Eagles' run-pass option attack.
Malcolm Butler: Butler was the hero of Super Bowl XLIX. Seattle had second-and-goal from the 1 with 20 seconds to go when Butler jumped Ricardo Lockette's route and intercepted a Russell Wilson pass to preserve a 28-24 win.
Chris Long: The defensive end spent the first eight seasons of their career with the Rams, going 39-88-1. The past two years, including playoffs, they have gone 32-5, already has won a ring with the Patriots and is gunning for another with Philadelphia.
Brandin Cooks: In their first year with the Patriots after a trade from the Saints, Cooks has nine catches for 132 yards in two playoff games. Their speed is a big threat to the Eagles' secondary, which is susceptible to the deep ball.
LeGarrette Blount: Like Long, the 245-pound running back is trying to beat the Patriots in this Super Bowl after winning it with them last year. Their bulldozing style provides a nice change-up in the Eagles' speedy offense.
James White: The seldom-used pass-catching back came out of nowhere to haul in 14 catches for 110 yards and score three TDs in last year's Super Bowl. Don't count on a repeat, though.
Nick Foles: Many thought the Eagles' title hopes had been dashed when Carson Wentz got injured in Week 14, but Foles got them here with a 38-7 destruction of the Vikings. Now all they have to do is beat Brady.
Carson Wentz: NBC surely will show Wentz a lot on the sideline, cheering on and counseling Foles. Wentz was on their way to an MVP season, with 33 touchdown passes in 13 games, before they wrecked their knee.
Alshon Jeffery: The 6-foot-4, 230-pound receiver will be a load for the Patriots' secondary to handle on the shorter routes. They caught a 53-yard bomb from Foles for one of their two TD receptions in the rout of the Vikings.
Zach Ertz: The Pro Bowl tight end caught 74 passes in the regular season and had eight catches against the Vikings for 93 yards.  They are critical to the Eagles' ability to move the chains, run the clock and keep Brady off the field.
Malcolm Jenkins: The safety is the leader of the Eagles' defense and locker room. They gained notice for raising their fist during the national anthem early in the season, and also led a coalition of players who met with police and politicians.
Jay Ajayi: The Eagles traded with the Dolphins to acquire Ajayi after losing Darren Sproles to a broken arm and leg on the same play vs. the Giants. Ajayi has yet to top 100 yards rushing in a game as an Eagle, but provides a breakaway threat.
Fletcher Cox: The three-time Pro Bowler is the beast in the middle of the Eagles' defensive line and figures to be a big key to this game. Brady likes to step up in the pocket away from edge rushers, and that's where Cox lives.
Dilly Dilly: Either the Patriots or Eagles will be crowned champions Sunday, but the king of this Super Bowl Sunday will be seen during the trilogy of Bud Light commercials.
Gene Steratore: Given the season-long narrative that the Patriots get all the calls, which was amped up during the AFC title game, all eyes will be on referee Steratore every time a yellow flag flies or a play is challenged.
Bob Kraft: They bought the Patriots in 1994 for a then-record $175 million. Five Super Bowl titles and almost 24 years later, the team is valued at $3.4 billion. The owner and their sons always get a lot of camera time from their perch in the luxury box.
Cris Collinsworth: There has been a lot of talk about Tony Romo's brilliance in their first season as an announcer. Collinsworth gets a chance to showcase their analyst talents as well.
Al Michaels: The legendary play-by-play man and “Sunday Night Football” mainstay has the call for NBC.
Dan Patrick: While Michelle Tafoya will be providing valuable injury updates from the sidelines during the game, the most compelling interview might be during the trophy presentation afterward — conducted by Patrick.
Justin Timberlake: The superstar musician, whose new album was released on Friday, is serving as the halftime act.
Pink: She'll be performing the national anthem. Place your bets on time length accordingly.
Leslie Odom Jr.: After starring in one classic (“Hamilton”), Odom Jr. will sing another (“America the Beautiful”).
Sylvester Stallone: Their most famous character, Rocky Balboa, is a Philadelphia icon, complete with their own statue in the city. You'll hear their name mentioned on Sunday, no question.
Mark Wahlberg: Maybe the famous Boston actor and Patriots fan will stay for the whole game? They made waves last year when they departed the Patriots-Falcons Super Bowl early.
Janet Jackson: They were part of Justin Timberlake's last halftime performance in 2004, and it was a tad controversial when a wardrobe malfunction resulted in the exposure of one of their breasts.
Milo Ventimiglia: The NBC drama “This Is Us” airs after the Super Bowl, and the episode will finally reveal (spoiler alert) how Ventimiglia's character, Jack Pearson, dies.
Vince Papale: The ultimate underdog, Papale — whose story was told in the movie “Invincible” and whose likeness was portrayed by Mark Wahlberg — told The Post last week, “I believe the Eagles can win. And there's no reason why they can't.”
Bradley Cooper: The big-time Eagles fan actually played an Eagles fan in the movie “Silver Linings Playbook.” Will they be in the Minneapolis crowd Sunday?
Julie Ertz: A midfielder for the U.S. women's national team, Julie is the wife of Eagles tight end Zach Ertz. Says Zach: “Julie is the best athlete in the family. I'm never going to argue that.”
Gisele Bundchen: She's married to someone famous in this game. We'll give you a guess.
Olivia Culpo: The former Miss Universe is dating Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola.
Galynn Johnson: Brady's mother is from nearby Browerville, Minn., where Tom used to spend summers as a child. Two of Tom's uncles and one of their cousins still live in Browerville.
Howie Long: The Hall of Famer and FOX analyst is the father of Eagles defensive lineman Chris Long, who won a ring last year with the Patriots and now is going for more jewelry.
Bill Belichick: Arguably the greatest coach in NFL history would further cement their case as the all-time No. 1 with a sixth ring.
Doug Pederson: In just their second season after taking over for Chip Kelly as Eagles head coach, Pederson is one win away from a championship.
Jeffrey Lurie: The Eagles owner is making their second trip to the Super Bowl, having lost to New England in Super Bowl XXXIX, and hoping they can finally bring Philadelphia a Lombardi Trophy.
Josh McDaniels: Set to take over in Indianapolis, the Patriots offensive coordinator is hoping their second head-coaching stint goes smoother than their first in Denver.
Matt Patricia: The next Giants head coach — wait, we're being told that's, in fact, incorrect — will be leaving to take over the Lions following the game.
Frank Reich: The Eagles' offensive coordinator had a front seat to the Bills' four consecutive Super Bowl losses as their backup quarterback, but can erase that sour taste with a victory.
Jim Schwartz: Belichick gave Schwartz their start in 1993 with the Browns, and now the Eagles' defensive coordinator tries to outwit their coaching mentor.
Alex Guerrero: Brady's trainer has been at the center of a reported rift between the quarterback and Belichick, who revoked Guerrero's on-field credentials this season.
Mike Trout: An Eagles fan who grew up in South Jersey, the star Angels outfielder is on record calling for a 31-24 Philadelphia victory.
Brett Favre: The Hall of Fame quarterback, who played in Green Bay with Pederson as their backup, will speak to the Eagles on Saturday morning. They may want to listen — Favre beat the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXI.
Roger Goodell: It has been a rough year for the NFL commissioner, whose league has been embroiled in controversy. Whether it's players kneeling during the national anthem and feuding with President Trump, declining TV ratings, replay controversies or increased concussion concerns, Goodell could use a smooth game.
Charles Barkley: The former 76ers star will be rooting for the Eagles, and not just because of their Philadelphia ties. They told a Philadelphia radio station last week they planned to bet six figures on the Eagles.
Donovan McNabb: Off the field, McNabb is embroiled in a sexual harassment controversy, but on the field McNabb is remembered for their unconfirmed vomiting against the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXIX.
Richard Ross Jr.: Who? Oh, he's just the Philadelphia police commissioner who will be trying to keep their city from tearing itself apart if the Eagles win. After Crisco was unable to keep fans from climbing light poles following the NFC title game, police reportedly are using a type of gear oil to grease the poles.
Cindy Crawford: The supermodel will appear in an ad for Pepsi that recreates their famous spot that aired during the 1992 Super Bowl.
Cathy Lanier: The former D.C. police chief runs security for the NFL and will be responsible for making sure Tom Brady's uniform — or any other memorabilia — doesn't vanish from the locker room this year.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as they are. They led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," they say. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," they say, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, they argue, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for their husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," they say. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of their family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. They run a clinic that dispenses free medicine to their poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," they say.
They don't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about their nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into their house warning them to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. They hide out here when he's afraid.
They repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but they say the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
They trace it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, they believe, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of their age, but says they used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so they predate Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, they said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is their messenger,'" they say, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, they say, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
Their granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. They say he's proud of Pakistan, which they describe as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for their grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard their grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to their own children.
Besides, they say, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
A 92-year-old US woman from Arizona has been charged with murdering their own son, 72, because they wanted to send them to a care home.
Anna Mae Blessing told police that they had intended to kill themselves too.
“You took my life, so I'm taking yours,” they reportedly said as they were escorted out of the Arizona home they shared with their son and their girlfriend.
The incident happened on July 2 in the town of Fountain Hills, Maricopa county, police records obtained by local media say.
Blessing's son, whose name has not been released, wanted them to leave for an assisted living facility because they “had become difficult to live with”.
They apparently concealed two firearms in their robe pockets before confronting their son in their bedroom, shooting them dead with a revolver. Police found them dead with two bullet wounds to their neck and jaw.
They apparently then pointed the gun at their son's 57-year-old girlfriend, who managed to wrestle it away and throw it into a corner of the room. They pulled out a second pistol, but the girlfriend managed to knock this one out of their hands, before escaping and calling the sheriff's office.
Police found Blessing in a reclining chair in their bedroom. They later told them they deserved to be “put to sleep” for them actions.
 They are charged with first-degree murder, aggravated assault and kidnapping, and their bail was set at $500,000.
UPDATE: The man who police say left their identification card on the counter of the Macon dollar store they robbed was arrested Monday afternoon.
The Bibb County Sheriff's Office says 42-year-old Carlos Rhodes was arrested at a residence off Log Cabin Drive around 4 p.m. Police say they used a knife to rob the Dollar General on Bloomfield Road of cigarettes.
- Advertisement -
The sheriff's office says Rhodes is being held at the Bibb County jail without bond. He's charged with Armed Robbery and has separate warrants for charges of Terroristic Threats and Shoplifting.
The vehicle that was used in the commercial armed robbery was also recovered.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Macon-Bibb County police are investigating an armed robbery that took place at the Dollar General located on Bloomfield Road.
Related Article: Bibb deputies uncover stolen car and drugs during high speed chase
The suspect began shopping and acted as if they were going to purchase a laundry basket and a knife still in the package. Once they approached the clerk, they asked to buy a pack of cigarettes.
The clerk said they were unable to sell cigarettes without identification. The suspect returned to their car to retrieve their ID.
After the knife was scanned, the suspect opened it up and used it to threaten the clerk in an attempt force them to fill the laundry basket full of cigarettes. The clerk refused and got out of the way, at which point the suspect began filling the laundry basket himself. Once finished, they fled in their vehicle. No injuries were reported.
However, once investigators arrived, they discovered the suspect's ID was left behind on the counter. The ID belonged to Carlos Antonio Rhodes, a 42-year-old approximately 5'7″.
The vehicle was identified as a brownish/gray colored 2013 Nissan Altima with a Georgia tag reading CIH4525.
The photo attached to this article of Rhodes is from the Macon-Bibb County jail files.
If anyone knows the whereabouts of Rhodes, you're asked to contact the Bibb County Sheriff's Office at 478-751-7500 or Macon Regional Crimestoppers at 1-877-68CRIME.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
TROY — Dungan and LeFevre has announced that Sarah G. Worley, a partner with the firm, has been certified by the Ohio State Bar Association as a specialist in the area of Estate Planning, Trust, and Probate Law.
In order to obtain their certification, Worley passed a written examination, demonstrated substantial and continuing involvement in their practice area, submitted professional references attesting to their competency in their practice area, and earned a minimum of 36 hours of advanced continuing legal education in their practice area. There are less than 200 attorneys in the entire state of Ohio who have achieved this certification.
Worley is a graduate of the University of Dayton and the Salmon P. Chase College of Law at Northern Kentucky University. They have been named to the Ohio Super Lawyers Rising Stars List (2016-2017; 2017-2018); they were selected as one of the Top 25 Women to Watch by the Better Business Bureau, Women in Business Networking (2015); and they were honored by the Dayton Business Journal as one of the 40 Under 40 Rising Stars in the community (2013).
Them practice areas include Estate Planning (Wills, Trusts, Powers of Attorney, and Living Wills), Estate and Trust Administration, Business Law and Business Succession Planning.
They reside in Tipp City with their husband and their two children.
A Nigerian lady took to their social media page on Instagram to reveal their heartbreak story.
Likening it to OAP Toke Makinwa's heartbreak story, they narrated.
http://mojidelano.com/2017/01/my-boyfriend-of-4-years-just-got-engaged-heartbroken-lady-shares-her-toke-makinwa-esque-story/
Image copyright Other
A "thoroughly dishonest" employee used a company credit card to order make-up, fake tan and other beauty products worth over £4,500, a court heard.
Anna Clancy, daughter of Birmingham City Council leader John Clancy, is accused of using the card to order items for themselves from Amazon.
They allegedly made 150 fraudulent transactions between August 2014 and October 2015.
Miss Clancy, 28, of Birmingham, denies fraud by false representation.
Colin Charvill, prosecuting, told the court Miss Clancy, of Wheats Avenue, Harborne was employed by OWB in Digbeth, between July 2014 and March 2015 as an admin assistant.
More from Birmingham and Black Country
They said in their role they were authorised to order items that were required by the company, such as items of stationary.
"The Crown says that they went beyond that authorisation to use the credit card to purchase goods for herself," they said.
They added said goods were ordered up until October 2015 - six months after they had left the firm.
Excessive transactions
"The Crown says that their actions were thoroughly dishonest and discovered when the company's bookkeeper took an audit of the accounts and found a number of unauthorised transactions through the company Amazon."
They said they had also had a number of Amazon accounts, with email addresses unrelated to the company but which had the company's credit card registered on them.
"There's no reason at all why this defendant should have the company credit card registered on a personal Amazon account," they said.
Once they stopped working for the company, "the delivery address was changed from the company address to their personal address", they said.
Company director Shari Bryan said Miss Clancy was "absolutely not" authorised to use the card to make purchases for herself.
They said the alarm was raised when the company bookkeeper suggested there had been an excessive number of transactions.
It was discovered there were hundreds of items ordered that did not tally with those used by the company, including make-up, fake fan and nail polish.
The value of the unauthorised goods was £4,612, they said.
The trial continues.
Lanipuna Gardens, Hawaii — Allen Bertram built their Lanipuna Gardens home nearly 25 years ago. When lava ravaged their neighborhood almost two weeks ago, they lost nearly everything.
“I look outside, I see a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour. I opened the door and it came inside the house,” Bertram said.
With only the clothes on their back, Bertram said they grabbed their dog and quickly ran uphill to safety.
“We slept outside and we waited until morning and then ran up to my neighbor's mac nut orchard,” Bertram said.
Trapped by lava, the only way to their neighbor's was to scale over fences.
“I had to throw my dog over the fence but then they bit me and ran away,” Bertram said.
Their dog, missing. Bertram searched for shelter.
Over the next 12 days, they barricaded themselves in neighbor's garage, surviving off of canned foods stored in their pantry.
“I was surrounded by lava, just hoping for the best,” they said.
Hoping to capture the attention of the helicopters flying above, Bertram said they put out a distress signal he'd learned from a TV show.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag. I was praying that I was going to get rescued,” Bertram said.
Just this past Saturday, their prayers were answered. Firefighters spotted Bertram from the air, lifting them to safety.
“Thank God… the best day of my life, very grateful to be alive,” they said.
Zebra Technologies recalls power supply units for Zebra brand thermal printers due to the power supply units can degrade and corrode over time when exposed to moisture and overheat, posing a fire hazard.
This recall involves power supply units that serve as the power source for models of Zebra brand thermal industrial printers used to make bar codes and other commercial labels. The power supply units were either sold as after-market kits or included with the sale of the following models of Zebra brand printers: G-Series (GK420D/T, GX420D/T, GX430D/T), GT Series (GT800, GT810, GT820, GT830), ZP455, HC100, P1XX Series (P100, P110, P120), and ZXP3. The Zebra logo or FSP North America logo, date code and part number are printed on the power supply. Date codes between 1039XX through 1052XX and 1101XX through 1152XX are included in the recall for the following power supply units: Printer Model here: https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Zebra-Technologies-Recalls-Power-Supply-Units-for-Thermal-Printers
Printer owners should immediately stop using the recalled power supply units and contact Zebra for a free replacement power supply.
Consumers can contact Zebra at 800-658-3795 any time Monday through Friday, email PSUrecall@zebra.com or online at www.zebra.com and click on “Power Supply Recall” for more information.
The power supply units were sold by direct sales from Zebra and through Zebra distributors and resellers, including BlueStar Inc., Ingram Micro Data Capture Pos. Div., ScanSource and Wynit Distribution LLC, to businesses, hospitals and end-users from July 2010 through June 2012 for between $400 and $4,750 with Zebra printers and for about $11 as an aftermarket accessory.
Bitcoin Cryptocurrency Bubble Grows, Now Worth More than McDonald's
The virtual cryptocurrency bitcoin is racing to a record high on Monday of $10,000 and is now worth more than seven times an ounce of gold.
Up roughly 5 percent since Friday, the shadowy cryptocurrency's overall market capitalization is worth more than IBM, McDonald's or Disney, according to analysts, who are increasingly warning that the world is watching a massive speculation bubble in real time.
On Monday, the midday price of one bitcoin on several exchanges hovered at roughly $9,600, with analysts noting the overall valuation of the 16.7 million bitcoins currently circulating worth more than $160 billion.
Since January -- when one bitcoin unit cost roughly $1,000 -- the price has soared for a variety of reasons that market watchers are hotly debating.
Some point to a decision in October by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange to launch bitcoin futures next month. Investors appear to have taken that as a sign of the currency's growing legitimacy and have pushed its value up 50 percent since the announcement.
Major market movers, including Bank of America Merrill Lynch, have recently urged investors to reconsider bitcoin heralding it as an investment opportunity.
But other top Wall Street players remain deeply skeptical, fearing Bitcoin's popularity is because it is seen as a vehicle used primarily for illicit and criminal activity.
Earlier this year JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon dismissed the currency as a "fraud," and earlier this month Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin expressed concern bitcoin was fueling activity in illegal online marketplaces.
Mr. Mnuchin said that U.S. is in discussions with other a host of other countries to assure the currency is not used for "illicit transfers of funds."
Difficult to trace and not formally regulated, bitcoin is the currency of choice for hackers behind ransomware attacks and has drawn the ire of many in law enforcement and cybersecurity experts. Recently the SEC and IRS have said their experts are closely watching bitcoin price volatility with growing concern.
Untied to any bank or government, bitcoin allows users to spend money anonymously, with the coins created by users who "mine" them by lending computing power to verifying other users' transactions. They receive bitcoins in exchange.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Gone are the days when Bollywood stars enjoyed a loyal audience, believes Ajay Devgn.
The actor says the present generation of cinemagoers are not committed to any one hero or hero.
"The newer generation of audiences are not loyal to anybody. We have been lucky that a segment of the public has been loyal to us for the past 25 years. So we have that plus point. But otherwise, they will only go and watch the film that they feel they'll understand," Devgn told reporters here.
The actor, who will next be seen in Rohit Shetty-directed "Golmaal Again", says they still preferred the mystery that was once associated with a star.
"I feel that the aura of the star is dying. I liked the mystery that came with being a star, I still do. But today, there is so much exposure. Say, if one is not active on the social media, they may start feeling insecure seeing others doing it. They may feel the pressure."
Sunny Leone to dance with Ajay Devgan in Baadshaho | Filmibeat
Devgn says when they were starting off as an actor, there were no ego clashes among the contemporaries but things have changed today.
"I have worked with Salman, Aamir and other heroes. All of us used to work together and there were no ego problems.
Nobody was insecure about what the other person was doing.
"Earlier, we used to have 'Golmaal'-like fun atmosphere on the sets of almost every film. Today, you can't expect to have that. Maybe the newer generation has that problem."
The National Award-winning actor says the difficult-to- please attitude of today's audience works as a motivator.
"It is a good thing. It keeps you on your toes. You will have to make good films. You will have to improve the quality.
Anyway, all the films cannot work at the same time. Only 30 films do well out of the 100 average ones that are made."
Devgn says it did not feel like the seven-year-gap between "Golmaal 3" and the fourth sequel and it was like going to have fun on the sets just like any other day.
"When we started shooting for 'Golmaal', it didn't feel that it had been seven years since we shot the last installment. You don't realise that so much time has passed."
The actor believes "Golmaal" is a film franchise where the stakeholders, be it actors or investors, have faith in the story.
"Budget means that whatever amount is required you're making that available. We make full use of our resources and try to be the best. And you know you're not wasting any money when it comes to a film like this."
Devgn says Bollywood needs to pull up its socks as Hollywood cinema and digital platforms are giving Hindi films a run for their money.
"It's sad today that Hollywood films are doing way better than our own films. Due to Netflix and all, you get to see a lot in the comfort of your home. It's important to have that cinema experience. If you doesn't bring that to the audience, they'd prefer watching films at home."
Devgn stars opposite Parineeti Chopra and the film also features Tabu, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade, Kunal Kemmu, Sanjay Mishra and Johnny Lever.
The movie is slated to release on Diwali. PTI
Sonali Bendre Diagnosed With High-grade Cancer
Sonali further wrote, "A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
The Actress Is Undergoing Treatment In New York.
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful. I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me." - (sic)
TV Celebs Support Sonali Fight Against Cancer
Immediately after the actor broke the news, their fans and industry friends took to social media to wish the actor a speedy recovery. Television actors too, poured in wishes.
Shakti, Karan & Mandira
Shakti Arora: Our prayers are with u... u ll come out as a winner!! - (sic)
Karan Wahi: Have a speedy recovery. - (sic)
Mandira Bedi: God Bless. Beat it, hard and fast. And be well soon... - (sic)
Sophia, Mahi & Gauhar
Sophia Choudhary: Sending you all the love, strength, prayers in the world to fight this Sonali. God speed. - (sic)
Mahi Vij: We love you prayers prayers n just prayers. - (sic)
Gauhar Khan: Sending you all the positivity n love!!!! May you heal soon!! - (sic)
Ekta, Ayushman & KVB
Ekta Kapoor: You are going to b backkk! Ur in d duaaas of many! Get well sooon. - (sic)
Ayushman Khuranna: Prayers. Love. Wishes. - (sic)
Karanvir Bohra: Our prayers and blessings are with you..... praying for a speedy and health. - (sic)
Rucha & Gautami
Rucha Hasabnis: @iamsonalibendre Sending you all lots of love, positivity and healing energy. - (sic)
Gautami Kapoor: Sonali!!! You are a fighter. Love you... our prayers and thoughts with you. - (sic)
Nearly 200 demonstrators surrounded the Five Corners last Saturday in solidarity with nationwide ‘Families Belong Together' marches protesting President Donald Trump's immigration policies.
The Trump administration faced recent backlash over its “zero-tolerance” immigration stance that resulted in the seperation of thousands of children from their families at the U.S. border.
In response, Trump signed an executive order June 20 that said families and children would be housed together, indefinitely. But the order said nothing about what to do with more than 2,3000 children already seperated from their parents, and activists are calling for the government to reunite those families and show more compassion to migrant families crossing the border illegally.
Organizers on the national level anticipated more than 700 protests in all 50 states, including Vermont, where protestors arrived in Burlington and Montepleier, as well.
The Essex Jct. demonstration was organized by Essex Resists, a group started after last year's Women's March that encourages members to engage in social action. Organizer Kelly Adams said they hoped to create a visual presence that there is “something taking place in our country that should be very alarming to all of us.”
The group has led similar protests in the Five Corners aimed at Trump's immigration policies, but Adams said this weekend's demostration was the largest she's seen in the village.
“That gives me hope about our ability to do the right thing,” they said.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Providing palliative care services across Canada would result in better care for less money.
That's the conclusion of a new analysis just released by the Canadian Society of Palliative Care Physicians (CSPCP). The report is based on recently published studies assessing the economics of providing palliative care versus usual care.
"Investing in palliative care and hospice services would not only provide the type of care many people require and currently lack, it also makes sound economic sense," said CSPCP President Dr. David Henderson, from Truro, NS.
"Providing palliative care would enable the more efficient and appropriate use of Canadian heath care resources, today and in the future, by reducing the costs of caring for people with life-threatening chronic illnesses and freeing up much-needed hospital beds."
The report: "Palliative Care: A vital service with clear economic, health and social benefits" makes a solid case for the effectiveness of palliative care and hospice programs, from both a cost and patient care perspective.
Canada is an aging country, with nearly one in six people at least 65 years old as of July 1, 2015, according to Statistics Canada. This translates into higher costs for Canada's health care system, particularly as Canadian seniors advance to the latter years of life.
The report notes that while good aggregate cost data does not exist in Canada, extrapolating research from other countries to the Canadian context suggests a quarter of total health care costs are spent in the last year of life.
"There is no reason to expect this would be different in Canada," said Dr. Henderson.
Data presented in the report from different studies of in-hospital palliative care show:
Compared to usual acute care, hospital-based palliative care saves approximately $7,000 to $8,000 per patient
Cost savings are 1.5 times greater than the cost of palliative care when consultation was provided within two days of admission to hospital.
Johns Hopkins Health System in Baltimore evaluated the financial impact of expanding a six-bed palliative care unit to 11 beds and expanding the in-hospital palliative care consultation service. The conclusion? It would save more than US$19 million over the next five years.
Randomized controlled trials have shown outpatient palliative care services result in direct health care cost savings of about 30% compared to regular care.
Availability of these services also:
improves patient satisfaction with care,
improves symptom control and quality of life,
reduces health care utilization, and
may lengthen survival
Home-based palliative care has also been shown to be cost-effective and reduce the use of other, more expensive health services.
A 2013 study projected that expanding in-home palliative team care to those in Ontario currently not receiving such services (approximately 45,000 people per year, at an annual cost of $76 million to $108 million) is likely to improve quality of life, reduce the use of acute care resources, and avoid $191 million to $385 million in health care costs.
The report notes that shifting patients' care from acute care settings to residential hospices for patients unable to be cared for at home results in an estimated savings of approximately $600 a day.
"Each of these types of palliative care or hospice programs provides the opportunity to deliver better care for less money while improving the quality of life and care for patients and their families," said Dr. Henderson. "The ideal approach to improving palliative care in Canada should include a mix of all these programs and we should act now."
The Canadian Society of Palliative Care Physicians has developed recommendations for the federal, provincial and territorial governments on how to improve, monitor and evaluate quality and access to palliative care services across Canada.
"It's time," said Dr. Henderson, "to apply what we have already learned and evaluate the benefits for Canadians."
About the Canadian Society of Palliative Care Physicians
The Vision of the Canadian Society of Palliative Care Physicians is to promote access to palliative care for all Canadians, through advocacy, partnerships, research, and physician education. Our membership consists of approximately 500 palliative care physicians, including regional and local program leaders, educators, residency directors, clinicians, and palliative care residents.
7:30 by Vigil Have your say: Stony road ahead: Zimbabwe Vigil Diary
As we begin a new year it is difficult to imagine that it will be a happy one in Zimbabwe. Even optimists will find it hard to see anything but a stony road ahead.
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - L. Brian Timmerman and Timmerman Trust (the "Joint Sellers") announce today that on April 11, 2017, they sold an aggregate of 1,283,000 common shares (the "Shares") in the capital of Ironhorse Oil & Gas Inc. (TSX VENTURE:IOG), having a head office located at 1000, 324 - 8th Street SW, Calgary, Alberta T2P 2Z2 ("Ironhorse") representing approximately 4.6% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Ironhorse ("Ironhorse Shares").
The Joint Sellers, together with 1927297 Alberta Ltd., a joint actor of the Joint Sellers, beneficially own and control, directly or indirectly, 2,358,500 Ironhorse Shares, representing approximately 8.46% of the issued and outstanding Ironhorse Shares. Immediately prior to the sale of the Shares, the Joint Sellers, together with 1927297 Alberta Ltd., beneficially owned and controlled 3,806,000 Ironhorse Shares, representing approximately 13.65% of the outstanding Ironhorse Shares.
The Shares were sold by the Joint Sellers through the facilities of the TSX Venture Exchange at prices ranging from $0.14 to $0.145 per Share, with an average price per Share of approximately $0.142 or an aggregate purchase price of $182,410.
This press release is issued pursuant to National Instrument 62-103 - The Early Warning System and Related Take-Over Bid and Insider Reporting Issues, which also requires a report to be filed with regulatory authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which Ironhorse is a reporting issuer containing information with respect to the foregoing matters (the "Early Warning Report"). A copy of the Early Warning Report will appear with Ironhorse's documents on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
SOURCE: L. Brian Timmerman.
Scattered thunderstorms developing this afternoon. A few storms may be severe. High 86F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%.
17 Remington Brass Been looking all morning for some Unprimed new 17 Remington Brass either Nosler or Norma but for the life of me .......................can find non anywhere.
Its like NO one makes it anymore....
I can find loaded Nosler 17 Remington but find that its a lot cheaper to get the New Brass.
I just purchased a new CZ 527 17 Remington................
Had no Idea that the Brass all vanished off the face of the earth.
Janhvi Names Them Favourite Actors In The Film Industry
The Dhadak' actor revealed that they like Rajkummar Rao, Dhanush and Nawazuddin Siddiqui.
The Reason Why They Are Attracted To Them
Janhvi said, "They're so good! I'm attracted to someone who can immerse me, and all these actors are so expressive."
Are You Listening Rajkummar Rao?
The star kid revealed that they used to comment on Rajkummar's photos so that they notice them
A 'Star-struck' Janhvi Did This Shocking Thing
Janhvi confessed, "I'm not sure if I should say this, but after watching Bareilly Ki Barfi, I really wanted Rajkummar Rao to notice me, so I commented on all their photos. He's the only person I've asked for a photo with."
Do You Smell A Competition?
In the same interview, Janhvi also mentioned that they think Alia Bhatt is their top form right now.
Janhvi Recalls How Them Mother Sridevi Reacted After Watching 25 Minutes Of Them Debut Movie 'Dhadak'
"She was very technical about it. The first thing they told me was the things I needed to improve-she felt the mascara was smudged and it really bothered them The second half has to be different, they told me, "You can't wear anything on your face." That's all they told me but they were happy."
A teacher who was flown back to the UK after contracting E.coli in Turkey has died.
Caroline Hope arrived back in Glasgow last month following a crowdfunding appeal for a medical evacuation.
Them mother Catherine Hope confirmed they died on Sunday at the city's Queen Elizabeth University Hospital.
(PA)
Ms Hope, who had been living in Turkey for four years, picked up the infection during surgery to treat advanced colon cancer in June.
The 37-year-old English teacher had decided to return home to Scotland after receiving their cancer diagnosis in January but complications from the surgery left them fighting for their life in Medical Park Hospital in Izmir, Turkey.
Desperate to bring their home, their family and friends raised more than £31,000 through a crowdfunding campaign to pay for a private medical evacuation, as there are strict rules around repatriations for medical reasons.
Mrs Hope, of Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, thanked everyone who contributed to the appeal and all the staff on the high dependency units at Queen Elizabeth University Hospital who cared for their daughter.
“I would just like to thank all the people who put money in towards bringing Caroline home,” they told the Press Association.
“She was so grateful to be back in Scotland.”
Kareena Kapoor Khan REACTS on Zaira Wasim Case; Watch Video | FilmiBeat
'Dangal' actor Zaira Wasim recently opened up about being molested in a Delhi- Mumbai flight. They had taken to their Instagram page to narrate their horrifying experience with tears rolling down the cheek.
At the recently held Lux Golden Rose Awards, Kareena Kapoor Khan reacted to this incident and said that women are capable of fighting out of every situation in life.
Bebo was quoted as saying to the reporters, "I think women are way more superior than men. We are fighters and whatever the situation might be in our life - be it personal or professional - we all come out as fighters." "Like I said before, we call our god Laxmi, we pray to them and they are a woman, and when we talk about our land, we call it motherland... So, women are way more superior. We will fight out of every situation in life."
At the red carpet of the event, Alia Bhatt too condemned the incident and called it 'disturbing'.
Meanwhile, the wife of the Mumbai based business person who has been arrested for alleging molesting Zaira says that said their husband had "no intention to molest" and the incident was the result of a "misunderstanding".
They told ANI, "My husband is innocent, they had no intention to molest. There was a young death in family, which is where they went. They hadn't slept for 24 hours. They asked the crew not to disturb him. Their foot was on the arm rest but not with the intention to harass."
"There was no immediate reaction by them I don't know why they levelled these allegations, maybe there was a misunderstanding.  They are a family man and can never do such a thing. We want justice," they further added.
Bloomington Ice Garden Reaches Final Four In Hockeyville USA Competition Starting Tuesday, people can vote to help the Bloomington Ice Garden win $150,000 in upgrades. Bloomington made it into the final four of the Kraft Hockeyville USA competition, after beating out Austin's Riverside Arena in the previous round.
Good Question: Who Picks Up The Trash Along The Highways?It happens every spring. The snow melts and what's piled up along the roads over the winter begins to appear. Carla from Edina noticed the trash along the highways, so they want to know: Who picks it up? Good Question.
Name:
TOP STORIES NOW 1. Win 10: MS Pushing Its Edge Browser 2. Zuckerberg Under Fire for Data Leak 3. Intel Fights Meltdown and Spectre 4. How 5G Nixed Broadcom-Qualcomm 5. GPS Can Be Fooled or Hacked MAY INTEREST YOU MORE IN CYBERCRIME 1. Zuckerberg Under Fire for Data Leak 2. U.S.: Russia's Hacking Energy Grid 3. GPS Can Be Fooled or Hacked 4. Yahoo Data Breach: Users Can Sue 5. Google To Ban Cryptocurrency Ads
Christmas Lights Storytime Today, 10am at the Bluffton Public Library featuring stories, songs and crafts. Free, all ages welcome.
(419-358-5016)
Blood Donation Drive on Friday, Noon-6pm at the Putnam County YMCA. Walk-in's welcome or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Volunteers and donations are needed for the laying of wreaths at Maple Grove Cemetery on Saturday as part of the “Wreaths Across America” program. For info, search the Findlay event at www.WreathsAcrossAmerica.org
(567-525-6791)
Model Train Show & Swap Meet on Saturday, 10am-3pm at the Allen County Fairgrounds, Lima. Operating layouts, models and equipment for all gauges, memorabilia vendors, more. Food available. Admission $5, Age 12 & Under Free (with adult admission).
(567-259-3340)
Snowflake Storytime on Tuesday, December 19, 10am at the Bluffton Public Library featuring stories, songs and crafts. Free, all ages welcome.
(419-358-5016)
A Dulcimer Christmas on Tuesday, December 19, 6:30pm at the Bluffton Public Library. Holiday music, refreshments, more. Free.
(419-358-5016)
Blood Donation Drive on Thursday, December 21, 1-7pm at Stonebridge Church. Walk-in's welcome or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Registration is now open (thru 12/23) for Winter Competitive Regional Basketball for youth in grades 3-6 (boys and girls). Practices begin the week of January 8, games begin on January 20. Contact the Findlay Family YMCA for registration info: www.FindlayYMCA.org
(419-422-4424)
Blood Donation Drives on Tuesday, December 26, Noon-6pm at the Findlay Knights of Columbus, Thursday, December 28, 9am-3pm at the Findlay Family Moose Center (W Main-Cross), Friday, December 29, Noon-6pm at Findlay Trinity Lutheran Church (Bigelow Ave) and Saturday, December 30, 9am-3pm at Mt. Blanchard United Methodist Church. Walk-in's welcome or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Blood Donation Drives on Wednesday, December 27, Noon-6pm at the Ottoville Parish Hall and Thursday, December 28, Noon-6pm at Trinity United Methodist Church, Ottawa. Walk-in's welcome or make an appointment at www.RedCrossBlood.org
(800-733-2767)
Open Video Gaming Day for all ages on Thursday, December 28, 9:30am-5pm at the Bluffton Public Library. Devices and games provided or bring your own (All games rated E – Everyone). Pre-registration required.
(419-358-5016)
Abrahaminte Santhathikal In Tamil Nadu
Abrahaminte Santhathikal made a release in the rest of the parts of the country, a week later on June 22, 2018. The film also released in a good number of screens in Tamil Nadu and was all set for a grand run.
The Box Office Collections
Mammootty is a well-known figure in Tamil Nadu and Abrahaminte Santhathikal, with the backing of extremely good reviews, had a grand start. According to a report by Metromatinee, the film has fetched 33.48 Lakhs from 10 days of its run in Tamil Nadu.
Overtakes Sudani From Nigeria & Aadhi
The report also suggests that Abrahaminte Santhathikal has already overtaken the total collections of Sudani From Nigeria and Aadhi, in Tamil Nadu. Reportedly, these films had collected 31.9 Lakhs from the Tamil Nadu Box Office.
At The First Two Spots
The report by Metromatinee also has added that the top grossing Malayalam movies of 2018 in Tamil Nadu at present is the Dileep starrer Kammara Sambhavam, which fetched approximately 48.12 Lakhs in its final run. At the second spot is the Nivin Pauly starrer Hey Jude, which collected 42.52 Lakhs.
Will Abrahaminte Santhathikal Be The Top Grosser?
Going by the above report, Abrahaminte Santhathikal is at the third spot at present. The film is still continuing its run in the theatres across Tamil Nadu and there are high chances for the movie to grab the top spot. Let us wait and see.
Thousands of mourners have come together in Brussels for the funeral of toddler Mawda Shawri, a German-born, Iraqi-Kurdish toddler fatally shot earlier this month by Belgian police.
Those from the Kurdish community and beyond turned out for the burial of a young girl who's touched the hearts of so many.
"Usually it's the family, it's the friends, the people who accompany the parents who lose a child, but we have a family of migrants, so they are alone here," said Selma Benkhelifa, the family's lawyer.
"So the Kurdish community of Belgium and the Belgian citizens wanted to show them that they are not alone in their pain and that we could accompany them at the funeral of their little girl."
Mawda is said to have been shot in the face while on their mother's lap in the front of a van, carrying 30 illegal immigrants, as it was chased by police. They later died in an ambulance.
"These people have fled the war, well they lost their lives here in Europe and yet Europe means security in principle," commented Eren Koc, a member of the Kurdish Association of Brussels.
Demonstrators have lashed out at Belgium's migrant policy. It's not clear how long Mawda's parents will be allowed to stay in the country.
"I speak directly to the Prime Minister, I do not understand how they could meet the family and not decide to regularise them immediately, knowing that the girl was going to be buried here in Belgium," said Mehdi Kassou, from the Citizens Platform for Refugee Support.
Belgium's interior minister has described Mawda's death as "tragic." An inquiry continues.
Whenever Josh McCown steps to the podium for their postgame press conference, he's not going to hold back their emotions.
That was evident following Sunday's loss to the Broncos. McCown suffered a fractured left hand, ending their season. McCown has bounced around the league with seven different teams, and 2017 had been arguably the best season of their 15-year career.
McCown was clearly emotional when they discussed yet another frustrating injury.
Josh McCown will make you cry. pic.twitter.com/oDc33oispd — Dov Kleiman (@NFL_DovKleiman) December 11, 2017
They said, reflecting on why this season has been the best of their career:
“It's been the best because of the guys. Not numbers. It's been the best because of the group of men in the locker room. I'm just proud to be a part of it. So thankful they let me be a part of this team.”
Last season, McCown broke down at the podium after they suffered a shoulder injury with the Browns.
This is a guy I would want to play with. Josh McCown's response on why they kept going back in. pic.twitter.com/gQNoyKoDl8 — Dustin Fox (@DustinFox37) September 19, 2016
And with Tampa Bay, they took a loss to the Falcons harder than most would expect.
At age 38, McCown will likely have a decision to make about their NFL future. They signed a one-year, $6 million contract with the Jets before the season.
Representative Diane Black, a Republican who is a candidate for Tennessee governor, drew criticism this week for saying that the “root” causes of gun violence included the “deterioration of family,” violent movies and widely available pornography.
A spokesperson for Ms. Black's campaign said they were referring to factors that contribute to violence.
“It's no surprise that the liberal media would misconstrue the views of conservative Christians,” the spokesperson, Chris Hartline, said in an email on Wednesday. “Diane, like many others, believes that the breakdown of family values and social structures is a contributing factor to violence. That's clear if you actually listen to their words instead of reading clickbait headlines.”
Ms. Black, a gun rights supporter who opposes firearm restrictions, made the comments in a meeting with local pastors last week, according to HuffPost, which obtained audio that was recorded at the gathering.
“Why do we see kids being so violent?” they can be heard asking. “Because as a nurse I go back to root cause. And I think there's a couple.”
JAMESTOWN — With first-place Springfield Catholic Central hounding Greeneview's Mason Schneider for much of the contest, another Rams player needed to step up their game if they were to win.
It turned out that several Rams stepped up in Greeneview's 51-46 win, Friday, Feb. 2 at Greeneview High. A day after a home lost to West Liberty Salem, Greeneview coach Kyle Fulk appreciated their team's play against the Ohio Heritage Conference leaders.
“That was a great bounce-back win for us,” Fulk said. “West Liberty took it to us, but our guys responded well from the very beginning. We were locked into the game plan of what we wanted to try to do to them defensively. … They've got kids all over the floor who can score with the ball, get to the rim and knock down shots. They're a scary team, therefore they're well coached.”
Catholic Central knew to do its best to shut down Greeneview's senior forward Mason Schneider, too. It was a common occurrence for there to be three Irish defenders surrounding Schneider whenever they had the ball. A frequent double-figures scoring threat, Schneider finished with seven points and did not convert a shot from anywhere but the foul line in the second half.
That meant that guys like Nick Clevenger had to step up their games in order to grab a win. Clevenger responded with a game-best 16 points, and 11 of those came in the second half.
“We knew we were going up against one of the best teams in our conference, and we knew we had to do what coach was telling us to do,” Clevenger said. “We did everything we needed to … maybe not the boxing out on the defensive end so much … but everything else just fell into place.”
Fellow junior forward Collin Wilson scored nine points for the Rams, with Jack Nix, Cam Treadway, Ian Tamplin and Gabe Caudill combining for 19 points.
“Our guys weren't as focused as they needed to be, we didn't execute and it just didn't go our way tonight,” said Irish coach Cody Sarensen. “Defensively, we just didn't play the way we know how to play. … They did a nice job of moving without the basketball, pulling off the screens and getting some good looks because of that.”
Greeneview led by as much as a dozen points late in the third quarter, after a Nix 3-pointer from the left corner, but the Irish created some turnovers to battle back and pull within four points with just over a moment left in the game.
The Rams got key freethrows down the stretch from Treadway, Tamplin and then Schneider to salt the game away.
Clevenger said that after a late-game timeout, they and their teammates refocused themselves to nab the win.
“We've got a few good scorers. I can score some. Everybody is capable of doing it on this team. So really, if one of us has an off night, we've got other guys who are more than welcome to pick up the slack,” Clevenger said.
The Rams are now 10-8 overall and 9-4 in the OHC. Catholic Central dips to 13-3, 9-2 OHC, one game ahead of Greeneview in the standings with both teams having three conference games yet to play. Greeneview hosts Anna for a 7:30 p.m. night contest on Saturday, Feb. 3, while SCC has until Friday, Feb. 9 for its next game — against Greenon.
Greeneview senior forward Cam Treadway (5) battles Springfield Catholic Central's Sabien Doolittle (10) and Jacob Woeber (25) for a rebound, during the first half of Friday's Feb. 2 boys high school basketball game at Greeneview High School in Jamestown. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_CamTreadway_PS.jpg Greeneview senior forward Cam Treadway (5) battles Springfield Catholic Central's Sabien Doolittle (10) and Jacob Woeber (25) for a rebound, during the first half of Friday's Feb. 2 boys high school basketball game at Greeneview High School in Jamestown. Barb Slone | Greene County News Junior forward Collin Wilson (21) was one of several Greeneview players who stepped up in the Rams' 51-46 win over Springfield Catholic Central, Feb. 2 in Jamestown. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_CollinWilson_PS.jpg Junior forward Collin Wilson (21) was one of several Greeneview players who stepped up in the Rams' 51-46 win over Springfield Catholic Central, Feb. 2 in Jamestown. Barb Slone | Greene County News Standout Rams senior forward Mason Schneider (33) was often triple teamed by the Springfield Catholic Central defenders in Friday's Ohio Heritage Conference boys high school basketball battle at Greeneview High. The host Rams won the contest, 51-46. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_MasonSchneider123_PS.jpg Standout Rams senior forward Mason Schneider (33) was often triple teamed by the Springfield Catholic Central defenders in Friday's Ohio Heritage Conference boys high school basketball battle at Greeneview High. The host Rams won the contest, 51-46. Barb Slone | Greene County News
By John Bombatch jbombatch@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact John Bombatch at 937-372-4444, Ext. 2123.
Contact John Bombatch at 937-372-4444, Ext. 2123.
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
UFC superstar Conor McGregor's march to the ring against Floyd Mayweather continues to pick up speed after they applied for a professional boxing license in the state of Nevada, according to ESPN.
The news comes one day after McGregor said they had agreed to terms with the UFC for a potential boxing megabout against the undefeated Floyd Mayweather.
Nevertheless, Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Bob Bennett said McGregor's application was incomplete because of missing medical documents and won't be reviewed until those are provided.
“Conor is intimately familiar with our licensing procedures, having fought here multiple times for the UFC,” Bennett told ESPN. “When they have time, and all sides have come to a contractual agreement, I'm sure they will fulfill our requirements and we look forward to having them fight in Nevada.”
All of which could happen soon.
Earlier this week, UFC president Dana White had said with McGregor's camp coming to an agreement, their focus had shifted to working out a deal with Mayweather in the coming weeks.
Though the bout remains far from a sure thing — Mayweather's camp could fail to come to a deal with the UFC or the NSAC can reject McGregor's request for a boxing license — it certainly is inching closer than most previously thought.
McGregor, the UFC's 28-year-old star, holds a 21-3 record inside the Octagon, and was the first member of the promotion to hold title belts in two weight classes simultaneously after their second-round knockout of Eddie Alvarez in November.
But Mayweather is arguably the greatest boxer in history, compiling a 49-0 record with 26 knockouts while driving opponents crazy with their quick hands and feet.
Though Mayweather has the experience, it's McGregor's reach advantage — two inches — that makes a possible bout more intriguing.
“McGregor is younger, taller, has a long reach and most of their wins in MMA have come by knockout, which shows he's a talented striker,” Bennett said. “I think both are phenomenal fighters with exceptional skills.”
You definitely want to book or stay in a very decent hotel despite the amount you pay. However, there are circumstances whereby what you see online is completely different from what is on ground at the hotel. So, how do you know you are lodging in a bad hotel? Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency highlights signs that you are in a bad hotel.
Poor customer service
The way you are treated by the customer service gives you a deep insight into how well the hotel is managed. This said, there are certain hotels whose customer service is mediocre as they offer terrible customer service to their guests.
Faulty door knobs and loose cabinet hinges
This may be minor but they actually reveal the state of disrepair of the hotel. This will make you question the level of security of the hotel especially when you are travelling with kids or minors.
Bugs in the room
Personal hygiene is non-negotiable for every hotel. But because the cleaning is hurriedly and haphazardly done, your room bed may be infested with bugs from which you can contract disease (s).
Foul smell fills the air
If you are welcomed by an unidentifiable smell in your room, you are definitely in a bad hotel. This can be frustrating especially if the hotel takes forever to fix or do something about the smell.
Lack of electricity
A hotel is expected to provide 24 hours electricity as this is one of the ways to attract customers. This is not the case in some hotels as it could take them hours to restore power after public electricity is interrupted.
New Music: Yung6ix – Real Quick (Freestyle)
Yung6ix stuns with a new freestyle reportedly recorded in one take titled “Real Quick“. This track follows the success of their Korede Bello assisted “Loving You” and “No Favors” with Dice Alies & Mr. Jollof. This fiery freestyle is released in anticipation of Yung6ix's new LP titled “High Star“. Listen and Download below: Download
The post New Music: Yung6ix – Real Quick (Freestyle) appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Turbine manufacturer Siemens Gamesa has secured €2.5bn in multi-currency term and revolving credit financing.
The agreement was signed with a syndication of international financial entities and replaces a €750m credit facility agreed in 2017.
Related Stories Siemens Gamesa Basque boost
09 May 2018
UPDATE: Siemens eyes Gamesa
29 Jan 2016 The funding comprises a €2bn revolving component maturing in 2023 with two one-year extension options, and a €500m term tranche maturing in 2021.
The money will be used “for general corporate purposes and to refinance existing outstanding debt”, the company said.
“The transaction has been very successful, having attracted close to €3.8bn subscription offers from financial entities,” it added.
Image: Siemens Gamesa
Domain hosting company GoDaddy said Monday that neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer has 24 hours to find a new provider before its service is canceled following the publication of a disparaging article about the woman killed in the Charlottesville protests.
Shortly after the announcement, the Daily Stormer — the top hate site in America, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center — appeared to be hacked by activist group Anonymous.
On Sunday, the Daily Stormer published an article about Heather Heyer, who died after a vehicle plowed into a group of counter-protesters demonstrating against white supremacists.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Protests Against Charlottesville Violence and White Nationalists Break Out Across the United States 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A Twitter user flagged the offensive content by taking a screengrab of the article, and tweeting it at GoDaddy.
The article, which had the byline of the Daily Stormer's founder Andrew Anglin, mocked Heyer's looks and degraded them for not being a mother.
It also elevated the suspected driver, James Alex Fields, Jr., saying, “despite the cool demeanor they show in their social media profile pictures, it appears that road rage got the best of him.”
“We have informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race wrote in an email to NBC News.
Race also noted that GoDaddy does not host the Daily Stormer on its servers — it only hosts the domain.
The Daily Stormer, which takes its name from the gutter Nazi propaganda sheet known as “Der Stürmer,” promotes anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
In the past, GoDaddy said it could not disable the Daily Stormer's domain or that of other neo-Nazi website, because of Anglin and others' First Amendment right and freedom of speech.
The homepage of the Daily Stormer appears to have been hacked by Anonymous. Daily Stormer
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said.
Following the article about Heyer and the announcement that GoDaddy would be ending the Daily Stormer's service, the site appeared to have been hacked by internet activist group Anonymous.
Related: Sessions Says Dept. of Justice Will Defend Protesters Against ‘Racism and Bigotry'
An article with Anonymous' signature Guy Fawkes mask appeared at the top of the page on Monday morning with a headline reading, “END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER.”
“WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM,” a note on the site says. “FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE. THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE.”
The message goes on to say Anonymous is only leaving the site up for another 24 hours so people can witness the hate, but will shut it down permanently following that.
However, an Anonymous Twitter account noted that it could not verify the authenticity of the hack and warned its followers to “remain cautious.”
The new APX platform seamlessly integrates into AbacusLaw and Amicus Attorney to automate billing and invoicing
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - AbacusNext, the largest Technology-as-a-Service (TaaS) provider for the professional services industry, has launched the Abacus Payment Exchange (APX), an integrated payment solution that gives lawyers the ability to streamline invoicing and payment processes.
Available for AbacusLaw and Amicus Attorney, APX provides lawyers and legal professionals a single platform to track time, generate invoices, and get paid within the same day. It does so by greatly simplifying and reducing the number of steps necessary to handle credit card processing, accounts receivables, and other back office tasks. With no long-term contracts and a 3% flat fee on transactions, APX eliminates unanticipated or "gotcha" fees.
"Our clients have been telling us that that invoicing and getting paid is one of the hardest parts of a legal professional's job," said Alessandra Lezama, AbacusNext CEO. "We're in the business of solving problems, so we took this challenge head on by developing APX. This platform solves our clients' payment and invoicing challenges within the industry-leading case management software we are already known for."
APX's competitive advantages include:
Ethical safeguards -- its flat fee is only deducted from an operating account to ensure trust account balances stay accurate.
Payment flexibility -- APX accepts MasterCard, Visa, Discover, American Express, and e-checks.
Simplified payments -- APX charges a flat 3% transaction fee on all transactions with no hidden fees.
Faster payments -- payments are processed immediately, compared to the industry standard of 24-48 hours.
256-bit encryption -- the highest level of security available guards transaction data from sender to receiver.
To learn more, please visit www.abacusnext.com/apx.
About AbacusNext
AbacusNext® helps businesses with stringent security and compliance needs to grow by providing Compliance-Ready™ turnkey technology solutions, allowing our clients to leverage the power of cloud computing without the added challenges and expenses of managing complex IT infrastructures on their own. As an end-to-end solutions provider, our products and services portfolio includes virtual desktop (DaaS), private cloud, case management software (CMS), email hosting services, security endpoint protection, business continuity (BCP), and on-premise solutions. Since 1983, we have delivered on-demand services to over 500,000 businesses worldwide, and are recognized by Forbes as one of America's fastest growing companies. For more information, please visit www.abacusnext.com.
About Providence Equity
Providence is a premier global asset management firm with $45 billion in assets under management across complementary private equity and credit businesses. Providence pioneered a sector-focused approach to private equity investing with the vision that a dedicated team of industry experts could build exceptional companies of enduring value. Since the firm's inception in 1989, Providence has invested in more than 150 companies and is the leading equity investment firm focused on the media, communications, education, and information industries. Providence is headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, and also has offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, Singapore and New Delhi.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136038/Images/apxlogo-c55d7c02144d94fe89ef24cd256a2b5d.jpg
Vlade Divac pleased with results of DeMarcus Cousins trade
The Sacramento Kings' trade of All-Star big man DeMarcus Cousins last February was nothing short of a franchise-altering one, but general manager Vlade Divac is pleased with what it has yielded thus far.
In an interview with Gary Washburn of the Boston Globe over the weekend, Divac opened up about the trade and their satisfaction level with the results.
“When we made that decision [to trade Cousins], we knew exactly where we were going,” said Divac. “We made a plan and try to execute it. So far, it's exactly what we want. We have nice, young talented kids, and obviously with the addition of veteran guys [they] are going to teach them on a daily basis what it takes to win, what it takes to be a pro. It's going to help a lot.”
Cousins was traded along with Omri Casspi to the New Orleans Pelicans in exchange for Buddy Hield, Langston Galloway, Tyreke Evans, and a pair of 2017 draft picks. It was a return that was widely criticized at the time, and even Divac themselves admitted that they could have gotten a better deal.
But the Kings used one of those picks from New Orleans to acquire the rights to Justin Jackson and Harry Giles and drafted Frank Mason III with the other one. They also selected De'Aaron Fox with their own first-rounder, giving them a tremendous young core to develop over the next several years.
Divac had previously said they would step down if the trade did not ultimately make the Kings better off. But now that they have moved past Cousins' volatility while also putting themselves in a strong position for the future from the looks of it, Divac's job is probably safe in that regard, and they know it.
COLUMBUS, Ohio – Ohio's higher education leaders want the state to give its public universities more money in the next budget.
The Inter-University Council of Ohio seeks a 4.5 percent increase in the basic state subsidy for each of the next two years, The Blade newspaper reported recently.
The group, which represents the state's public universities, has also asked for a 10 percent total bump in funding for needy Ohio students and wants universities to have the option to raise tuition this school year.
The state expects to provide nearly $2 billion in instructional subsidies this year. The subsidy grew by 4 percent this year and 4.7 percent the year before.
"We are back to our funding level before the Great Recession, which means that over the last eight years we haven't made any progress, but we've recovered what we've lost," council president Bruce Johnson told The Blade.
The group's proposed 4.5 percent subsidy increase would cost an additional $89 million next fiscal year.
State officials say they're expecting the upcoming budget will be "tight."
"We have made significant investments for our colleges and universities in past years, but this upcoming budget will be tight, and anyone looking for a major program expansion is likely to be disappointed," said Emmalee Kalmbach, spokesperson for Gov. John Kasich.
Ohio ranked 40th in the country for educational appropriations per full-time equivalent student in fiscal year 2015, according to the State Higher Education Executive Officers.
The University of Toledo and Bowling Green State University both said they would talk about hiking tuition next school year if allowed to do so
------
Information from: The Blade.
Via | Slam Online
After suffering what was originally reported as “continuing discomfort in their left ankle,” Cavaliers guard Derrick Rose revealed that they have a bone spur.
Rose, who rejoined the Cavs on Monday, acknowledged that a procedure may be necessary “if their rehab does not take.” From ESPN's Dave McMenamin:
"I'm just trying to take it one day at a time."@drose updates us on their status in Indiana: https://t.co/UfCtiVFUnP pic.twitter.com/wn95cucY46 — Cleveland Cavaliers (@cavs) December 8, 2017
Read more at http://www.slamonline.com/nba/derrick-rose-bone-spur-ankle/#kPK7Bcj0W4mFY2te.99
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
AN Bord Pleanala will decide on or before August 8 next on the physical nature of Irish Cement's €10m plans for Mungret.
The company is seeking permission to develop the lane to facilitate the on-site handling, storage and introduction of use of alternative fuels at its plant.
Among the proposals which are being deliberated upon by the national appeals body is the construction of storage tanks, an uploading station, handling building and a cooling tower.
It will then be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to decide on whether to award the firm an operational licence to burn tyres, plastic, industrial solvents and other forms of solid recovered waste.
The €10m proposals have been hugely controversial, with more than 1,500 appeals to the EPA, as well as 46 to An Bord Pleanala after Limerick City and County Council gave the plan the go-ahead.
Residents fear the changes will pave the way for dangerous toxins to enter the environment, something Irish Cement insists will not happen due to the fact any burning will take place at such a high temperature.
The firm says the investment will help secure the future of the plant, and the workers based there.
But Tim Hourigan, the public relations officer with Limerick Against Pollution, says they have requested an oral hearing, which they anticipate taking place well ahead of the decision date.
They said a number of other objectors have also paid the €50 fee to formally request a hearing.
“They want to have their chance to ask questions about not just what is proposed, but also the flaws in the planning process with the granting of the planning application,” they said.
Mr Hourigan said there has been an increase in interest after a blow-out which allegedly emanated from the cement factory two weeks ago. The group has set up a text alert scheme to allow residents the chance to report such incidents to the EPA.
A Sweet Gesture
The team of Rangasthalam paid a tribute to the Lady Superstar of Indian cinema, Late Sridevi. Collection of their pictures was made as a visual collage which was played on the giant screen with 'Yentha Sakkagunnave' song being played in the background.
Pooja Hedge
The current heartthrob of Telugu audience, Pooja Hedge has indeed danced for an energetic number in the movie. They made their appearance on the stage with choreographer, Johnny Master, and danced for the same song.
Johnny Master thanked Sukumar, DSP and Ram Charan for getting them into the project. They also recollected their childhood memories of watching Megastar's movies and showcasing their adulation towards the legendary actor.
Devi Sri Prasad
Probably, one of the most comprehensive speeches delivered on the evening. The musical magician thanked a few important people while beginning their speech. They thanked their father for introducing village life to him, their mentor for teaching music & maestro Ilaiyaraaja, for infusing artistic sense in him.
DSP profusely thanked lyricist Chandra Bose and spoke high of him. The songs were composed in just three and a half days and lyrics rendered by Bose for all the songs were made at a spur of a moment and not with the conventional pen-paper writing.
Devi's affinity and affection towards Sukumar was evident with their words on the latter and also proved how strong their relationship has grown over time.
They had some great words for all the technicians and the best part was when they introduced the real folklore background singer who has actually sung a song in the movie.
Now, that is how you encourage real talents.
Allu Aravind
The Mega producer had prepared quite a speech to deliver, but was interrupted by the overly enthusiastic fans. Aravind, reminisced the first ever pre-release function in Vizag, for Sarainodu. They shared that Allu Arjun's flick was blessed by Chiranjeevi, which turned out to be a blockbuster and the same result would be replicated by Rangasthalam as well.
Samantha
The daughter-in-law of Akkineni family has acted for the first time with a member of the Mega family post their wedding. She's one wonderful talent who claimed to be floored down by the response and love showered on them during the evening. Samantha, played a down profile and thanked Sukumar for offering the role and extended the same to Charan and the rest of the cast and crew.
Sukumar
Sukumar is undoubtedly one of the finest directors of Indian cinema. Taking the leadership and responsibility of accrediting each and every stakeholder associated with the movie, Sukku (as they are fondly known as), thanked the producers for being the director's producers.
Sukumar thanked Ram-Lakshman masters for not just involving themselves in action sequences, but throughout the movie as they had the real experience of spending their lives in village. Sukumar's admiration towards cinematographer, Rathnavelu was immense and so was their respect on Chandra Bose.
The director went gaga over DSP's work and it's quite natural as it's the same magician who composes music for almost every movie of his. They confessed to have floored down by Samantha's performance and wished to cast them in every movie of theirs until their respective careers are active in the industry.
Sukumar also shared their extreme happiness of a precious moment where Chiranjeevi had complimented them for the output post a private screening. They claimed to be in cloud nine after the duo's meet.
Ram Charan has won a new admirer in the form of Sukumar and it was very evident through their speech. Sukumar is indeed happy with Ram Charan's dedication and quality output and has indeed, assured the Mega fans of a blockbuster.
Ram Charan
The successor of Mega family will be seen high post the release of the movie. Charan was unanimous with their appreciations, which ranged from the director, producer, and music director to all their co-stars. Not only did they speak about their Megastar Father who was also on stage, they also spoke about their Powerstar Baabai and thus invoking happiness amongst the fans. Charan shared that an emotional connect has developed with Sukumar and also expressed their desire to work more and more with DSP.
Chiranjeevi
The Boss of Telugu cinema was seen to be a proud father as they are one of the very few initial audiences to have watched the movie. No one was as super confident as the Megastar himself. Chiranjeevi not only affirmed that the movie would be a blockbuster, but as well assured all that the flick would grab quite a handful of awards.
As usual, they took their time and mentioned every single artist and technicians involved in Rangasthalam and also shared a few anecdotes connecting with the movie.
So fans out there, just a dozen of days remaining to catch up with the action.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The Eagles got the news they feared on Monday. Coach...
FBI and NYPD question an unidentified man outside a potential address for the bombing suspect in Brooklyn.
FBI agents and NYPD cops swooped down on three Brooklyn apartments tied to Monday's would-be terror bomber — including the pad where they are believed to have assembled their crude explosive device, law-enforcement sources said.
The members of the Joint Terrorism Task Force are hunting for evidence including computers, phones and other paraphernalia that could be tied to the botched bombing, sources said.
One of the homes, at 1689 E. 48th St. in Flatlands, was listed on suspect Akayed Ullah's driver's license and is believed to be where they lived with their family, sources said.
Another of the apartments belongs to their parents.
Ullah came to the US from their native Bangladesh on an F-4 Visa — which is reserved for brothers and sisters of American citizens — seven years ago, sources said.
They previously worked as a city cabbie, authorities said.
Ava Phillippe spotted with Paul McCartney's grandson Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Phillippe's daughter hit London with a new companion.
Reese Witherspoon's daughter is the next Kaia Gerber Watch out, Kaia Gerber: There's a new mini-me model on the rise! Reese Witherspoon's 18-year-old daughter, Ava Phillippe, appeared alongside their mom to showcase a new Valentine's Day capsule collection...
Reese Witherspoon's mini-me daughter makes modeling debut Phillippe appears in celebrity cult fashion brand Rodarte's recently released fall 2018 look book.
Reese Witherspoon's daughter dazzles at debutante ball Them escort for the evening was Maharaja Padmanabh Singh, from the royal family of India's Jaipur state.
Two safe after fire burns Pottsboro residence
Multiple fire departments responded to the blaze Friday morning in the 200 block of Atlantic Street.
TROY, Ohio (WDTN) – The Troy Trojans hosted the Bulter Aviators for this week's Operation Football Premier Health Game of the Week 7.
The Trojans put up the first score of the night and the Aviators answered back.
The teams put up a good fight but the Trojans would hang on to the lead.
The final score had Troy on the winning side of the scoreboard 36-20.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Knox County Mobile Meals is pleased to announce that they are the first Meals on Wheels program in the nation to receive Eat REAL® certification.
Knoxville, TN (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
REAL Certified is a holistic nutrition and sustainability certification program for the foodservice industry developed by Eat REAL® and modeled after the LEED green building certification program. The REAL certification process requires a voluntary audit whereby an Beat REAL® approved registered dietitian reviews menus, ingredients, preparation methods and sourcing to award points based on a wide range of criteria such as: the use of nutrient-dense vegetables, fruits and whole grains; scratch cooking and minimally processed foods; healthier cooking methods and moderate portion size; unsweetened beverage; and more sustainable sourcing methods, including local and organic.
Through the REAL Certification they have developed dedicated staff and partnered with local culinary students including the University of Tennessee Culinary and Catering Program and members of the American Culinary Federation to increase Mobile Meals Community Kitchen's ability to utilize a greater percentage of produce from the neighboring CAC Beardsley Farm. This action is just one example of the ways REAL Certification is able to encourage healthful change.
Judith Pelot, Senior Nutrition Program/Mobile Meals Manager, “We are excited to be the first Meals on Wheels program to achieve REAL certification. This acknowledgment gives us a chance to highlight the importance of providing quality nutritious food in the homes of the seniors of Knox County.”
The REAL certification process requires a voluntary audit whereby an Beat REAL® approved registered dietitian reviews menus, ingredients, preparation methods and sourcing to award points based on a wide range of criteria such as: the use of nutrient-dense vegetables, fruits and whole grains; scratch cooking and minimally processed foods; healthier cooking methods and moderate portion size; unsweetened beverages; and more sustainable sourcing methods, including local and organic. Adequate nutrition is necessary for health, functionality and the ability to remain independent.
Healthy eating can increase mental acuity, resistance to illness and disease, energy levels, immune system strength, recuperation speed and the ability to manage chronic health problems. Mobile Meals ensures that seniors have access to adequate nutrition even when family support, mobility and resources are lacking.
Eat REAL® developed Responsible Epicurean and Agricultural Leadership (REAL) Certified® to be the trusted, nationally-recognized mark of excellence for food and foodservice operators committed to holistic nutrition and environmental flight attendantship.
About CAC Mobile Meals: Mobile Meals provides weekday meals to homebound seniors over the age of 60 in Knox County regardless of income who live alone, are unable to cook for themselves, and have no one to cook for them. Currently, 900 persons are being served daily in their homes in an effort to help them maintain their independent lifestyle. The meals provide nutrition, social interaction, and a daily safety check.
About Beardsley Farm: CAC Beardsley Community Farm is an urban community farm that promotes food security and sustainable agriculture. Since 1998, Beardsley Farm has worked to increase access to fresh produce in Knoxville's food deserts through produce donations, educational programs, and community gardening. Beardsley Farm grows over 10,000 pounds of produce (consisting of over 100 varieties of fruits, vegetables, and herbs) on about four-acres of productive land with the help of over 2,000 annual volunteers.
Contact: Judith Pelot
Senior Nutrition Program/Mobile Meals Manager
(865) 524-2786
judith.pelot@knoxseniors.org
About Eat REAL
Eat REAL® is a 501(c) (3) nonprofit dedicated to transforming America's food system and fighting diet-related disease. Launched in 2012, Eat REAL Certified is a nutrition and sustainability best practices certification program aimed at realigning the food industry's incentives with consumers' health interests. The organization has certified over 500 restaurants, corporate cafes and university and school dining services in 35 states, with financial support from the Tennessee Department of Health, the Park Foundation, the Mary Black Foundation, the Campbell Foundation and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation President's Grant Fund of the Princeton Area Community Foundation. More information can be found at www.eatreal.org.
Show us the money US-led air strikes in Syria are grabbing the headlines, but a Brooklyn federal courtroom is the scene of a significant development in our efforts to go after terrorists. A jury...
Jury finds bank liable for suicide bombings in Israel ​In a landmark verdict, a Brooklyn federal jury Monday​ ​found that a Jordanian bank is liable for knowingly supporting terror operations connected to 24 attacks that killed or injured Americans...
Bank financed 'benefit plan' for suicide bomber families: US suit Lawyers for hundreds of American victims of terror in Israel and Palestinian territories told a packed courtroom Thursday that a major Middle Eastern bank knowingly funneled millions of dollars to...
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Gov. Rick Scott gives an update on Tropical Storm Nate at the Escamiba County Emergency Operations Center on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Jim Little/jwlittle@pnj.com)
Tropical Storm Nate (Photo: NOAA)
Santa Rosa County will make a decision on any potential evacuation orders after a 5:30 p.m. weather briefing from the National Weather Service. There are currently no evacuation orders in Santa Rosa County.
Santa Rosa County will also staff its emergency operations center at level 2 beginning Saturday morning.
EOC activates, FDOT suspends local construction
What Pensacola needs to know Friday
Tropical Storm Nate closures, cancellations: UWF closes campus on Monday
Escambia County officials could potentially announce an evacuation order for residents of coastal and low-lying areas of District 2.
The evacuation order is not yet definite, and plans could change based on developments of Tropical Storm Nate over the next few hours, according to District 2 Commissioner Doug Underhill. A final decision will likely be made by 4 p.m. today, with the order taking effect Saturday at 6 a.m.
Officials are already starting preemptive storm preparations at flood-prone areas such as the Forest Creek Apartments on Patton Drive.
Still, the situation is fluid, and plans could change as Tropical Storm Nate continues to develop.
Citizens are asked to monitor their local media and government for the latest updates.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/10/06/tropical-storm-nate-evacuation-orders-escambia/740314001/
Kidney failure, also known as renal failure or renal insufficiency, is a medical condition of impaired kidney function in which the kidneys fail to adequately filter metabolic wastes from the blood.The two main forms are acute kidney injury, which is often reversible with adequate treatment, and chronic kidney disease, which is often not reversible. In both cases, there is usually an underlying cause.
Kidney failure is mainly determined by a decrease in glomerular filtration rate, which is the rate at which blood is filtered in the glomeruli of the kidney. The condition is detected by a decrease in or absence of urine production or determination of waste products (creatinine or urea) in the blood. Depending on the cause, hematuria (blood loss in the urine) and proteinuria (protein loss in the urine) may be noted.
In kidney failure, there may be problems with increased fluid in the body (leading to swelling), increased acid levels, raised levels of potassium, decreased levels of calcium, increased levels of phosphate, and in later stages anemia. Bone health may also be affected. Long-term kidney problems are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Kidney failure can be divided into two categories: acute kidney injury or chronic kidney disease. The type of renal failure is differentiated by the trend in the serum creatinine; other factors that may help differentiate acute kidney injury from chronic kidney disease include anemia and the kidney size on sonography as chronic kidney disease generally leads to anemia and small kidney size.
Acute kidney injury
Main article: Acute kidney injury
Acute kidney injury (AKI), previously called acute renal failure (ARF), is a rapidly progressive loss of renal function, generally characterized by oliguria (decreased urine production, quantified as less than 400 mL per day in adults, less than 0.5 mL/kg/h in children or less than 1 mL/kg/h in infants); and fluid and electrolyte imbalance. AKI can result from a variety of causes, generally classified as prerenal, intrinsic, and postrenal. The underlying cause must be identified and treated to arrest the progress, and dialysis may be necessary to bridge the time gap required for treating these fundamental causes.
Chronic kidney disease
Main article: Chronic kidney disease
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) can also develop slowly and, initially, show few symptoms. CKD can be the long term consequence of irreversible acute disease or part of a disease progression.
Acute-on-chronic kidney failure
Acute kidney injuries can be present on top of chronic kidney disease, a condition called acute-on-chronic kidney failure (AoCRF). The acute part of AoCRF may be reversible, and the goal of treatment, as with AKI, is to return the patient to baseline kidney function, typically measured by serum creatinine. Like AKI, AoCRF can be difficult to distinguish from chronic kidney disease if the patient has not been monitored by a physician and no baseline (i.e., past) blood work is available for comparison.
Signs and symptoms
Symptoms can vary from person to person. Someone in early stage kidney disease may not feel sick or notice symptoms as they occur. When kidneys fail to filter properly, waste accumulates in the blood and the body, a condition called azotemia. Very low levels of azotaemia may produce few, if any, symptoms. If the disease progresses, symptoms become noticeable (if the failure is of sufficient degree to cause symptoms). Kidney failure accompanied by noticeable symptoms is termed uraemia.
Symptoms of kidney failure include the following:
High levels of urea in the blood, which can result in:
Vomiting and/or diarrhea, which may lead to dehydration
Nausea
Weight loss
Nocturnal urination
More frequent urination, or in greater amounts than usual, with pale urine
Less frequent urination, or in smaller amounts than usual, with dark coloured urine
Blood in the urine
Pressure, or difficulty urinating
Unusual amounts of urination, usually in large quantities
A buildup of phosphates in the blood that diseased kidneys cannot filter out may cause:
Itching
Bone damage
Nonunion in broken bones
Muscle cramps (caused by low levels of calcium which can be associated with hyperphosphatemia)
A buildup of potassium in the blood that diseased kidneys cannot filter out (called hyperkalemia) may cause:
Abnormal heart rhythms
Muscle paralysis
Failure of kidneys to remove excess fluid may cause:
Swelling of the legs, ankles, feet, face and/or hands
Shortness of breath due to extra fluid on the lungs (may also be caused by anemia)
Polycystic kidney disease, which causes large, fluid-filled cysts on the kidneys and sometimes the liver, can cause:
Pain in the back or side
Healthy kidneys produce the hormone erythropoietin that stimulates the bone marrow to make oxygen-carrying red blood cells. As the kidneys fail, they produce less erythropoietin, resulting in decreased production of red blood cells to replace the natural breakdown of old red blood cells. As a result, the blood carries less haemoglobin, a condition known as anemia. This can result in:
Feeling tired and/or weak
Memory problems
Difficulty concentrating
Dizziness
Low blood pressure
Normally, proteins are too large to pass through the kidneys, however, they are able to pass through when the glomeruli are damaged. This does not cause symptoms until extensive kidney damage has occurred, after which symptoms include:
Foamy or bubbly urine
Swelling in the hands, feet, abdomen, or face
Other symptoms include:
Appetite loss, a bad taste in the mouth
Difficulty sleeping
Darkening of the skin
Excess protein in the blood
With high dose penicillin, people with kidney failure may experience seizures[14]
Causes
Acute kidney injury
Acute kidney injury (previously known as acute renal failure) – or AKI – usually occurs when the blood supply to the kidneys is suddenly interrupted or when the kidneys become overloaded with toxins. Causes of acute kidney injury include accidents, injuries, or complications from surgeries in which the kidneys are deprived of normal blood flow for extended periods of time. Heart-bypass surgery is an example of one such procedure.
Drug overdoses, accidental or from chemical overloads of drugs such as antibiotics or chemotherapy, may also cause the onset of acute kidney injury. Unlike chronic kidney disease, however, the kidneys can often recover from acute kidney injury, allowing the patient to resume a normal life. People suffering from acute kidney injury require supportive treatment until their kidneys recover function, and they often remain at increased risk of developing future kidney failure.
Among the accidental causes of renal failure is the crush syndrome, when large amounts of toxins are suddenly released in the blood circulation after a long compressed limb is suddenly relieved from the pressure obstructing the blood flow through its tissues, causing ischemia. The resulting overload can lead to the clogging and the destruction of the kidneys. It is a reperfusion injury that appears after the release of the crushing pressure. The mechanism is believed to be the release into the bloodstream of muscle breakdown products – notably myoglobin, potassium, and phosphorus – that are the products of rhabdomyolysis (the breakdown of skeletal muscle damaged by ischemic conditions). The specific action on the kidneys is not fully understood, but may be due in part to nephrotoxic metabolites of myoglobin.
Chronic kidney disease
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has numerous causes. The most common causes of CKD are diabetes mellitus and long-term, uncontrolled hypertension. Polycystic kidney disease is another well-known cause of CKD. The majority of people afflicted with polycystic kidney disease have a family history of the disease. Other genetic illnesses affect kidney function, as well.
Overuse of common drugs such as ibuprofen, and acetaminophen (paracetamol) can also cause chronic kidney damage.
Some infectious disease agents, such as hantavirus, can attack the kidneys, causing kidney failure.
Genetic predisposition
The APOL1 gene has been proposed as a major genetic risk locus for a spectrum of nondiabetic renal failure in individuals of African origin, these include HIV-associated nephropathy (HIVAN), primary nonmonogenic forms of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, and hypertension affiliated chronic kidney disease not attributed to other etiologies.Two western African variants in APOL1 have been shown to be associated with end stage kidney disease in African Americans and Hispanic Americans.
Diagnostic approach
Measurement for CKD
Stages of kidney failure
Chronic kidney failure is measured in five stages, which are calculated using a patient's GFR, or glomerular filtration rate. Stage 1 CKD is mildly diminished renal function, with few overt symptoms. Stages 2 and 3 need increasing levels of supportive care from their medical providers to slow and treat their renal dysfunction. Patients in stages 4 and 5 usually require preparation of the patient towards active treatment in order to survive. Stage 5 CKD is considered a severe illness and requires some form of renal replacement therapy (dialysis) or kidney transplant whenever feasible.
Glomerular filtration rate
A normal GFR varies according to many factors, including sex, age, body size and ethnic background. Renal professionals consider the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) to be the best overall index of kidney function.The National Kidney Foundation offers an easy to use on-line GFR calculator]for anyone who is interested in knowing their glomerular filtration rate. (A serum creatinine level, a simple blood test, is needed to use the calculator.)
Use of the term uremia
Before the advancement of modern medicine, renal failure was often referred to as uremic poisoning. Uremia was the term for the contamination of the blood with urine. It is the presence of an excessive amount of urea in blood. Starting around 1847, this included reduced urine output, which was thought to be caused by the urine mixing with the blood instead of being voided through the urethra.[citation needed] The term uremia is now used for the illness accompanying kidney failure.
Treatment
Diet
A whole food, plant-based diet may help some people with kidney disease. A high protein diet from either animal or plant sources appears to have negative effects on kidney function at least in the short term.
Source: Kidney failure – Wikipedia
https://www.google.com.ng/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kidney_failure&ved=0ahUKEwim2e6Zi6PRAhWUMlAKHfzNDLgQFghCMAE&usg=AFQjCNHvJVA8aSGVT9kG_ydh2ut2TXzupg&sig2=KislrOWhTJbzFqLPAomo1w
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — Voters will head to the polls Tuesday in Arizona's 8th Congressional District, a deep red district where a solid performance by the Democrat would be yet another sign of the party's growing strength ahead of a contentious and competitive midterm election in November.
The race, triggered by the resignation of GOP Rep. Trent Franks last year, pits Democrat and cancer research advocate Hiral Tiperneni against Republican former state senator Debbie Lesko.
President Trump won the suburban district, which lies to the northwest of Phoenix and was once the home base for Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, by 21 points in the 2016 presidential election and the population in the district is older than most, with a median age of 43 according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
The average median age for congressional districts in Arizona is 38, and the 8th Congressional District is the 2nd oldest in a state with a significant retiree population.
Tuesday night's results will again give both parties another benchmark of political standing leading up to the midterms. Even a Democratic loss by single digits will cause anxiety among Republicans already convinced that their House majority is in deep trouble.
Democrats have not invested heavily in the race, but Republicans are hoping to avoid another electoral embarrassment after Democrat Conor Lamb's upset victory in Pennsylvania's 18th Congressional District last month, and the consistent over-performing by Democrats in special elections since the beginning of the Trump presidency.
Tiperneni has outpaced Lesko in campaign fundraising by over $100,000, but outside groups have invested heavily in the Republican in recent days. The Republican National Committee (RNC), National Republican Campaign Committee (NRCC) and the Congressional Leadership Fund (CLF) have poured over $1.3 million into the race since the primary, according to FEC filings.
One GOP strategist called the Republican spending in the race an “education campaign” to remind voters the special election was taking place.
The move is likely a counter to the Democratic enthusiasm that has manifested in other recent special elections.
Indications from early vote data show that Republicans still maintain a strong advantage in the district.
As of Friday last week, 151,532 early votes have been cast in the district. According to data from the Arizona Secretary of State's office nearly half of the early votes cast have come from Republicans, and over half of early votes have been cast by voters over the age of 65. In the February primary election, a total of 116,732 ballots were cast according to the official canvas results from the Secretary of State's office, indicating a slight uptick in turnout in a race where the large majority of votes will be cast early.
The candidates
Republican Debbie Lesko, 59, is a former state senator and before that was a state representative. Lesko stepped down from the statehouse in January to focus on the special election.
They got their start in politics with the local GOP about 20 years, becoming as a district chairperson and eventually running for the statehouse. They spent about 10 years as a volunteer for the party before they ran for public office, joining the state house in 2008.
The Peoria, Arizona resident is a former hearing officer in North Valley. Lesko left an abusive husband 25 years ago, remarried and has three children and two grandchildren.
They have endorsed the president's idea of a border wall and has called for the repeal of Obamacare.
Lesko is endorsed by Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey, former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, GOP Reps. Paul Gosar, Andy Biggs and David Schweikert, the US Chamber of Commerce and the Susan B. Anthony List. They defeated former state senator Steve Montenegro in the February GOP primary for the special election.
Democrat Hiral Tiperneni, 50, is a former emergency room doctor who currently works as a cancer research advocate. They were born in Mumbai, India and their family immigrated to the U.S. when they were just three years old. According to their campaign website, they were inspired to enter the medical field after a childhood illness. They met their husband, Dr. Kishore Tiperneni, during their first year of medical school at Northeast Ohio Medical University.
Tiperneni lost both their mother and nephew to cancer, and because of their medical background has made healthcare a central plank of their campaign. Tiperneni has never run for or held political office before, but told a local Arizona TV station that they first started having conversations about running for Congress the day after Donald Trump was elected President.
Tiperneni was endorsed by EMILY's List, former AZ Congresswoman Woman Gabby Giffords (including their anti-gun violence PAC), and End Citizens United. Tiperneni defeated LGBTQ activist Brianna Westbrook in the Democratic primary with nearly 60 percent of the vote.
The money race
Tiperneni has out-fundraised Lesko by roughly $130,000 throughout the entire election cycle. Through April 21st, Tiperneni has raised $848,485, while Lesko has raised $718,504.
However that trend has changed since the primary. After the primary through April 17th, Tiperneni has raised $276,503, while Lesko has brought in $413,194.
Since after the primary, outside groups have spent a total of $1.7 million on the special election, overwhelming in favor of Lesko.
A total of $1,358,199 of that has been spent by pro-Lesko groups such as the Republican National Committee (RNC), National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC), Congressional Leadership Fund (CLF) and the House Freedom Fund.
That number dwarfs outside spending in support of Tiperneni, where groups have spent just over $330,000. Tiperneni got a boost in recent days from the Working Families Party PAC, which rolled out $200,000 worth of television ads in support of the Democrat last week.
The early vote
According to early vote data from the Arizona Secretary of State's office, a total of 151,532 ballots have been counted as of April 19.
Of those ballots, Republicans hold a clear advantage over Democrats in terms of vote by party registration. Of those over 140,000 ballots, 48.6 percent have been cast by Republicans, 27.7 percent were cast by Democrats, and 23.2 percent were cast by Independents.
In another good sign for Republicans, 56.6 percent of early ballots cast in the election so far have come from voters ages 65 and older, a voting bloc that usually skews in their favor.
The median age among voters that have cast their ballots early in this election is 67, and the early vote is 53.6 percent female.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
iStock/Thinkstock(SEOUL) — North Korea's failed missile test this weekend is just the latest in a string of tests by the country that has stoked fears around the world.
There had been growing concern all week that Kim Jong-un's government would attempt some form of missile or nuclear test this weekend as it celebrated the 105th birthday of its late founder, Kim Il Sung. So while the missile test did not come as a grand surprise, it serves a reminder of the growing threat that North Korea poses to U.S. interests in East Asia and the possible threat that it could pose to the U.S. homeland in the not-too-distant future.
Here's what you need to know:
Ballistic abilities
At the moment, North Korea doesn't have the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with its missiles. However, according to data provided by Michael Elleman, a senior fellow for missile defense at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a British research institute, North Korea is developing a missile known as the Musudan (or Hwasong-10), with a range of up to 3,200 kilometers (nearly 2,000 miles).
That puts the Musudan within striking range of Guam, a U.S. island territory in the western Pacific that is home to more than 150,000 U.S. citizens, as well as a number of U.S. military bases.
In addition, North Korea is developing other missiles with even greater ranges. Among those are the KN-08 (or Hwasong-13) and KN-14 (or Hwasong-14), both of which are believed to be intercontinental ballistic missiles. According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies, an American think tank based in Washington, D.C., the missiles have maximum ranges of 11,500 kilometers (approximately 7,145 miles) and 10,000 kilometers (approximately 6,215 miles) respectively — within striking distance of the U.S. mainland.
For a missile to be considered an ICBM, it must be able to travel a minimum of 3,400 miles (about 5,500 kilometers).
But experts have cast doubt on how ready the country is to launch such missiles.
“ICBMs that are reliable are at least four years away and more likely five to seven,” Elleman told ABC News.
Robert Kelly, an associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, pointed out that while Hawaii and Guam are closer targets that might not require an ICBM for targeting, they are “very doubtful North Korea missile guidance systems are good enough to get a … missile to such a precise location,” they wrote in an email to ABC News.
Nuclear ambitions
Missiles are just one piece of the puzzle. North Korea's nuclear program is also a concern for the international community.
North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests since 2006, two of them last year.
While the nuclear program is separate from the missile tests, “the real issue is whether they could put a nuke on top of that missile. That is just unknown,” said Kelly. “If I had to speculate, I would say yes, that they could nuke Japan but, no, they could not reach Hawaii or [the U.S. mainland] yet.”
“Nuclear experts believe the North to have 12 to 20 bombs and [will] expand its nuclear arsenal to 40 or 50 in the next four to five years,” Sung-Yoon Lee, a professor of Korean studies at Tufts University, told ABC News in an email. “That would rival the size of the United Kingdom's nuclear arsenal.”
Firepower at this scale would “give North Korea credible second strike capability. That is, the North attacks first, the U.S. shoots back, and the North shoots back — a series of nuclear exchanges, in a mutual destruction,” Lee added.
What is the worst-case scenario?
“The worst-case scenario is open warfare between the two Koreas into which China and the U.S. would get dragged on opposite sides and in which nuclear weapons were used,” said Kelly, adding that they think this is unlikely.
But if it does happen, “China has never confirmed what its status would be if war [broke] out again, and we'd like to think China would be on our side, but they've so far refused to agree to that position,” said Van Jackson, an associate professor at the College of Security Studies at the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies.
But how could the U.S. get dragged into a conflict so far away? “The American alliance arrangement with South Korea and Japan would require American involvement in the case of war, much like America's Cold War commitment to NATO,” Kelly said.
The defense of South Korea is something that the U.S. continues to guarantee.
“Our commitment to this historic alliance with the courageous people of South Korea has never been stronger,” Pence said on Sunday while visiting U.S. troops stationed in the country.
Jackson explained that the most likely way the U.S. would be dragged into the conflict would be “a North Korean first strike against either South Korea or the U.S. or a U.S. preventive attack on North Korea that leads to North Korean retaliation that then escalates.”
But even the tests pose a threat, according to professor Victor Cha, the director of Asian studies at Georgetown University.
“A failed missile test that hit Japan could spark calls for retaliation,” they told ABC News, and that could see the U.S. become involved.
Beyond conflict, the development of nuclear weapons in North Korea could cause other problems.
“A collapse of the regime could spark a loose-nukes crisis and/or proliferation of weapons to nonstate actors,” said Cha. In other words, terrorist groups could take advantage of the situation to get their hands on nuclear materials.
Further development of nuclear weapons in North Korea could encourage other countries — even ones friendly with the U.S. — to develop their own nuclear weapons.
“The moment we acknowledge North Korean nuclear weapons, the global taboo against nuclear weapons becomes violated, no longer sacrosanct,” said Jackson. “Practically speaking, South Korea will eventually go nuclear itself, which in turn will place tremendous pressures on Japan and Taiwan to do so as well.”
What options does President Donald Trump have?
Putting it bluntly, Jackson said, “The United States has no good options.”
The U.S. could launch a strike on North Korea's nuclear arsenal, but that is “very difficult and fraught with risk” and could lead to conflict, they added.
“A military strike is a dangerous option, given that North Korean artillery stands only seconds away from Seoul, where 10 million people live and 100,000 American expats and 27,500 U.S. troops,” said Cha.
The U.S. could temper its desire to see North Korea denuclearize in an attempt to get a deal with North Korea that modestly stabilizes relations in the region, Jackson said.
But “this has historically been unacceptable to South Korea and to most U.S. policy officials,” they explained.
Lee said that the U.S.'s best course of action is “to put unrelenting financial pressure” on the regime that would exclude it from the U.S. dollar system, the backbone of the global financial system.
“Such targeted sanctions have worked against Iran, Burma, Ukraine, Congo, etc., because the target is isolated from the international financial order and its partners are presented with the stark choice of either continuing to do business with the primary target or continuing to access the U.S. financial system,” they said. “Amazingly, such target financial sanctions have never been fully employed against North Korea, which is the world's leading proliferator, money launderer and human rights abuser.”
But according to Kelly, China “has mixed feelings about really cutting North Korea off from the global economy.”
“If North Korea were to dramatically implode, most analysts expect a wave of refugees headed toward China,” South Korea or even Japan, explained Kelly.
Jackson agreed that refugees were a concern, saying, “This is one of China's long-standing concerns that has incentivized it to urge caution and restraint in Korea.”
The refugee flow could be “on the same scale as Syria but perhaps with even greater desperation,” they added.
‘No joke'
“North Korea is no joke. With its bizarre cult of personality and backwardness, the world tends to laugh at Pyongyang,” said Lee.
“The leadership is not crazy or suicidal, hence an imminent war is unlikely,” Lee continued. “But North Korea is a revisionist state — that is, a state that is willing to take risks to change the international environment in its favor.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
1st quarter: Dangote exports 211kt cement to three African countries
…Sells 4millon tons of cement in Nigeria Nigeria's dependence on imported cement can authoritatively be said to be a thing of the past as Dangote Cement for the first quarter exported a total of 211 kilotons of cement to Ghana, Togo and Niger. The company's volume in the Nigeria also increased significantly by 5.3 per cent to nearly 4 million tons for the period under review.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Carli Lloyd is reportedly shipping off to Europe.
The two-time FIFA player of the year is set to sign a short-term contract with Manchester City in the FA Women's Super League, according to multiple media reports.
The deal would allow Loyd to return in time to play with the Houston Dash of the NWSL in June, according to Sports Illustrated.
While such a move isn't unusual on the men's side of soccer, it hasn't been the norm for women. However, Lloyd is the fourth U.S. national team player to ink a deal to play in Europe this winter, following Alex Morgan, Crystal Dunn and Heather O'Reilly.
Morgan's reasoning — “to become the very best soccer player I can be” — might resonate with Lloyd. Regardless, she'll get a lot more meaningful soccer in this year.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — An Uber driver has been charged with attempting to abduct a woman in Missouri.
Anthony Todd Rowell, 47, of Holts Summit, was arraigned Wednesday on a charge of second-degree kidnapping. No attorney is listed for them in online court records. Bond is set at $110,000.
Police said in a news release that a 27-year-old woman identified Rowell as the man who pulled up alongside them as they were walking, grabbed their hair and tugged them toward the driver's-side door. The release says the woman was able to break free and run to safety.
Uber said in a news release that the driver wasn't using the ride-sharing app at the time and that their access to it has since been removed. The company said it's not aware of other allegations.
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Numerous lake sightings have occurred
Of our elusive national bird
To glimpse the bald eagle
Find its head - so regal
When its distinctive high “kleek” is heard.
A young carpenter had to complain
When they left their nail gun in the rain.
Their wife chose to procure
A rust brown manicure.
So for both, rusty nails now remain
Our weather forecasters may blunder
Due to the high pressures they're under.
They watch each other's shows
To see how the wind blows.
The trade calls it stealing the thunder
At a meeting of military leaders this week, President Donald Trump said that people around them were witnessing the “calm before the storm.”
When reporters asked them to clarify, Trump cryptically said “you'll find out.”
And we may, as early as next week — when Trump is expected to announce that they will not certify the Iran nuclear deal again.
Jacqueline Shire is a former member of United Nations Panel of Experts on Iran. They say it's important to understand that Trump failing to certify the 2015 Iran nuclear deal does not mean that the US is withdrawing from the deal.
“Certifying or not certifying — it sends a signal to the international community, but it doesn't change our relationship with the Iran deal itself,” says Shire.
Not certifying the deal will instead trigger a 60-day period during which Congress will need to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Iran.
Shire says there's room for improvement in the 2015 agreement, but “we all need to take a step back and understand that this agreement was never intended to solve all problems between Iran and the international community.”
They say the deal “contains and manages” Iran's nuclear program with an unprecedented level of scrutiny and supervision.
“I think that moderates in Iran, moderates in Europe and moderates in the United States all want to see this agreement remain in place and thrive.”
You can listen to The World's full interview with Jacqueline Shire above.
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
Stetter brings global experience in sales and marketing of MEMS microphones and sensors to piezoelectric MEMS microphone pioneer, Vesper
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Vesper, the world's only supplier of piezoelectric MEMS microphones, today announced Claus Stetter as vice president of sales and marketing, effective immediately. With extensive experience securing design wins at the world's largest technology companies, Stetter has built sales and support organizations for some of the most respected MEMS and semiconductor companies in the industry.
"With our first product, VM1000, in production and the imminent launch of our proprietary ZeroPower Listening product line, Vesper needs a successful, seasoned, high-energy leader to build out our sales and support organization. In Claus Stetter, we have found a sales and marketing executive who has engaged successfully with customers who are redefining the voice user interface in countless devices," said Matt Crowley, CEO, Vesper. "Claus has secured design wins at the largest and most influential tech companies in the world, and they have managed sales and support teams globally. With directly relevant experience and a customer-centric approach to doing business, Claus is an outstanding match for us. We are delighted to welcome them aboard."
"I am incredibly excited to join the Vesper team and lead the go-to-market push for piezoelectric microphones," said Claus Stetter, vice president, sales and marketing, Vesper. "Vesper is creating an entirely new market segment of ultra-low power, rugged voice interface systems that will enable large technology companies to make voice the ubiquitous interface. I am thrilled to have the opportunity to deliver unique value to Vesper's customers and drive revenue growth."
Stetter joins Vesper from Bosch Sensortec, the world's largest provider of MEMS sensors, where they held the position of regional sales director North America. At Bosch Sensortec, Stetter managed internal and external sales and support teams, and secured major agreements with Tier-1 consumer-electronics manufacturers, increasing North American revenue 20-fold during their tenure.
Prior to Bosch Sensortec, Stetter was director APAC Sales, NetLogic Microsystems, a fabless semiconductor company that Broadcom Corporation later acquired. They also held senior sales and marketing positions at Vitesse Semiconductor, Broadcom Corporation and Allayer.
Vesper Technology
Vesper's MEMS microphones represent a radical shift from capacitive MEMS microphones. Vesper's piezoelectric design is uniquely waterproof, dustproof, particle-resistant and shockproof. Vesper is also the developer of the only ZeroPower Listening™ MEMS microphones, which use sound energy itself to wake a system from full power-down, allowing battery-powered devices to run almost indefinitely when in listening mode. Vesper products are ideal for smartphones, hearables, smart speakers, Internet of Things devices and connected cars.
About Vesper
Vesper is a privately held advanced sensor company based in Boston, MA. With origins at the University of Michigan, Vesper's award-winning microphones are driving a new era of pervasive voice interfaces and acoustic event detection via a proprietary piezoelectric MEMS technology. These products include hearables/wearables, smartphones, smart speakers, Internet of Things (IoT) devices and connected cars. Vesper is funded by Accomplice, Amazon's Alexa Fund, AAC Technologies, Hyperplane and other strategic partners. For more information about Vesper, please contact us via email: info@vespermems.com or web: www.vespermems.com.
ZeroPower Listening is a trademark, and the Vesper logo is a registered trademark of Vesper. All other product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
YONKERS, NY--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - ContraFect Corporation ( NASDAQ : CFRX), a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of protein and antibody therapeutics for life-threatening, drug-resistant infectious diseases, announced today that it has appointed Lisa Ricciardi to its Board of Directors. Ms. Ricciardi is a Life Sciences executive with deep business development and operational experience. They have worked for top pharmaceutical, payer, and molecular diagnostics firms including Pfizer, Inc., Medco Health Solutions, Inc., and Foundation Medicine, as well as for Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, a global venture capital partnership. They currently serve on the board of Chimerix, Inc, and United Drug Healthcare Group, PLC, and was a prior board member of Sepracor Inc., which was sold to Dainippon Sumitomo for $2.6 billion.
"We are thrilled to have Lisa joining our board," said Steven C. Gilman, Ph.D., ContraFect's Chairman and CEO. "She has a proven ability to work in established companies as well as in early stage environments and their demonstrated success in executing global buy- and sell-side business development transactions will be invaluable to us as we continue to build the Company."
Ms. Ricciardi commented, "I am excited to join the ContraFect Board of Directors and look forward to working closely with the board and the management team to continue to advance novel therapeutics which, if successful, may provide important solutions to patients with serious and often life-threatening infections due to drug-resistant organisms."
About ContraFect
ContraFect is a biotechnology company focused on discovering and developing therapeutic protein and antibody products for life-threatening, drug-resistant infectious diseases, particularly those treated in hospital settings. An estimated 700,000 deaths worldwide each year are attributed to drug-resistant bacterial infections. We intend to address life threatening infections using our therapeutic product candidates from our lysin and monoclonal antibody platforms to target conserved regions of either bacteria or viruses (regions that are not prone to mutation). In addition to CF-301, the company's preclinical programs include potential novel lysins for the treatment of drug resistant gram-negative pathogens as well as a mononclonal antibody program targeted for the treatment of viral influenza.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This press release contains, and our officers and representatives may make from time to time, "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "projects," "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "potential" or similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements in this release include, without limitation, statements regarding our ability to discover and develop protein therapeutics and antibody products for life-threatening, drug resistant infectious diseases, whether Ms. Ricciardi's experience will be invaluable to the growth of the Company, whether the board and the management team can advance therapeutics which will provide important solutions to patients with serious and often life-threatening infections due to drug-resistant organisms, our ability to address life threatening infections using our therapeutic product candidates from our lysin and antibody platforms by targeting conserved regions of either bacteria or viruses, and our ability to discover and develop novel lysins for the treatment of drug-resistant gram-negative pathogens. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on ContraFect's current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of its business, future plans, strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond ContraFect's control, including those detailed in ContraFect's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ include, among others, our ability to develop treatments for drug-resistant infectious diseases. Any forward-looking statement made by ContraFect in this press release is based only on information currently available and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by applicable law, ContraFect expressly disclaims any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The former world champion said the tournament was just "a hiatus" from their retirement
Former world chess champion Garry Kasparov is coming out of professional retirement for a one-off tournament in St Louis, Missouri.
The 54-year-old from Azerbaijan has been out of the game for 12 years, after turning their hand to politics.
They gained legendary status, becoming known as the "Beast of Baku" and dominated the sport for fifteen years.
In a Facebook post they said: "This is not an end to my retirement from chess, only a five-day hiatus."
They added that any earnings from the competition will be donated to charity.
Mr Kasparov was selected as a wild card to compete in the Rapid and Blitz tournament against nine of the best players in the world.
The competition's format requires players to make moves much faster than in the ordinary game.
However, the current world champion, Norwegian Magnus Carlson, will not be there.
In 1985 Mr Kasparov became the youngest-ever world champion, maintaining the title for 15 years.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How a computer beat the best chess player in the world
They were a pioneer of using technology in the game, but was famously beaten by an IBM super computer Deep Blue in 1997.
Mr Kasparov stepped away from the sport in 2005, becoming a vocal opponent of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
They have taken part in significant demonstrations against the Russian leader and set up the Other Russia opposition group.
In 2013 they left Russia and moved to New York.
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Gawk, Inc. ( OTC PINK : GAWK), a cloud-based infrastructure-as-a-service company, today announced launch of a new product which provides unprecedented direct message delivery to mobile users and creates a unique, new channel for B2B and B2C users.
GAWK's new Direct Delivery delivers messages directly into the voicemail box of the user without a ring or alert, meaning the user is required to listen to the message in order to learn who it is from and what it is about.
During the product's beta testing, response rates increased by up to 80% due to the increase in percentage of those listening to the message, which means a massive boost to ROI in call campaigns.
GAWK's proprietary software initiates a landline-to-landline session directly with the phone carrier's voicemail system allowing unprecedented reach and deliverability of messages.
Instead of charging on a per call or per attempt basis, GAWK's service charges its customers only for a successfully delivered message into a target's voicemail.
"In an environment where consumers quickly adapt and become immune to new promotion channels, marketers need constantly new tools to deliver their message and improve ROI," commented CEO Scott Kettle. "We are excited about gaining marketshare with this unique and disruptive cloud technology."
For investor inquiries please call (888) 754-6190 Ext. 3 or email IR@gawk.com
For more information about GAWK's OTC Markets publicly traded shares click here
About GAWK, Inc.
GAWK, Inc. offers a suite of cloud communications, cloud connectivity, cloud computing, and managed cloud-based applications solutions to small, medium, and large businesses; and offers domestic and international voice services to communications carriers worldwide. It offers a suite of advanced data center and cloud-based services, including fault tolerant, high availability cloud servers, which comprise platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and a content delivery network; managed network services that converge voice and data applications, structured cabling, wireless, and security services, as well as include Internet access via Ethernet or fiber at speeds ranging from 10 Mbps to 10 Gbps; and data center solutions, including cloud services, colocation services, and business continuity services, such as storage and security. www.gawk.com
Forward-Looking Statements
All statements in this release that are not strictly historical facts are "forward-looking statements." Such forward-looking statements are based on GAWK's current assumptions, beliefs and expectations, and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause GAWK's actual results to be materially different from any results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some can be identified by the use of words such as "expect," "plan," "possibility," "offer," "if," "negotiate," "when," "believe," "will," "estimate," "continue," and similar expressions. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: ongoing and future intellectual property enforcement actions; the ability to successfully litigate or settle claims of patent infringement; GAWK's ability to obtain necessary financing, generate sufficient cash flow, and maintain appropriate indebtedness; and the increasing development of market competition in the area of telecommunications. These factors and others are described in more detail in GAWK's public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risks discussed in the "Risk Factors" section in GAWK's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these reports can be found on GAWK's website (www.gawk.com) under the heading "Investor Relations." GAWK is providing this information as of the date of this release and, except as required by law, does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Irrfan Khan: Vishal Bhardwaj will not start film till irrfan Returns | FilmiBeat
Filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj has decided to reschedule their upcoming project featuring Irrfan Khan, considering the actor's health issues.
Calling Irrfan, who is suffering from neuroendocrine tumour, a warrior the director said the team will wait for the actor to return from abroad, where they have gone for treatment.
"Irrfan is a warrior and we know they will conquer this battle. Therefore Deepika Padukone, Prernaa (producer) and I have decided to reschedule our film and start with renewed energy and celebration when our warrior returns as a winner," Bhardwaj tweeted.
The director-actor duo have previously worked together in "Maqbool", "7 Khoon Maaf" and "Haider", while Deepika and
Irrfan have earlier collaborated on "Piku".
The yet to titled project, which is a biopic on 'Sapna Didi' will be produced by KriArj Entertainment and Vishal Bhardwaj Pictures. The film was earlier scheduled to go on floors in February end.
On a related note, Irrfan Khan recently revealed that they have been diagnosed with neuroendocrine tumour, a rare form of cancer that can target various parts of the body, and is out of the country for treatment.
The actor, 51, said it has been difficult dealing with thedisease but people around them have given them hope and support to fight it.
"The unexpected makes us grow, which is what the past few days have been about. Learning that I have been diagnosed with Neuro Endocrine Tumour as of now has admittedly been difficult, but the love and strength of those around me and that I found within me has brought me to a place of hope," Irrfan said in amedia statement.
"The journey of this is taking me out of the country, and I request everyone to continue sending their wishes," they added.
The "Piku" actor also addressed the rumours surrounding their illness, saying neuro is not always about brain and thanked those who had not speculated about their health.
"As for the rumours that were floated, NEURO is not always about the brain and googling is the easiest way to do research. To those who waited for my words, I hope to be back with more stories to tell," they said.
Inputs From PTI
Untrained and Vulnerable: Small Biz Losing War on Cybercrime
Small businesses across America are increasingly falling prey to cyberattacks and allowing criminals access into the nation's critical information technology infrastructure, officials from the FBI and Department of Homeland Security warned lawmakers Tuesday.
"We're losing the war," FBI Cyber Division Deputy Assistant Director Howard Marshall told the House Committee on Small Businesses when asked small-business cyberattacks. "These are not things we have been trained to think about."
Against a backdrop of Kremlin-linked social media and cyber-meddling in U.S. elections and a steady drumbeat of state-sponsored hackers probing national security targets, lawmakers took time out Tuesday to acknowledge the unique challenges smaller firms given the limited resources they have.
"Forty percent of all cyberattacks are focused on companies with less than 500 employees," said Rep. Nydia Velazquez, New York Democrat. "This may be because 14 percent of small businesses reported having a plan in place for keeping their companies cybersecure."
The FBI tracks the "the accelerating sophistication" of threats and attack methods, Mr. Marshall explained. These include email scams targeting businesses with bogus foreign suppliers or wire transfers, criminal data thefts, and email phishing scams that lure victims to click on malware -- which often leads to digital ransom schemes that kidnap firm data.
Rep. Steve Chabot, Ohio Republican and panel chairperson, told committee members that one key to combating cybersecurity vulnerabilities "is strengthening the federal government's relationships with the private sector."
The committee is working on the Small Business Advanced Cybersecurity Enhancements Act of 2017, specifically aimed at easing information sharing between federal agencies and America's smallest companies and businesses.
Rep. Ralph Norman noted how hard it could be for rural businesses -- where reputation is everything -- to address the issue of cyberattacks themselves. The way a firm might disclose a breach, the South Carolina Republican said, could lead to questions of credibility and possible perceptions that a business might have lost critical customer data or trade secrets.
Richard Driggers, the deputy assistant secretary for communications at DHS's Office of Cybersecurity, empathized with the plight of small, rural firms caught in a cyberattack. "This isn't a gotcha game," they said. "We are not going to go report someone to a federal regulator. We want to help."
Mr. Driggers stressed that small businesses needed to stick to the security basics, including backing up critical data, protecting mobile devices, and tracking, locking or wiping any device that is lost or stolen.
They also noted that always keeping software security up to date, frequently changing system passwords and providing employees rudimentary cybersecurity training went a long way to helping small firms keep themselves safe.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Almost half of British women and a fifth of men has been sexually harassed at work, according to a recent BBC survey
"I've just moved house, do you want to come over and test my mattress?"
Charlotte reads from a list of #MeToo moments - the times in their career where they have experienced some kind of unwanted sexual attention. As a solicitor working in property, this text message from one of their clients is just the tip of the jaw-dropping iceberg.
"The worst one was by a married senior colleague. We had been at an event with lots of alcohol and they were brushing my hair with their wedding ring hand and saying I was very pretty.
"He's a very senior, well-respected person and known to be a family man. So it was very difficult for me to feel that I could report them because they had a real stature in the firm."
Cases such as Charlotte's (she asked us not to use their surname) dog every industry.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Revelations about Harvey Weinstein's behaviour have seen an increased awareness by businesses of the need to counter workplace sexual harassment
Following the revelations of Harvey Weinstein's behaviour and the outpouring of testimony on social media about under the hashtag #MeToo, sexual harassment is being scrutinised like never before. And businesses are struggling to work out how to deal with it.
Reactions
According to a recent BBC survey, almost half of British women and a fifth of men has been sexually harassed at work.
Parliament is so worried about it that MPs are conducting an inquiry into what can be done.
Company shareholders are also piling on the pressure, worried about the cost and reputational damage of sexual harassment cases.
Marija Kramer, from one of the world's most influential shareholder advisory companies ISS, says investors "are viewing sexual harassment as by-product of weak corporate policies, procedures, and controls".
But sexual harassment is often carried out by powerful individuals, away from company premises and potential witnesses, and like Charlotte many victims are reluctant to report it. So what can firms do?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Using the hashtag #MeToo many have now documented their own instances of sexual harassment on social media
For Radio 4's In Business programme, we have been looking at some of the ideas that are being explored.
Training
For any problem, the HR manager's solution of choice is sending employees on training courses.
It might sound crude, but sexual harassment training has been common practice in America since the 1990s and is spreading to Europe.
Elizabeth Tippett, associate professor at the University of Oregon School of Law, says many such programmes should be treated with a healthy dose of scepticism as businesses tend to use them as a check box.
They also say it can have a chilling effect on relationships in the office.
"Especially in environments where men hold positions of power, they might shy away from interacting with people who they perceive to be different from them or potential victims of harassment."
Others say it is a useful exercise to get colleagues to talk about their boundaries and raise awareness.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sexual harassment training has been common practice in America since the 1990s and is spreading to Europe
Tracy Powley runs UK-based Focal Point Training. They say the staff they work with have moments of realisation when taking them courses.
"A lot of cases of sexual harassment begin with a bit of banter, it could be a little bit teasing about something, but unless people know where those lines are it just starts to escalate."
Effective or not, it's certainly getting more popular.
Navex Global, which works with some of the world's top corporations on compliance issues, says it has seen a massive spike in enquiries since the #MeToo movement began.
Reporting
Sending people on training courses is easy. It's far harder for business to challenge the reasons why victims are often unwilling to speak up.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sexual harassment victims are often unwilling to publicly complain
Employment lawyer Karen Jackson left a career in the City to start their own legal practice, partly because they were a victim herself. They spell out this reluctance.
"They know there will be a big fallout from it. There will be other people at work judging them, potentially labelling them as a troublemaker and causing problems for their career.
"I have clients who can't tell me what has happened because they feel such a sense of shame."
One answer is independent whistle-blowing phone lines - already used by many blue chip companies.
They are the backstop for employees when they don't feel they can talk to their boss, who might even be the instigator or facilitator of harassment.
Image copyright Julia Shaw Image caption "The quality of your memory is evidence," says Julia Shaw
Dr Julia Shaw is trying to bring this to smaller businesses with their reporting app Talk to Spot. It's a chatbot that asks users factual questions to create an account of what has happened that they can present to their manager or keep for themselves.
They argue that people in the workplace are rarely trained in asking the "right" kind of questions and it can be difficult to open up to someone in person.
"The quality of your memory is evidence and is critical to being believed, to actually making sure that something can happen to deal with the situation.
"You can chat to our bot immediately, you don't have to wait for an HR person or wonder 'do I trust this person or not?' You can record it, time stamp it, and produce the evidence when you need it."
They say an easy thing for businesses to do is acknowledge reports within 24 hours - their research has found that this cuts down on mental health repercussions for the victim.
Counting cases
Acknowledging is one thing, but it is how businesses respond to these reports that has led to a culture of silence around the issue.
If victims are brave enough to report their concerns, serious cases usually end in a settlement where the victim is required to sign an NDA - a non-disclosure agreement.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Non-disclosure agreements have been in the news a lot - but what exactly are they?
They can't talk about what happened to them - or how much they were paid to go away. As a result it is almost impossible to know exactly how many cases there really are.
The Financial Reporting Council is currently consulting on revisions to the UK's corporate governance code, and greater transparency on sexual harassment is being proposed.
They are considering including a point about making management boards aware of claims relating to harassment.
In its submission, the shareholder lobby group PIRC is calling for an independent audit trail for harassment cases.
Jan Babiak, a board member of several companies, says all too often top managers have their head in the sand and don't believe it can happen to on their watch.
They agree it is good practice for all companies to conduct an audit of how many cases have been reported in their organisation over the past decade - and to make sure the board is kept up to speed.
"If you look at some of these payoffs - some of the big ones are £100,000. In a really big global company that's immaterial. Those kinds of things can get signed off two or three grades down from management level, so don't make it to the board."
Cultural change
Later this year, the Women and Equalities Select Committee will publish the results of its inquiry into sexual harassment in the workplace.
In the words of the chair, Maria Miller MP: "There needs to be a cultural change in the workplace to keep women safe and ensure that cases are dealt with sensitively and fairly."
Image copyright UK Parliament Image caption There needs to be a cultural change in the workplace, says Maria Miller MP
This emphasis on a "cultural change" might sound nebulous - but it is cited time and time again as the most effective way companies can get to grips with sexual harassment.
Ingrid Fredeen at Navex Global says it is about executives taking it seriously.
"If you look at the things that have gone wrong in companies over the past 18 months, it is when leaders didn't listen, they didn't respond, they didn't take allegations seriously.
"It doesn't matter what systems you put in, the company's culture and the way things are done is the most important point".
Gender balance
You can't change company culture just by writing a memo or sending people on a training course, but one lever that bosses can use is choosing who they hire.
If the senior ranks of a company are overwhelmingly male, it is easier for a "boy's club" culture to persist, where harassment is tolerated and complaints are not taken seriously.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Women still make up only 10% of executive directors in FTSE 100 companies
Women still make up only 10% of executive directors in FTSE 100 companies, and awareness of gender disparity is acute.
There is already a lot of work being done in this area. The climate of #MeToo activism and the publication of eye-opening gender pay gap data are propelling further this momentum for cultural change.
Anecdotally, head-hunters are desperately trying to find women to fill top roles. As one senior female banker recently told us, following the publication of their bank's gender pay gap data, "my chances of making managing director just doubled".
Perfect storm
As companies raise the profile of sexual harassment through training, reporting and audit, it is starting to have an impact in the workplace.
"I definitely think we're making progress," says Ms Jackson. "The fact that we're talking about this, that wasn't the case 10 or 20 years ago. I think the message is pretty clear that women are saying, 'we won't put up with this any longer'."
Maybe it is too early to call it a tipping point, but with a growing openness about sexual harassment, slowly the taboo is being stripped away from #MeToo.
For more on this, you can listen to Radio 4's In Business programme, broadcast on Thursday 26 April at 20:30 BST, or download the podcast here.
11:30 by Ngomakurira Have your say: An explosion of energy
The international Iter (journey) programme in Southern France aims to “trap a plasma in a huge magnetic ring and force heavy hydrogen isotopes to fuse together to release prodigious amounts of energy.” Do you understand? I don't! But I can grasp that the work – which is taking decades and costing billions – is about making “clean, safe, limitless energy for a world that will soon house 10 billion energy hungry citizens.”
A limited number of additional tickets are to be released for Runrig's farewell concert: The Last Dance in Stirling's City Park.
The announcement follows an agreement between the show's promoter, LCC Live, Stirling Council and its Safety Advisory Group to increase capacity for the Friday night (August 17) of The Last Dance, Runrig's penultimate concert.
The extra general admission standing tickets will be released for sale this Friday (April 27) at 10am through Ticketline.
Tickets for the Saturday night show sold out in record time, with the band announcing shortly afterwards that it would put on an additional concert on Friday 17th August 2018; these tickets also sold out.
Calum Macdonald of Runrig said: “We have been overwhelmed by the support we've had from our fans for our final live shows. Aware that there is still high demand for tickets, we have been working hard with the concert promoter, LCC Live, to increase capacity generally and to confirm the stage and production details, which in turn have generated some extra tickets.
“The Last Dance is certainly going to be an emotional experience for us all: an event like non-other in our 45-year history. We look forward to sharing the experience with our incredible fans and special guests for two great evenings of live music.”
Joining Runrig on stage for The Last Dance is multi-award-winning Gaelic folk singer Julie Fowlis and some other very special guests. With a career spanning over ten years and five studio albums, Julie reached global success on the soundtrack of Hollywood blockbuster Brave.
Julie will be on stage ahead of Runrig, entertaining the audience with their warm and engaging vocals and performing a selection of music from their back catalogue plus brand-new tracks from their latest album.
Julie said: “It is a huge honour to be invited to support Runrig for their big finale. My childhood heroes, I am immensely proud of the band and what they have done for Gaelic and Scottish music around the world. It is sure to be a poignant performance; a memorable weekend, that I wouldn't miss for the world. Come and join us and let's give Runrig the send-off they deserve!”
Runrig's The Last Dance concerts at Stirling's City Park are being promoted by LCC Live.
Its director Claire Kidger said: “Runrig's fans have fully embraced The Last Dance with unbelievable excitement, all wanting to be part of the final, farewell shows. We have been working hard in the background to confirm the staging and production arrangements with the band, as well as seeking agreement to increase capacity, with the ultimate goal of releasing more tickets.
“Our thanks to those partners who have helped make this possible, and to those Runrig fans who missed out the first time around, we urge you to be quick as we expect these extra tickets to be snapped up!”
More information about Runrig's The Last Dance concerts will be made available in the coming weeks.
A top Malaysian police officer on Wednesday told NDTV that controversial Muslim preacher Zakir Naik will be returning back to India today. They left the country back in 2016 and has been living in Kuala Lumpur since then. Notably, their return to India can be considered as a big victory for the country following a criminal case that was registered against them by the National Investigation Authority.
The controversial founder of Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) Dr Zakir Naik will return to India today, reports said. A report in NDTV suggested that the controversial Muslim preacher is expected to take a flight to India, and their visit has been confirmed by a top Malaysian police officer. Another report claimed that Naik will be extradited, which was confirmed by NIA Director-General Yogesh Chandra Modi, Times Now reported. Following a criminal case that was registered against them by National Investigation Authority in 2016, their return is going to be a big victory for India.
“He is out of the country tonight. They will be taking a flight to India today I believe,” NDTV quoted Malaysian police officer Mohammed Raby Abu Bakar in Kuala Lumpur as saying. They were also declared as a “proclaimed offender” by a special Mumbai court in 2017.
NDTV reported that when asked about giving resident to Naik in Malaysia, the government officials replied that the last government should be questioned about this. An official further added that India had failed to hand over an Interpol police that will give the Malaysian woman an authority to arrest him. Naik was also a wanted by the anti-terror National Investigation Agency.
Known for their hate speeches that allegedly inspired an IS terrorist involved in 2016 Dhaka attack, Naik has been charged with spreading hatred between different religious groups in India. Known for their hate speeches that allegedly inspired an IS terrorist involved in 2016 Dhaka attack, Naik has been charged with spreading hatred between different religious groups in India. In a video, they were also heard supporting Osama Bin Laden and dubbing America as the terrorist. During their lectures, they had also badly insulted comedian Kapil Sharma and called their jokes nonsense. Besides India, Bangladesh banned the channel telecasting their preachings.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Marvel(LOS ANGELES) — Lupita Nyong'o has got some major moves. The Oscar-winning actor covers the January 2018 issue of Vogue and explains inside how a recent trip to a New York Club strip club inspired them to pick up pole dancing.
“It was incredible and sexy, and I thought, ‘I need to learn how to do that,'” the Black Panther star says, referring to the dancers' acrobatics.
“That's why I like to try new things, like pole-dancing,” Lupita continues. “I value not being good at things, because children are not good at things.”
While Nyong'o's opening up about some of their new hobbies, the Star Wars: The Last Jedi actor is still remaining tight-lipped about their love life.
“You can ask, but you definitely won't get an answer,” they told Vogue regarding questions on whom she's currently dating. “There have been rumors and rumors and rumors about my love life,” they say. “That's the one area that I really like to hold close to my heart.”
Check out Vogue's full interview with Lupita online.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
China's government says it will respond to a possible trade probe ordered by President Donald Trump with "all appropriate measures" to protect Chinese interests.
The Commerce Ministry said Tuesday the Chinese government will take action if an American probe violates trade agreements or hurts Chinese companies. It gave no details of possible responses.
Trump signed an order Monday directing their trade representative to look into whether to launch a formal investigation into complaints Beijing forces foreign companies to hand over technology as the price of entry into China's markets.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A replication study of the well-known “marshmallow test”—a famous psychological experiment designed to measure children's self-control—suggests that being able to delay gratification at a young age may not be as predictive of later life outcomes as was previously thought.
The replication study, which appears in Psychological Science, uses a larger and more diverse sample of children to re-examine whether the marshmallow test does in fact predict longer-term cognitive and behavioral outcomes.
The new research shows that, although the marshmallow test, conceived by psychologist Walter Mischel, is related to later achievement, the relationship between a young child's ability to delay gratification and later outcomes is much weaker than previously believed.
The new study discovered that while the ability to resist temptation and wait longer to eat the marshmallow (or another treat offered as a reward) did predict adolescent math and reading skills, the association was small and disappeared after the researchers controlled for characteristics of the child's family and early environment.
Further, there was no indication that it predicted later behaviors or measures of personality. The authors concluded that interventions focused only on teaching young children to delay gratification are likely to be ineffective.
“Our findings suggest that an intervention that alters a child's ability to delay, but fails to change more general cognitive and behavioral capacities, will probably have very small effects on later outcomes,” says Tyler W. Watts, an assistant professor of research and postdoctoral scholar at New York University's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development.
“If intervention developers hope to generate the kinds of improvements associated with the original marshmallow study, it is likely to be more fruitful to target the broader cognitive and behavioral abilities related to gratification delay.”
The researchers drew the data for this study from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Study of Early Child Care and Youth Development, a geographically diverse dataset widely used in the field of developmental psychology.
In addition to using a large sample of 918 children, Watts created a subsample based on maternal education and focused much of the analysis on children whose mothers had not completed college by the time the child was born.
This subsample was more representative of the racial and economic makeup of the broader population of children in the US (though Hispanic children were still underrepresented). Participants in the original experiments were limited to children from the Stanford University community.
“I still remember, as an undergraduate, being fascinated by the findings from the famous marshmallow test when I first encountered them in my Introduction to Psychology course,” Watts says.
“Given the attention these findings still receive when decisions are made about the skills early-intervention programs should target, we thought it was important to revisit the older work by replicating the original experiment using a newer sample and updated statistical methods.
“Of course, these new findings should not be interpreted to suggest that gratification delay is completely unimportant, but rather that focusing only on teaching young children to delay gratification is unlikely to make much of a difference.”
Researchers from the University of California, Irvine, contributed to the study.
Source: NYU
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Clash of Clans maker Supercell looks to acquire as sales stall
With the ongoing release of exclusive new tracks still in full-swing, Adult Swim's Singles Program has been big on acts both large and small. Following songs from Zaytoven, Mija, and Clams Casino, the latest installment comes from Sad13, the solo project of Speedy Ortiz' Sadie Dupuis. Titled “Sooo Bad,” the self-produced track is a fuzzy foray into the world of synth-pop that pulls out all of what made last year's Slugger so memorable. The artist also shared that Slugger was in fact named after a character from the show Paranoia Agent, which aired on Adult Swim in the US. Check out the track below via Adult Swim.
Sessions defends Trump's response to Charlottesville violence
hello
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday strongly defended President Donald Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville, seeking to counter widespread criticism that the president did not go far enough in denouncing white supremacists and other hate groups.
"His initial statement on this roundly and unequivocally condemned hatred and violence and bigotry," Sessions said on ABC's "Good Morning America" as part of their appearances on morning shows. "He called on our people to work together in community and love and affection and not in hatred and violence."
Sessions also said that the violence in Charlottesville met the definition of domestic terrorism, a phrase that both Democratic and Republican lawmakers have been urging the president to use to describe the melees on Saturday.
The clashes left one woman dead after a car plowed into a group of counterprotesters. The alleged driver, James Alex Fields Jr., was described by one of their former teachers as a sympathizer of Nazi views. In a separate incident, two Virginia state troopers were killed in a helicopter crash outside Charlottesville.
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," Sessions said. "We are pursuing it the Department of Justice in every way that we can make a case. You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious charges that can be brought because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack."
While Trump has not used the words "white supremacy" in their comments about the Charlottesville violence, Sessions did not hesitate to use the phrase.
"Racism, white supremacy is totally unacceptable," Sessions said. "The president talked about the problems in America, in that first statement, have been going on a long time. They said before Donald Trump, before Barack Obama. A long time."
Sessions also said that Trump "opposes this kind of radical, racist bigotry that these organizations espouse."
Sessions said on CBS's "This Morning" that people are making "too much out of" President Trump not explicitly condemning white supremacists.
"Heather Heyer was out protesting racism and bigotry," Sessions said, referring to the 32-year-old woman killed in the car ramming.
"She has a right to do that. This individual had no right to drive a car into them and kill people, killing them and injuring others, some of them very seriously. This is absolutely unacceptable ... The president has directed us to get after it," Sessions added on the CBS show. "Our FBI people are working on it assiduously. Our United States attorneys and civil rights division are focused on it. Justice will be done. We are coming after these people ... It cannot be tolerated in America."
Sessions and FBI Director Chris Wray plan to meet with Trump later Monday to discuss the Charlottesville attacks and the Justice Department's civil rights investigation. It will be the first time that Sessions has met with the president since Trump publicly criticized Sessions and called them "weak."
Sessions said on NBC's Today Show that Trump has not apologized to them for the public criticisms they have made of Sessions in recent weeks.
"I believe in the president's agenda," Sessions said. "I believe in their leadership. They have a right to scold their cabinet members if he's not happy with them. And they have a right to have people in their cabinet that they believe will serve their agenda ... I look forward to meeting with them today and talking about the issues that face us right now. And I appreciate the opportunity to serve in their administration."
A suspect accused of striking an 80-year-old pedestrian in a fatal National City hit-and-run has turned themselves in, police say.
The crash happened Monday evening at 4th and V Avenues in National City, police said.
The victim, who has not been identified by the Medical Examiner, was crossing the street in front of their home when a dark colored sedan hit him, police said.
The driver, identified as 20-year-old Afrain Black, of San Diego, initially fled the scene, police said.
Man, 80, Struck in National City Hit & Run Crash
(Published Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017)
"He was thrown into a parked vehicle about roughly 20 feet," Sgt. Dennis Leach said. "It would be tough for a 20-year-old to survive that kind of crash, let alone an 80-year-old."
A friend of the victim said the man was walking their dogs when they were struck.
The friend said they heard a loud noise, walked outside of the home and the victim's dogs ran back inside the house.
The victim succumbed to their injuries early Tuesday morning.
The victim had been a part of the neighborhood for years and was often seen out walking their dogs, according to neighbors.
Black will be booked on County Jail on charges of felony hit and run causing death.
No further details were available.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Do Aussies have the cultural edge in digital transformation?
A new study finds that culture is the number one obstacle to digital transformation globally. So how do we stack up?
A new global study from consultancy firm Capgemini has revealed that 62 percent of respondents see corporate culture as one of the biggest hurdles in the journey to becoming a digital organisation.
The study was conducted in March and April 2017, and covered more than 1,700 respondents in 340 organisations from the United Kingdom (UK), France, Germany, Italy, Sweden, Netherlands, Spain and the United States (US).
While Australia was not included in the study, local partners believe that, as a country, we may be well ahead of the cultural pack.
Further, the study stated that, while 40 per cent of senior-level executives believe their firms have a digital culture, only 27 per cent of the employees surveyed agreed with this statement.
The survey asked respondents to assess their companies' digital culture based on seven attributes: their collaboration practices, innovation, open culture, digital-first mindset, agility and flexibility, customer-centricity and a data-driven culture.
Insights gathered from the report and through a series of focus interviews helped to identify some of the reasons behind this digital culture gap including senior leaders failing to communicate a clear digital vision to the company, the absence of digital role models and a lack of KPIs aligned to digital transformation goals.
Capgemini head of digital services, Cyril Garcia, said digital technologies can bring significant new value, but organisations will only unlock that potential if they have the right sustainable digital culture ingrained and in place.
"Companies need to engage, empower and inspire all employees to enable the culture change together; working on this disconnect between leadership and employees is a key factor for growth," they said. "Those businesses that make digital culture a core strategic pillar will improve their relationships with customers, attract the best talent and set themselves up for success in today's digital world."
The Missing Link CEO, Alex Gambotto, told ARN that culture definitely influenced technology buying decisions and digital transformation and thus investment in culture was something Australian institutions were, by and large, on top of.
"Culture can be a roadblock, but it is quite rare these days. Most people understand that convergence of technology is a fact of life and that, for the most part, it is beneficial," they said. "The majority understand that it lowers costs and increases productivity. The time it takes to hit return on investment with infrastructure projects is becoming shorter."
Alex Gambotto - CEO, The Missing Link at the ARN awards in 2014
Gambotto added that witnessing success of digital projects increases the appetite for change in general.
1 2 3 Next Page
Inman hurls several bills at gross production tax rate
As Democrats in Oklahoma's Legislature continue to push for an oil and gas tax policy that the majority party shows little interest in implementing, the House minority leader seems to be throwing a Hail Mary. State Rep. Scott Inman, D-Del City, filed more than a half-dozen bills that would in some ways alter the gross production tax rate on the oil and gas industry. That rate has been a contentious topic for several years, and it was a major sticking point for Democrats during the spring's legislative session.
New bills seek middle ground for school consolidation
As the debate over school district consolidation continues, some lawmakers are giving the state an opportunity to find a middle ground. A handful of lawmakers filed bills during the special legislative session that would implement some of the cost-saving measures that consolidation has to offer, but they would also try to preserve the districts and some of their authority figures.
Plaza Mayor to close at end of October
The company that manages Plaza Mayor at the Crossroads has announced the property's closing. CRM Properties Group LLC will close the mall to the public on Oct. 31. CRM said in a prepared statement that despite several efforts, it could not make the center a viable retail destination. The company cited low tenancy, lack of activity, and a tremendous economic burden as the reasons to close it.
Regent Bank to issue $12 million in common stock
Nowata-based Regent Bank will issue $12 million in common stock to raise capital for expansion of lending and possible acquisitions, Chief Executive Sean Kouplen said. Since the bank was acquired in 2008 by Regent Capital Corp., Kouplen's ownership group, it has grown into the Tulsa and Oklahoma City metro markets with three offices and 75 employees. In terms of assets, the bank has grown from $72 million in 2008 to $410 million now.
Industry: ODOT's cuts to projects are offensive, will hurt economy
Oklahoma Department of Transportation officials cut back on dozens of road and bridge projects in their eight-year plan in response to the Legislature's handling of the state budget. The Transportation Commission voted to approve a rebalanced plan for projects for fiscal years 2018-2025, for removing items for the first time since 2003. Overall, 40 construction projects worth about $204 million were cut from the calendar and 40 percent of all programmed projects were delayed at least one year, including 65 that were scheduled for bidding this year. ODOT officials expressed frustration for being forced to make the adjustments in response to $840 million in cumulative state funding reductions over the last seven years. The private sector was blunter.
Brecheen's bill would stop refunds to those who don't pay taxes
Lawmakers have filed several bills for the legislative session that would nix tax breaks, and one lawmaker wants to home in on companies and residents that aren't paying income taxes at all. State Sen. Josh Brecheen, R-Coalgate, filed several bills that would eliminate some tax policies that allow any earner – corporate or individual – to get more money in rebates than they pay in income taxes.
Economic development challenges rural tribes
Tribes want to recruit companies that bring jobs, but location can present challenges. In the Tulsa area, where the Cherokee Nation and the Muscogee (Creek) Nation are based, being near a large city is an attraction. But in rural Oklahoma, where the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes and the Sac and Fox Nation are found, it's a different situation, said Terri Parton, president of the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes.
Interim study on passenger rail picks up momentum
Discussions about passenger rail in Oklahoma turned to practical matters of speed and money when a Tulsa lawmaker brought a contractor to the state Capitol to talk numbers. Government officials, economic developers and industry experts have been talking about high-speed rail options for months. Argument points are nearly as predictable as a train schedule: Supporters say the transportation could help the state in several ways, but opponents point out that it's difficult to estimate costs and financing.
Lawmakers consider zeroing out zero-emission incentives
Legislators are again considering eliminating tax incentives for electricity generated from renewable resources as one potential way to fill an estimated $215 million budget hole. Senators introduced at least four bills since Sept. 22 that would limit or speed up the end date for so-called zero-emission tax credits given to electricity generated from wind farms, solar photovoltaic panels, hydroelectric dams or geothermal heat pumps.
Supreme Court declares part of workers' comp law unconstitutional
The Oklahoma Supreme Court struck down part of the Administrative Workers' Compensation Act, ruling a provision that barred injured employees' benefits if they missed doctor's appointments violated the state constitution. Section 57 of the law cut off workers' compensation benefits to any employee who missed two or more doctor's appointments, unless the absences were caused by extraordinary circumstances beyond the employee's control or the worker gave at least two hours' notice and with a valid excuse.
Tribal leader testifies before Congress
Cherokee Nation Chief Bill John Baker testified before a U.S. House of Representatives subcommittee about legislation that would affect Oklahoma's Five Civilized Tribes. H.R. 2606 would amend the Stigler Act. The 1947 legislation requires that within the Five Civilized Tribes, land that's passed down through families can remain in Indian status only if the owner has 50 percent or more Indian blood. H.R. 2606 would remove the 50-percent requirement.
Total state collections up
Oklahoma's September gross receipts are in, and state Treasurer Ken Miller's analysis is even stronger than it was for August. Total collections for the month generated $1 billion in revenue, up $72.4 million or 7.7 percent from the same month the prior year, according to a news release Miller's office issued. September marked six consecutive months of collections being up over the same month the year before.
Ethics Commission considers cooling-off period for would-be lobbyists
The Oklahoma Ethics Commission is mulling a rule change that would ban all state employees and officials from lobbying for two years after their tenure ends. The proposal was poorly received during a hearing Thursday. About a dozen people – lobbyists, lawyers, and several lawmakers – took the stand to ask the commission to abandon the proposal.
WINTER HARBOR — Kylie Bragdon defeated sitting Winter Harbor Board of Selectmen Chairman Terry Bickford by 18 votes in Tuesday's election.
Bragdon, a Sumner Memorial High School graduate and former teacher at Mount Desert Island High School, received 61 votes to Bickford's 43.
Following their victory, Bragdon posted to their Facebook page, saying, “Thank you, voters! I am excited and proud to represent you in the next three years as a Winter Harbor selectman.”
In Gouldsboro, the special referendum on bonds passed 122-57. The school budget and referendum were passed 130-47 and 126-49, respectively.
NOTE: The national semifinals from San Antonio will be televised Saturday, March 31, on TBS with team-specific “TeamCast” broadcast on TNT and truTV. The national championship will air Monday, April 2, on TBS.
Jim Nantz, Grant Hill, Bill Raftery and Tracy Wolfson will be on the call for the Final Four and national championship games on TBS. Veteran play-by-play voice Ian Eagle will be on the mic for the regional semifinals and finals for the first time.
Sweet 16/regional semifinals
THURSDAY
7:07 p.m., CBS: No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago (Brian Anderson, Chris Webber, Lisa Byington)
7:37 p.m., TBS: No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M (Kevin Harlan, Reggie Miller, Dan Bonner, Dana Jacobson)
It's not too early to think about managing your taxes and minimizing the hit to income. Jon Sweeney / NBC News
For the majority of tax filers, who had insurance through an employer or government program for 2016, all they have to do is check the box on
Form 1040 that says they were covered for a full year. That's it.
Under a decision by the Trump administration, however, leaving that box blank will not get your tax return kicked back to you. The IRS under President Barack Obama also did not reject returns with the box left blank last year or the year before, but it had announced it would step up enforcement of what's known as the “individual mandate” for tax year 2016. That
plan was canceled under Trump's executive order calling on federal agencies to “minimize the burden” of the health law.
Related:
Six Things You May Not Know Could Go With Obamacare Repeal
Still, those who lacked insurance for more than three consecutive months, or who bought individual insurance and got federal help paying the premiums, need to do a little more work.
Those with no insurance or a lengthy gap may be required to pay what the federal government calls a “shared responsibility payment.” It's a fine for not having coverage, on the theory that even those without insurance will eventually use the health care system at a cost they can't afford and someone else will have to pay that bill.
Many people without insurance, however, qualify for one of several dozen “exemptions” from the fine. Nearly 13 million tax filers claimed an exemption for 2015 taxes,
according to the IRS. The most common were for people whose income was so low (less than $10,350 for an individual) that they are not required to file a tax return, Americans who lived abroad for most of the year and people for whom the cheapest available insurance was still unaffordable (costing more than 8 percent of their household income).
Related:
Should You Even Sign Up for Obamacare?
The fine for 2016 taxes is the greatest of $695 per adult or 2.5 percent of household income. Fines for uncovered children are half the amount for adults. Fines are pro-rated by the number of months you or a family member was uninsured.
The
maximum fine is $2,676; that is the national average cost of a “bronze” level insurance plan available on the health exchanges. But most people do not pay anywhere near that much. Last year, said the IRS, an estimated 6.5 million tax filers paid a fine that averaged $470.
Related:
Seven Ways Trump Could Make Obamacare ‘Explode'
If you bought your own insurance from the federal or a state health insurance exchange and you got a federal tax credit to help pay for that coverage, you also have to take a step before you can file your taxes.
People who got those tax credits must fill out a
form that “reconciles” the amount of subsidies they received based on their income estimates with the amount they were entitled to according to their actual income reported to the IRS.
In 2016, 5.3 million taxpayers had to pay the government because they got too much in tax credits, compared with 2.4 million who got additional money back. But among those who underestimated their incomes and had to pay back some of those tax credits, 62 percent still received a net refund on their taxes.
This story was contributed by
Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
White Supremacists encircle counter protestors at the base of a statue of Thomas Jefferson after marching through the University of Virginia campus with torches in Charlottesville, Va., USA on August 11, 2017 (Photo by Shay Horse/NurPhoto via Getty Images)
In the age of social media—when cowardly trolls and bigoted bots tend to hurl insults from the safety of anonymous online profiles—the white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and racist demonstrators in Charlottesville did not bother to hide their identities.
They crossed the University of Virginia campus to demand attention with their heads held high, a horde of men whose faces were lit by the torches they carried—a scene intended to evoke and glorify the cruelties of fire-wielding lynch mobs and cross-burners of the Ku Klux Klan.
Yet many of these marchers might bristle at being called Klansmen, per se, counting themselves among some differently-named herd of hateful racists. In recent years, American racists have taken pains to come up with new terminology to self-identify with—such as the so-called “alt-right,” a phrase credited to avowed racist Richard Spencer, who famously celebrated Trump's victory with Nazi salutes.
TRENDING: Photographer behind graphic Charlottesville image recounts near-death experience
The media should have had the same reaction to “alt-right” as we did to Kellyanne Conway's insistence on “alternative facts”—utter disbelief and amusement at the idea that we couldn't see a lie for a lie.
But the term didn't die on the fringes of society, instead finding its way into our mainstream. In news coverage, the phrase “alt-right” shows up, often used as shorthand in headlines or a catch-all term for the many types of hate groups that traveled to Charlottesville from different parts of the country. The weekend's events were called “Unite the Right” because while these groups share many basic tenets, America's hatemongers are splintered into more than 900 groups now.
Trump — again — fails to condemn alt-righthttps://t.co/hKKczrvB9b Sign up for CJR 's daily email — Karen (@kyungkarenmend1) August 14, 2017
A list of all the ways Trump and their advisers have supported the white supremacist alt-right: https://t.co/eYT3WvHs3j pic.twitter.com/HSKPZPkX35 — Slate (@Slate) August 14, 2017
How did such a basic bigot as Spencer—dubbed a “kind of professional racist in khakis” by advocates—redefine overt racism and white supremacy as if they were new? Until this weekend, many Americans and media makers dismissed them as a small group in a dark corner of the internet. But with three dead and more than a dozen others wounded in Charlottesville, white supremacists have unapologetically brought their beliefs and desired violence into the light—we all see it more clearly now. It's time for media to reframe coverage to clearly relate this fresh outburst of hatred to America's long history of racial violence.
In the Associated Press' Stylebook, the term “alt-right” is defined as “a name currently embraced by some white supremacists and white nationalists“—which, in itself, paints the term as a trendy thing to call an age-old American problem. Somehow, they were allowed to rework their public personas with a term that makes them sound a little edgy, like an alt-weekly or alt-rock.
In the already outdated 2017 edition, the AP style guide offers a warning to avoid using alt-right without defining it, or using a broad brush “because it is not well-known.” It's time for AP—and newsrooms coast to coast—to stop using such a vague term.
Notably, the AP adds: “the term may exist primarily as a public relations device to make its supporters' actual beliefs less clear and more acceptable to a broader audience.” What an odd suspicion to note, all while allowing the phrase to be used. Journalists should ask: Does our continued use of the phrase “alt-right” amount to allowing ourselves to be spun by bigots? Can't we just call a racist?
I've thumbed the Stylebook for many years, and I've never seen a phrase described quite like this, or a group so nascent as to be “not well-known” and yet allowed to define itself in a manner that distances itself from typical bigots.
One initial reason for the distinction, that most so-called alt-right groups operate primarily online and through memes, no longer exists. The alt-right is on the streets and hiding in plain sight with a new nickname.
Pundits, please stop dignifying racists, fascists & white supremacists by calling them what they want to be called — "alt-right." — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) August 13, 2017
Please stop calling them alt-right. That's their euphemism. If they chant "blood and soil" they're neo-nazis and/or white supremacists. https://t.co/q072ip8AaD — Joseph Brown (@Joseph_M_Brown) August 12, 2017
I really wish y'all would stop calling them Nazis and alt-right, and call them white supremacists. Hell, call them Confederates. — Cocky McSwagsalot (@MoreAndAgain) August 12, 2017
As journalists, is it better to be able to properly define what specific type of bigotry our interview subjects support? In theory, yes. But we must put truth ahead of rebranding of the same old hatreds. We know spin when we see it. We already had words for white men who believed their rights were more important than anyone else's. We have to be brave enough to use them.
The rebranding of white supremacy knows no bounds. Consider this statement from one of the white supremacists whose picture was circulated on social media this weekend: “I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo,” Peter Cvjetanovic, 20, told a local news station in their home state of Nevada.
In said photo, Cvjetanovic is illuminated by torchlight, wearing a white nationalist symbol on their shirt, and they are visibly giving full-throated support during a march where Nazi slogans and white supremacist chants were being hollered by hordes of white men.
Like the others, they didn't wear a Klansman's hood or hide their identity in any way.
Peter Cvjetanovic tells KTVN "I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo." Kid, you're the Hazel Bryan of 2017. https://t.co/v2QYtMcwpt pic.twitter.com/0g2Wic4a7u — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 13, 2017
Even in a clear image of an angry racist, the subject implores viewers to ignore undeniable proof. Despite their attempt to spin, every thinking adult knows what it means to take up torches to march through the South in service of white power.
After watching the chaotic violence this weekend, it's clear: It doesn't matter if perpetrators call themselves neo-Nazi, or white separatist, or European “Identitarian” (as the symbol on Cvjetanovic's shirt indicates they are). It matters that we call racism and white supremacy by the terms best understood by our readers and our history. These groups may take up different names and pretend that they are new, novel, or special—but they all unapologetically stoke racial violence and promote white supremacy.
Reminder to journalists: white nationalism is bad. Trying to pull "both sides" on this subject IS an editorial stance—and not a good one. — Jack Jenkins (@jackmjenkins) August 12, 2017
Journalists can't afford to assign blame equally or pretend a bigot's motive is anything short of horror.
ICYMI: “If you're telling me their secrets, you're probably telling them mine. Now I know never to trust you.”
The bigoted displays and casualties witnessed this weekend in Charlottesville should sound the alarm in newsrooms across the country. The caution that often guides coverage choices dealing with hate groups is that news organizations cannot ignore violence or mayhem, but if no injury or damage is recorded the tendency is to ignore the actions of white terrorists. This is a dangerous backseat to take. As NPR's David Folkenflik said this week on Reliable Sources, it's important to frame coverage carefully so as not to overblow political influence. “I think there's an obligation to cover this but—it's not a binary choice, folks. We have to make subtle distinctions and smart choices in the way we do this,” Folkenflik said.
About to join CNN's @ReliableSources to talk about #Charolettesville coverage and then legal troubles at Fox News & other news orgs — David Folkenflik (@davidfolkenflik) August 13, 2017
Journalists cannot ignore that the larger picture is growing very grim. We may be telling the story of the modern demise of American tolerance. Violence has visited America repeatedly in the age of Trump, and unlike any of their predecessors, they are not interested in acting like a healer.
In the wake of blatantly racist violence, the American president initially blamed “many sides.”
The president of the United States has just failed to condemn white supremacy and neo-Nazi ideology. — Jeffrey Goldberg (@JeffreyGoldberg) August 12, 2017
Reporter asks Trump if they want support of white nationalist, Trump walked off without answering. — Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) August 12, 2017
At a certain point, we must all pause to ask: How is it that the only time our mouthy, straight-shooting, politically incorrect president seems to bite their tongue is when they are called upon to denounce white supremacists?
Does it have much to do with the fact that they line the senior ranks of their administration with outspoken white supremacists, including Steve Bannon, formerly of Breitbart? And why is the administration so interested in curbing civil rights investigations and stopping funding for counter-white nationalism efforts?
These questions should trouble every American, and therefore be on the tip of the tongue of every journalist.
Until we get real answers, it's time to stop calling the president's favored political zealots by their favored self-identifying term. Journalists can't allow agents of hatred to set how they are defined. Their rebranding is little more than a cover-up for white supremacists to continue to commit foul acts of disrespect, intimidation, and violence.
ICYMI: How the ‘alt-right' checkmated the media
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Shaya Tayefe Mohajer is a freelance journalist in Los Angeles. Previously, they were the news editor for TakePart.com and a reporter for The Associated Press.  They are a graduate of New York University's masters program in journalism. Follow them on Twitter @Shaya_in_LA.
OCEAN, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - When you purchase a new vehicle, it is common to assume that the included warranty will cover anything that goes wrong with it. This is not the case. An extended service contract from NCWC Inc. can help fill the gaps in your coverage, providing the peace of mind you need at a price you can afford when standard auto warranties just don't cut it.
Policies sold by NCWC Inc. are administered by Palmer Administrative Services, a market leader with 25 years of experience in the extended auto service field. This experience allows them to offer a range of coverage options, including engine-only coverage on the low end and all-inclusive protection at a higher price point. Their A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau ensures that any claims are paid promptly, sparing you the headache caused by less reputable merchants.
The claims process is as convenient for you as you can imagine. First of all, there is no limit to the number of claims you can make. You simply choose your repair shop and have them contact NCWC Inc. to work out the paperwork. In many cases your chosen mechanic is paid directly, separating you from the claims process altogether. If you are to be reimbursed, payment will arrive in the form of a check or credit card (where applicable).
NCWC Inc.'s service contracts also include added value and benefits beyond a convenient claims process. Your coverage is transferable, increasing your vehicle's resale value if you decide to sell it during the life of the warranty. You can also receive up to $75 a day to cover meals and accommodations if your vehicle breaks down while you are away from home. Should you find yourself locked out of your vehicle, your coverage includes the services of a professional locksmith. Towing and a car rental are also covered while your vehicle is being repaired.
If your car ever breaks down, you will be happy to know that your extended service contract will mitigate some of the associated costs. All you need to worry about is getting your car fixed, NCWC Inc. will take care of the logistics.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokesperson for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of their work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; they called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
Dangerous lightning and 60 mph winds are expected.
“Expect damage to roofs, siding, and trees. Locations impacted include Watertown, Gordonsville, Hickman, South Carthage and Alexandria. This includes Interstate 40 between mile markers 245 and 261. For your protection move to an interior room on the lowest floor of a building,” officials said.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman “a son of a dog” on Monday, with Friedman responding with a question: “Antisemitism or political discourse? Not for me to judge, I will leave that up to you.”
The US administration “has said that settlement building is legitimate,” Abbas said. “That's what several American officials have said including, first and foremost, their ambassador in Tel Aviv, David Friedman. They said [settlers] are building on their land. Son of a dog, they are building in their land?  They are a settler and their family members are settlers.”
While they have supported projects in settlements before becoming ambassador, Friedman lives in the official residence of the US ambassador in Herzliya.Friedman's comments came during a speech in Jerusalem at the Sixth Global Forum for Combating Antisemitism. They read about Abbas' comments – which were delivered in a speech to a meeting of the Palestinian leadership at the PA presidential headquarters in Ramallah – just minutes before they delivered their speech.The mudslinging between the two politicians is part of the deterioration of US-Palestinian relations in advance of the anticipated peace plan by US President Donald Trump.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issued a statement taking Abbas to task for their “verbal attack” on Friedman “For the first time in decades, the American administration has stopped pampering the Palestinian leaders and says to them: ‘Enough is enough...' Apparently, the shock from the truth is causing them to lose their tempers,” they said in a statement.Abbas was responding to a tweet earlier in the day by Friedman, who wrote of the recent terrorist attacks: “Tragedy in Israel.Two young soldiers, Netanel Kahalani and Ziv Daos, murdered in the North, and father of 4, Adiel Kolman, murdered in Jerusalem, by Palestinian terrorists. Such brutality and no condemnation from the PA! I pray for the families and the wounded – so much sadness,” Friedman tweeted.In their speech to the antisemitism conference, Friedman explained the tweet, saying that they merely “observed something that was unfortunate and obvious. I observed this morning that three Jews were killed in cold blood by Palestinian terrorists, and the reaction from the Palestinian Authority was deafening. No condemnation whatsoever. I pointed that out without further commentary.”Abbas's response, they said calmly, “was to call me the son of a dog.”Friedman spoke of how in polite circles in their hometown of New York it is completely unacceptable to express antisemitic sentiments, but fine to say that Israel has turned into Nazis against the Palestinians.“To accuse Israel of Nazism, apartheid, or institutionalized bigotry because of well-intentioned good faith efforts to protect its inhabitants against terrorists is to be an antisemite,” they said. “Plain and simple.”This was not the first time that one of Friedman's tweets following a terrorist attack has triggered Palestinian ire.In early February, Friedman responded to the terrorist attack in Ariel, in which Rabbi Itamar Ben-Gal from Har Bracha was killed, with a similar tweet: “Twenty years ago I gave an ambulance to Har Bracha hoping it would be used to deliver healthy babies. Instead, a man from Har Bracha was just murdered by a terrorist, leaving behind a wife and four children.Palestinian ‘leaders' have praised the killer. Praying for the Ben-Gal family.”Abbas's spokesperson Nabil Abu Rudeineh said in response to that tweet, “The statements by the US ambassador lead us to wonder about the ambassador's relationship with the occupation: Do they represent the US or Israel? The ambassador's advice and consultations, which are not aimed at achieving a just peace based on international legality, have led to this crisis in US-Palestinian relations.”After the murder of Rabbi Raziel Shevach near Gilad Farm in January, Friedman tweeted: “An Israeli father of six was killed last night in cold blood by Palestinian terrorists.Hamas praises the killers and PA laws will provide them financial rewards. Look no further as to why there is no peace. Praying for the bereaved Shevach family.”That tweet elicited this response from the PA: “The American ambassador in Tel Aviv is known for their predetermined positions, which reflect a total bias in favor of the occupation and settlement.”
Miami's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends. But most bars just play music and offer drinks. For those looking for a little change, try visiting an iconic bar. Antique architecture, buildings, legends from decades in the past, and gorgeous, calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark.
Virat Kholi
Bollywood actor and producer Anushka Sharma finally tied the knot with Indian Cricket team captain Virat Kohli on 11th Dec. The wedding, that took place in Italy and was performed as per Hindu rituals.
Anushka looked gorgeous as Sabyasachi bride and Virat stole the hearts with their dapper attire on their special day. We bring to you some inside pictures from their fairty tale wedding, which will definitely put a smile on your face.
Match Made In Heaven Anushka Sharma shared the wedding news with their fans by posting, ''Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.'' Only Family Members & Close Friends Were Invited According to a statement released on behalf of the couple, the wedding was attended by close family and a few close friends as they wished their wedding to be a very private affair. A Beautiful Destination Wedding Virat and Anushka, both 29, married according to Hindu rites at a countryside resort in Tuscany. A Grand Reception As per ANI, the couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on December 21, followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on December 26. Virat Spent Three Months To Get A Perfect Ring For Anushka A source told Bollywood Life, "He's picked a very rare diamond ring for Anushka that has been specially crafted by an ace designer from Austria.'' More Details.. ''The design is unimaginably beautiful and reflects surprising elements, every time you see it from different angles.'' The Cost Of The Ring Will Make Your Jaw Drop ''It costs about Rs 1 crore but it's totally worth the money because whoever will see it, definitely wouldn't be able to take their eyes off it." Their Future Plans Their spokesperson revealed, "They will be shifting to their new residence in Worli (Mumbai) in December. We're extremely grateful to media for their support and understanding in making this special occasion a memorable one and thank them for their continued love and support." Those Who Don't Know Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli met while filming a commercial in 2013.
Also Read: Anushka Sharma & Virat Kohli's WEDDING! Bollywood Stars Wish The NEWLYWEDS
iStock/Thinkstock(SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico) — San Juan mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz called Tuesday's announcement of new death toll estimates in Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria “a day of collective mourning” for the weather-battered island.
“It was a very painful day… but it came to put a number on what we already know – that the total death toll was not correct and that the government was not telling the truth,” Yulin Cruz told ABC News.
Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health estimated that between Sept. 20 and Dec. 31, there were 4,645 “excess deaths,” according to the report in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The researchers say the death toll may be more than 70 times the official estimate. Puerto Rico's official government death toll currently stands at 64.
“This number [is] for “when government don't do what they are supposed to do,” the mayor said as they pointed to a hat bearing the numbers 4,645 as a reminder of the hurricane's deadly toll. (flipped this sentence around).
“It isn't the smiles of the ones I got to that will haunt me forever, it is the pain of those we didn't get to that will stick with me forever,” an emotional Yulin Cruz said.
The Harvard report relied on household surveys to generate the estimate, which researchers said had a margin of error of plus or minus 3,852, meaning the actual number of deaths could be as low as 793 or as high as 8,498. However. Researchers said the likely figure is about 5,000. The mayor of Puerto Rico's capital has been a fierce critic of the Trump administration. In the days following Maria, Trump visited the island and said “every death is a horror.
“But if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here,” they continued, “sixteen versus literally thousands of people.” “Not one tweet from a man that tweets about the sunrise…to say, people of Puerto Rico, we are sorry, “ a frustrated Yulin Cruz said.
“Don't accept the blame, because Lord knows they are incapable of doing,” they said of Trump. “But just say sorry, I'm sorry that lives were lost.”
The Atlantic hurricane season starts on Friday – something that Yulin Cruz says the island is not equipped to handle again.
“Puerto Rico is not prepared…we've learned about the things we fell short and we are in a better position to handle them,” they said. “We hope that we do not have to handle them anymore,” they said.
Them “4,645“ hat is just one of the small reminders they keep more than eight months after Maria.
“I wrote with chalk on my wall ‘NEVER AGAIN' and the number 4,645,” they said.
“These are people – grandparents and mothers and children that will never be able to live because others weren't able to help them survive.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Image copyright PA
A former volunteer at the Jim Clark Rally has told an inquiry a stretch of road close to where three people died in 2014 was infamous.
David Andrew said there was a small bump in the road which could catch out drivers at low speed as it caused cars to wobble at the back.
The fatal accident inquiry saw footage of a car leaving the road and ploughing into a field during the event.
The hearing at Edinburgh Sheriff Court is ongoing.
It is looking at the circumstances of the deaths of Iain Provan, Elizabeth Allan and Len Stern at the Borders event in 2014 and that of Joy Robson at the Snowman Rally near Inverness the previous year.
Metro Police said two people were killed in a crash at Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue on May 15 (Photo: Gai Phanalasy / FOX5)
The man suspected of killing a couple in a DUI crash at Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue Tuesday was traveling at 100 miles per hour and told police they didn't remember details of the crash, according to their arrest report.
Henry Aparicio, 23, appeared in a Las Vegas courtroom Friday. A judge set their bail at $500,000 and they face up to 60 years behind bars.
According to Las Vegas Metro police, Aparicio was behind the wheel of a Mercedes-Benz when it rear-ended a Toyota Prius that was stopped at a red light. Police said Aparicio was driving at a high rate of speed and impairment was a factor in the crash.
Damaso and Christa Puente, who were in the Toyota, died at the scene of the crash, police said.
Court records show Aparicio was charged with two counts of driving under the influence resulting in death, one count of driving under the influence resulting in substantial bodily harm, and three counts of reckless driving resulting in death or substantial bodily harm.
According to their arrest report, Aparicio's "speedometer was locked at approximately 100 mph." Their Mercedes traveled "approximately 202 feet" after the crash and the Toyota "traveled approximately 224 feet" after the crash.
Police said Aparicio's eyes were bloodshot and watery, and they had an "odor of an alcoholic beverage" on their breath. Their speech was slurred, mumbled and confusing, the report said. Body camera also captured the officer's observations.
Aparicio told police they drank in downtown Summerlin, didn't remember how much, or for how long. They also didn't remember where or when the crash happened, according to their arrest report.
[RELATED: Friends say Las Vegas couple, killed in suspected DUI crash, was trying to start a family]
The passenger in the Mercedes, identified as 23-year-old Morgan Hurley, was injured and treated at University Medical Center, police said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Norwegian's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Nicholas Rogers is on trial accused of murdering Alexandra Stuart
Jurors have been urged to convict a man of murdering a mail carrier in the Scottish Borders last year.
Prosecutor Keith Stewart QC said Nicholas Rogers, 27, had been drinking and "behaved as they wanted with no heed for the consequences".
They have denied murdering Alexandra Stuart in Peebles but admits killing her, claiming they were suffering from an "abnormality of the mind" at the time.
The trial at the High Court in Glasgow continues.
Mr Stewart suggested that Mr Rogers had "openly relished" their "position of power" while armed with a blade.
They were said to have "turned down pleas for mercy" before "plunging" the weapon into Ms Stuart's chest as they sat crying on a couch.
The advocate depute said before Mr Rogers struck the young woman they had had "chances to step back from the terrible abyss".
'No winner'
Mr Rogers claims they were acting with "diminished responsibility" that morning.
Their QC, Brian McConnachie, said the "question of mental health" was "an incredibly difficult one" for those "lucky enough not to suffer from it".
They went on: "There is no winner here irrespective of the verdict.
"A young woman lost their lives at the hands of the man in the dock.
"If it's murder or culpable homicide due to diminished responsibility, either way, Alex Stuart cannot be brought back.
"Nicholas Rogers has to live with the fact they took a life."
However, the advocate concluded by suggesting "the balance clearly tipped in favour" of the reduced charge.
Physical conditions at 10 percent of the city's public-housing developments are so poor that the feds have rated them “troubled.”
The city's Independent Budget Office said a review by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development showed that the oldest and largest developments had the biggest ­issues.
Roughly 64,000 out of 400,000 NYC Housing ­Authority tenants reside in the lowest-rated buildings.
This includes the Patterson Houses in The Bronx, rated worst in the city, where tenants have complained in recent years about the lack of heat, hot water and cooking gas, according to published reports.
Officials have said ­NYCHA is facing a $17 billion shortfall in its capital program, but noted that Mayor de Blasio has committed $1 billion over the next 10 years toward roof repairs.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
Leading recruitment software provider, iCIMS, releases report on hiring in the healthcare industry, sheds light on job growth in the industry
MATAWAN, NJ--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - iCIMS, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based talent acquisition solutions, released a comprehensive healthcare report today, which highlights the factors driving changes in healthcare hiring today. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), healthcare professions will add the most jobs of any occupation group from 2014 to 2024.
"Healthcare has always been a steady source of job growth and the BLS projects that healthcare-related occupations will continue to grow," said iCIMS chief economist, Josh Wright. "While this need for healthcare positions won't be changing anytime soon, two factors driving changes in healthcare hiring are demographics and policy."
The report covers hiring metrics, time to fill and the number of applicants per position, for the healthcare industry as a whole and various subcategories of the industry including hospitals, standalone ambula­tory care clinics, nursing/residential facilities and social assistance organizations.
Key findings from the report include:
Ambulatory-care employers and nursing/residential facilities face the greatest challenges in attracting applicants, yet ambulatory-care employers fill positions faster than other categories.
Nursing and residential facilities see the fewest applicants per position.
Technical healthcare positions receive the fewest applicants per position and have seen the steadiest tightening in their competition.
Healthcare support positions, such as home health aides, get filled faster than other healthcare occupations, despite usually receiving the most applicants per position.
"The number of applicants per open position in the healthcare industry has been declining over the last three years indicating tough competition for talent within the industry," added Wright. "Healthcare recruiters face intense pressure to maintain their current pace of hiring, adapt to emerging trends and plan for longer-term shifts. Ultimately, healthcare organizations will adapt to future needs through a combination of technological innovation and new organizational designs -- everything from emergency rooms and special clinics to telemedicine and data analytics -- but they will also require a greater number and different proportions of healthcare workers to meet the demands of the future."
To view the full report please visit iCIMS Hiring Insights.
About iCIMS, Inc.:
iCIMS is the leading provider of talent acquisition solutions that help businesses win the war for top talent. iCIMS empowers companies to manage their entire hiring process within the industry's most robust Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS). Built on the foundation of a best-to-market talent acquisition software suite, iCIMS' PaaS framework, UNIFi, allows employers to expand the capabilities of their core talent acquisition technology by integrating with the largest partner ecosystem in talent acquisition to help them attract, find, screen, and manage candidates. Offering scalable, easy-to-use solutions that are backed by award-winning customer service, iCIMS supports more than 3,200 contracted customers and is one of the largest and fastest-growing talent acquisition solution providers.
Who was the shooter?
hello
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, center, and other members of the Republican Congressional softball team, stand behind police tape of the scene of a multiple shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot.
Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas is placed into an ambulance at the scene of a shooting at a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Members of Congress were practicing for a game when a gunman started shooting.
James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside of the United States Post Office in Downtown Belleville in this file photo. Hodgkinson is part of the "99%" team drawing attention to the disproportionate amount of money and political power the top 1 percent of Americans have acquired. They have been identified as the gunman who attacked members of congress Wednesday. Photo courtesy of Bellville News Democrat / Derik Holtmann
One of the biggest questions coming out of the shooting in Virginia has been: who was James T. Hodgkinson?
Hodgkinson, 66, was named as the alleged shooter at the Congressional baseball practice Wednesday morning by law enforcement. President Donald Trump confirmed in a statement mid-morning that they died shortly after they were taken into custody.
But up until Wednesday morning, the shooter seemed to have led a fairly normal metro-east life.
The gunman was born in 1951 to Deloris and James J. Hodgkinson. They were one of three children and grew up in Belleville, graduating from Belleville West High School in 1968.
They joined the high school wrestling and track teams as a first-year student in 1965, according to the school yearbook. In their sophomore and junior years, yearbooks list them as a member of the varsity wrestling team at Belleville West.
No activities or clubs were listed in the shooter's senior yearbook.
While others of their family moved away, they settled in Belleville with their wife, Sue.
Beginning in 1969, they studied aviation at Belleville Area College, which later became Southwestern Illinois College. Then in the fall of 1971, they transferred to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, then only six years open in its current location. Hodgkinson took two classes in one term, according to SIUE spokesperson Doug McIlhagga, but did not complete a degree.
Five years later they opened JTH Construction, which they operated for nearly 20 years, according to their Facebook page. In 1994, JTH Construction became JTH Inspections, a home inspection and air quality testing service that they listed as closed in 2016.
Law enforcement officials have not said what they believe their motive may have been. The shooter's social media was marked by politics; they took part in a protest against income inequality at the Belleville Post Office in 2012 and often wrote letters to the Belleville News-Democrat in protest against conservative policies. They were a strong Bernie Sanders supporter and apparently volunteered for Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, and had repeatedly taken a Democratic ballot in recent elections.
In March, the gunman was warned to stop firing their gun at trees on their property after neighbor complaints. They had a valid Illinois Firearms Owner's Identification card at the time. In 2006, their shotgun was confiscated after a domestic fight between Hodgkinson, their daughter and two of their daughter's friends. The charges were later dismissed. They have had other minor charges, including a DUI and resisting arrest charge that was dismissed in 1993, for which they received court supervision.
According to news reports, Sue Hodgkinson has told reporters that Hodgkinson had been living in Alexandria, Va. for the past few months. There was no record of divorce filings in St. Clair County, however. Sue Hodgkinson's employer, a local accounting firm, declined to comment.
Their brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told the New York Times that James was unhappy about the election of President Trump and had gone to Washington D.C. to protest. However, they also said that while James was "engaged in politics," they otherwise led a normal life and had told their wife they would be returning home soon because they missed them and their dogs.
Instead, they are accused of opening fire on the baseball practice, injuring five people, including the House Republican whip.
Social media accounts for both James Hodgkinson and their wife were deluged with abusive comments ever since law enforcement named them as the shooter. Facebook has apparently taken down their accounts.
Anil Kapoor is one of the oldest players of Race 3 franchise and director Remo D'souza revealed the entry scene.
The actor who played inspector RD with a humorous take in the previous installments will be seen in an action avatar in Race 3.
ALSO READ: Life After Sridevi's Death! Daughter Janhvi Kapoor Opens Up Like Never Before In Them First Interview
The 61-year-old actor, who plays the role of a business tycoon Shamsher in the film will be introduced through a "high octane" action scene.
To add to it all, the blockbuster action scene we will see no body double because Anil Kapoor has decided to do the stunts themselves
Anil Kapoor's entry scene was initially planned to be on a comparatively smaller scale but after a discussion with the stunt directors, Remo decided to make it real big.
When asked Remo about it they said, "Though initially visualized on a small scale, we decided to make it larger than life. I designed the scene with the action directors (Tom Struthers and Anil Arsu). Anil sir refused to use a body double. They underwent training sessions in Abu Dabhi before we shot it."
The actor even underwent training sessions ahead of their stunts in the film.
Earlier there were several rumors that Anil is playing Salman's father in Race 3. However the actor had denied these reports and said, "I wish I was, that's not true. But as an actor I am even open to playing Amitabh Bachchan saab's father or Ranveer Singh's brother."
Remo D'Souza takes the Race franchise to an all-time high with action a notch higher and suspense that will leave you at the edge of your seats.
The trailer of Race 3 gave glimpses of never seen before action stunts in India proving to be a treat to the audience. The film boasts of high octane stunts proving to be a visual delight for fans across all quarters.
Marking the festive season of Eid, Race 3 proves to be a complete festive bonanza, with action, family drama, suspense, romance and promise of blockbuster songs.
Starring an ensemble cast of Salman Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Saqib Saleem and Daisy Shah, the action thriller is undoubtedly one of the most awaited films.
Produced by Salman Khan Films and Ramesh Taurani under the banner of Tips Films, Race 3 is directed by Remo D'souza and will hit theatrical screens on 15th June 2018.
ALSO READ: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan PUNISHED Abhishek Bachchan For Disliking Broccoli By Doing This!
Unsurprisingly for the former host of “The Apprentice,” President Trump has given us every variety of firing.
There have been necessary firings (at three weeks, the ouster of Michael Flynn was long overdue), cruel firings (Rex Tillerson, check out Twitter) and spectacularly ill-advised firings (the cashiering of James Comey that led directly to the hiring of Robert Mueller).
Now, with Trump frontally attacking the special counsel, there's speculation the president will deliver their worst firing yet.
Moving against Mueller would make the axing of Comey look like a shrewd play. It would likely fail to achieve its objectives and backfire politically, while — as far as we know at the moment — not even be necessary to try to cover up an alleged corrupt election bargain with the Russians.
At this juncture, the original justification for the special counsel probe, possible collusion with the Russians, appears to be fading over the horizon. Mueller hasn't charged anyone with crimes related to collusion, even figures who would presumably be central to any conspiracy, including Michael Flynn and Paul Manafort. Absent collusion, an obstruction case is likely to be attenuated — what was Trump's corrupt motive? — and not result in their impeachment and removal or criminal charges.
Even if Trump is dead set on ending the investigation, firing Mueller may not achieve it. The Office of Special Counsel doesn't simply vaporize without Mueller at its head.
Someone would take their place, unless Trump directly orders that the entire investigation to be terminated. Such a move would roil the Department of Justice more than just removing Mueller and almost certainly become the basis of impeachment charges if Democrats take the House in the fall.
And it would make that outcome more likely. Democrats already hate and fear Trump, the factor that has been driving Democratic turnout in special elections and threatens to swamp the GOP House majority in November. Shutting down a legitimately constituted investigation into their campaign and White House would make an insanely motivated (and often simply insane) opposition even more so.
If Trump doesn't like the press coverage of Mueller's investigation now, wait until they see the press coverage of their firing and whatever comes next. Mueller would supplant Comey as the sainted martyr of the Trump era. Any litigation over their firing would get wall-to-wall coverage. And whatever Mueller has learned would certainly make it into the hands of Congress and end up plastered in the nation's newspapers.
The timing doesn't make sense, either. Having spent a year cooperating with Mueller, why fire them now, when they might not be wrapping up, but has probably already done the lion's share of their work?
Moving at this point would only be rational if Trump fears some thermonuclear revelation that wouldn't be survivable. It's not clear what, in the current news and political environment, that would be. Everything is so perishable and Trump has such a strong hold on their party's base, they could presumably weather almost anything.
see also Mueller is here to stay — for now The White House said Monday that despite President Trump's “frustration”...
Back in the halcyon 1990s, Bill Clinton proved how quickly people can acclimate to an unthinkable scandal and how a political party will defend almost anything if it involves the fate of an elected president.
None of this is to say there aren't legitimate grounds for complaint about Mueller. They were supposed to be hunting down collusion with Russia and has instead been prosecuting violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act that normally don't result in criminal charges. There are legitimate questions about how the Russian investigation began and a second special counsel to examine the conduct of the FBI in 2016 may be in the offing. (The firing of FBI official Andrew McCabe on the advice of professionals at the bureau suggests more revelations to come.)
There is one surefire way to overshadow any of these questions and ensure a more portentous investigation, and that's to undertake the worst of all firings.
Twitter: @RichLowry
New law lets craft beer producers use removable lids
hello
A new state law backed by a suburban brewery allows craft beer producers to use packaged cans with removable lids.
Gov. Bruce Rauner recently signed the legislation introduced by State Rep. Peter Breen after calls by Noon Whistle Brewing in Lombard and other producers to sell their offerings in the cans.
The conventional pull-tab can leave a small opening in the lid. But the pull tab on the cans approved by the law peels back the entire lid. Craft beer drinkers can savor more of the aroma of the suds through the 360-degree opening.
Paul Kreiner, co-owner of Noon Whistle Brewing off Roosevelt Road, thanked Breen and State Sen. Chris Nybo for their sponsorship of the bill.
"We believe this style of packaging creates a more favorable experience for our consumers, and we are excited to get some of our hop forward beers in these cans," Kreiner said in a statement.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Drop the charges or proceed with the case? That's the decision Ramsey County District Court Judge William Leary will be tasked with Wednesday morning when oral arguments begin on the charges filed against 28-year-old St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez.
Yanez was charged with second-degree manslaughter and two felony counts of dangerous discharge of a weapon last November in the shooting death of Philando Castile.
In a court filing last week, defense attorneys for Yanez said they should not face charges. The memorandum claims Castile's gun was accessible and they reached for it during the traffic stop.
Prosecutors claim Yanez told them previously that they did not know where the gun was, but Yanez's attorneys believe that statement does not prove the gun didn't exist.
The document states Yanez saw Castile's gun. In their formal statement taken the day after the shooting, Yanez describes what the gun looked like, the caliber and the color, and the description matches the gun that fell from Castile's right pocket after they were shot.
Prosecutors say that's not what happened.
“Based upon the evidence, we believe that Castile never removed, nor tried to remove, their handgun from their front right pocket, which was a foot deep,” Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said when the charges were announced in November of last year.
The court hearing will begin at 9 a.m. on Wednesday in Ramsey County Court.
If convicted of second degree manslaughter, Yanez could spend up to 10 years in prison.
FLORIDA (CBS Local) – A woman in Florida has gone viral for all the wrong reasons after getting caught shaving their legs in a hotel pool.
In a video posted to Reddit, the swimmer was outed by fellow pool-goers who can be heard commenting on the public shaving. The May 27 post was quickly up-voted by over 55,000 Reddit users.
Several people commenting on Reddit claimed this personal hygiene foul is just the tip of the iceberg at public pools across the country. “Yeah I used to work at a public pool and for whatever reason they attract the worst of humanity. I would never swim in a public pool after that experience,” one person alleged.
“My leg hurts from running too much and I was considering becoming a swimmer at my local YMCA,” another reader added. “After reading this comment. Nope. I'd rather run on my sprained knee.”
Although the Internet's “court of public opinion” is largely in agreement that the unidentified swimmer committed a serious pool no-no, Florida doesn't actually have rules against shaving in a public swimming area.
Nationwide Reader Search For Five Fabulous Females Ages 20 to 60+ Presented by Estee Lauder and Saks Fifth Avenue; Each Finalist Will Receive $5,000; With One Grand Prize Winner Receiving $10,000; 2017 Marks the Magazine's 150th Anniversary
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Harper's BAZAAR today announced the launch of its seventh annual Fabulous at Every Age reader search (FAEA), presented once again in partnership with Estée Lauder and Saks Fifth Avenue. Together, they are sweeping the nation, searching for women ages 20 to 60+, who personify all things fabulous including style, beauty, and a passion for life.
For the third year in a row, women can enter the contest by posting a photo of themselves-or the woman they are nominating-on Instagram with the hashtag #FabAtEveryAgeContest, including their age and why they're fabulous in the caption, or by visiting FabAtEveryAge.com, a mobile-optimized website.
Harper's BAZAAR editors will select five finalists, each representing a decade between 20 and 60+, who will receive a $5,000 cash prize and be honored at a VIP awards celebration hosted by Editor-In-Chief Glenda Bailey in New York City at Le Bernardin Privé, where one grand-prize winner is announced and gifted an additional $5,000. Finalists will also take home two complete looks provided by A.L.C. from Saks Fifth Avenue, receive must-have products from Estée Lauder, and have their photographs appear in an upcoming 150th Anniversary collectors issue of Harper's BAZAAR, America's first fashion magazine.
"The Fabulous at Every Age contest with Estée Lauder and Saks Fifth Avenue is always a highlight of the year, and particularly exciting during BAZAAR's 150th anniversary celebration," said Alexandra Parnass, Beauty Director of Harper's BAZAAR. "It is a delight to celebrate our readers, unquestionably fabulous women who truly deserve the spotlight."
"We're thrilled to partner with Harper's BAZAAR for the seventh consecutive year of the Fabulous at Every Age reader search," said Lisa Sequino, Senior Vice President, General Manager, Estée Lauder, North America. "This unique partnership exemplifies our brand's tradition of empowering women to feel beautiful at every age."
"The Fabulous at Every Age reader search reminds us yet again that great style knows no age," said Kate Oldham, Senior Vice President and GMM of Beauty, Lingerie and Swim. "At Saks Fifth Avenue, we are thrilled to partner with Harper's BAZAAR and Estée Lauder in celebrating stylish women for the seventh year in a row."
Women are invited to stop by Estée Lauder counters at Saks Fifth Avenue locations nationwide for complimentary makeovers, beauty consultations, and information about the Fabulous at Every Age reader search. For a complete list of locations, event information, and the details on six special casting call events with appearances by Harper's BAZAAR editors, go to www.FabAtEveryAge.com.
The deadline for submissions is April 14, 2017; contest is open to women 20 years or older who are legal residents of the U.S., D.C., or Canada. Entrants via Instagram must have their Instagram set to "public." Void in Puerto Rico, Quebec, and where prohibited by law. For complete rules, visit www.FabAtEveryAge.com.
About Harper's BAZAAR
Sophisticated, elegant and provocative, Harper's BAZAAR (www.bazaar.com) is the style resource for women who are the first to buy the best, from casual to couture. With authority and insider insight, Harper's BAZAAR showcases the work of visionary stylists, expressive photographers and talented designers, covering what's new to what's next. Founded in 1867, America's first fashion magazine is available in 44 countries around the world. Harper's BAZAAR is published by Hearst Magazines, a unit of Hearst (www.hearst.com), one of the nation's largest diversified media and information companies. With 21 titles in the U.S., Hearst is the leading publisher of monthly magazines in terms of total paid circulation (AAM 2H 2014), reaching 78 million readers (Spring 2016 MRI/GfK at 79.5 million) and 54 million site visitors each month (comScore), with a social media following of 115.5 million. In addition, the company publishes close to 300 editions around the world. Follow Harper's BAZAAR on Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr, Instagram and Twitter.
About Estée Lauder
Estée Lauder (www.esteelauder.com) is the flagship brand of the Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Founded by Estée Lauder, the world's first female entrepreneur, the brand today continues their legacy of creating the most innovative, sophisticated, high-performance skincare and makeup products and iconic fragrances -- all infused with a deep understanding of women's needs and desires. Today Estée Lauder engages with women in over 150 countries around the world and at dozens of touch points -- both in-store to online. And each of these relationships consistently reflects Estée's powerful and authentic woman-to-woman point of view. Follow Estée Lauder on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
About Saks Fifth Avenue
Saks Fifth Avenue, one of the world's pre-eminent specialty retailers, is renowned for its superlative American and international designer collections, its expertly edited assortment of handbags, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics and gifts, and the first-rate fashion expertise and exemplary client service of its Associates. As part of the Hudson's Bay Company brand portfolio, Saks operates 41 full-line stores in 22 states and Canada, five international licensed stores and saks.com, the company's online store. For more information, kindly visit saks.com, Instagram.com/saks, Facebook.com/saks, Snapchat.com/saks_official, and Twitter.com/saks.
Old tweets have burned college athletes' draft stock in recent years.
Now the epidemic may have spread to the front office, where it could lead to the downfall of the top executive of one of the NBA's up-and-coming teams.
see also 76ers investigating 'serious' Twitter allegations against GM PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into...
76ers president and general manager Bryan Colangelo is under fire for allegedly leaking private medical information and trashing a few of their own players and other executives through burner accounts on Twitter
The news broke late Tuesday night in a story posted by The Ringer, and by Wednesday morning, the 76ers had announced they had launched an investigation into the claims.
“The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter,” the team said in a statement. “We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
The accounts have often thrown insults at 76ers star Joel Embiid and fellow first-round picks Markelle Fultz and Nerlens Noel; pleaded with the media to inquire about Jahlil Okafor failing a physical that ruined a potential trade, which had never been publicly reported; criticized head coach Brett Brown, former GM Sam Hinkie and Raptors president Masai Ujiri (Colangelo's successor in Toronto); and defended Colangelo through it all, even about details as petty as their collar size.
Embiid, who poked some fun at the report on Twitter and went back and liked some of the burner account's tweets about him, later said they didn't believe the story because “that would just be insane.”
“Someone's out to get me,” Conangelo told Yahoo Sports' Jordan Schultz. “This is clearly not me.”
More clues emerged Wednesday, with The Athletic reporting past tweets from one of the alleged burner accounts were sent out at the same time as Colangelo was holding a press conference on Feb. 11, 2017. A 76ers fan account, “Did the Sixers win?” also showed screen shots of a password recovery for one of the accounts, and the last two digits of the phone number linked to the account were the same as Colangelo's wife's number.
Colangelo confirmed that one of the Twitter accounts was theirs — using the handle @phila1234567 — but denied they had anything to do with the other four in question. Curiously, though, right after The Ringer contacted the 76ers to inquire about two of the Twitter accounts, the other three switched from public to private.
see also 76ers GM became the ultimate Twitter laughingstock On a night when a general manager was accused of...
There have not been any tweets sent from the account Colangelo confirmed was his, but the other four have been active at various times over the past two years since April 2016, when Colangelo was named president of basketball operations and GM of the 76ers.
“While I have never posted anything whatsoever on social media, I have used the @Phila1234567 Twitter account referenced in this story to monitor our industry and other current events,” Colangelo said in a statement to The Ringer. “This storyline is disturbing to me on many levels, as I am not familiar with any of the other accounts that have been brought to my attention, nor do I know who is behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
But the sentiments shared in many of the tweets from the burner accounts are consistent with Colangelo's private thinking, according to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, who tweeted, “Those tweets reflected not only private team biz, but launched personal beefs/jealousies/frustrations that he's shared inside and outside 76ers.”
All five of the accounts displayed a similar pattern of tweets, likes and follows. Users frequently followed by the burner accounts included 76ers players, front office members, beat reporters of the 76ers and Raptors (Colangelo spent seven years in Toronto as president/GM) and Canadian high school and University of Chicago basketball — where Colangelo's son Mattia played.
Colangelo's future with the 76ers may be dependent on the results of the team's investigation. Oddsmaker Bovada already has pinned their departure as the likeliest outcome, offering 1-3 odds that they won't be team president at the start of next season, as opposed to 2-1 odds that they will.
Putting all speculations to rest, lovebirds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma finally announced their wedding on Twitter just few hours ago.
Since then, the newly married couple have been breaking the internet with their wedding and mehendi pictures. And now we have some fresh pictures and video from 'Virushka's engagement ceremony. Check it out here...
Made For Each Other Virat looked dapper in a blue suit. On the other hand, Anushka chose a Sabyasachi dark maroon saree and made up for a stunning picture. Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya! In the video, Virat is seen proposing to lady-love Anushka Sharma and they say a BIG YES! They exchange rings and are seen sharing a cute moment. They Finally Said 'I Do' Today In Italy After dating for four years, the much-in-love couple finally solemnized their relationship today in a private ceremony in Italy. When Virat Bared Their Heart About Their Lady Love Recently when Virat appeared on Gaurav Kapur's show Breakfast With Champions, they had revealed, "Sir lady luck ka kamaal hai (It's the magic of Lady Luck). You've seen me; you know I had no brains before. Ever since the lady has come into my life, she's taught me a lot of things. I've learnt a lot, become more sensible in the last 4 years all because of them She's taught me how to be more patient and taught me how to utilise the position you are in to the fullest." On How Anushka Changed Their Lives "Luckily I have never tried to change myself over the years. But the flip has been because of them That period in England in 2014. Anushka was there in my life, they understood what I was going through so they kept me motivated. Them support helped me push through, however bad it was for me. They were a constant in that time... And then Australia happened (the tour in 2014-15 when Kohli scored four hundreds in four Tests) and I ended up scoring runs, in their presence. So it was a special thing for both of us because they also faced a lot of flak." Pyaar Kiya Toh Darna "A very big reason behind me not hiding my relationship is Mr. Zaheer Khan. Luckily they were one of the first guys I spoke to about this and they said whatever you do don't try to hide it because you'll stress yourself. And on top of that, you're in a relationship; you're not doing anything wrong. I'm actually very grateful that my first interaction about this was with Zak."
Meanwhile, check out this adorable video from their engagement party...
The couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pandora has reduced the prices of hundreds of products online and in store.
The jewellery store known for its collectible charm bracelets and charms has cut prices by as much as 70%.
Shoppers will be able to pick up some one off items from as little as £5 as part of the Spring sale, the retailer has announced.
(Image: Pandora)
The Outlet section over on the website features stand out products like the Cord Moments fabric bracelets currently just £19, Poetic Droplet Rings in pink and aqua for just £19 and a huge selection of charms for under £15 .
Visit the store HERE - and you can also make use of free delivery on orders over £75.
RED WING, Minn. (WCCO) — The next 48 hours will determine if the city of Red Wing can land $500,000 to help its small businesses.
The city is one of five in the nation competing to win the Small Business Revolution – Main Street contest, sponsored by Deluxe. It's one campaign where it's perfectly OK to vote early, and often.
On every storefront and down every street, it's campaign season once again.
“Every time I'm on my Facebook page I say ‘I've got to go vote,'” Cathy Schumacher said.
Supporters of the popular and scenic river town are voting in a nationwide ballot to bring home the bacon, $500,000 worth.
“It's intended to help revitalize your downtown,” said Campaign Organizer Megan Tsui.
For the second year, Deluxe Corporation is sponsoring the contest which attracted 14,000 applicants. Out of that, Red Wing was selected as one of five finalists. Deluxe will award the winning city with both money and small business support.
While the concept is to bolster small business, the winning city gets to split the proceeds two ways – spending it on marketing help and physical improvements.
“A half-million dollars will go to help small businesses get smart at marketing and business advice, but also to make some improvements to downtown,” Red Wing Mayor Sean Dowse said.
Those improvements could be used to give a facelift to a popular downtown oasis, Jordan Court.
So to encourage voting, public computers at the local library are helping out. Computer browsers lead directly to the voting web page. Individuals are only allowed to vote once a day on any one individual device or browser.
But with two days remaining in the contest voting, Red Wing still trails another competitor. The other cities in the running are Bristol Borough, Pa.; Georgetown, SC; Kingsburg, Calif. and North Adams, Mass.
“They're all coastal. We are the only city in fly-over country, the only Midwest town in the competition. So we really have to work hard to get the word out,” Tsui said.
It is a desperate final push to cash in, for the good of Red Wing's downtown commerce.
If you would like to help Red Wing's efforts, here is how you can vote.
RAYNE - A reminder was given and plans were announced Tuesday evening of the upcoming 2017 installation meeting of Arceneaux Post 77, American Legion slated Tuesday, July 11, at the Legion Home.
As announced by Commander David Guidry the sitting slate of officers will return for another term and will be installed during the meeting scheduled on July 11 due to the July 4th holiday.
Also to be included during the evening will be the installation of the new Auxiliary officers of Unit 77 and officers for the newly re-organized Sons of the Legion. The joint event will be hosted by the Auxiliares with start time slated for 7 p.m. at the Legion Home. Legionnaires will also invite guests and spouses.
Also to be included during the Installation Banquet is the awarding of the Law Enforcement Officer and four 50-year membership awards.
Discussion was heard of the annual Boys State Program which will include only one Rayne High student, Jordan McCrory. They have already received their registration packets for the summer event slated June 25-July 1 on the campus of Northwestern State University. Local sponsors are Post 77, Rayne Lions Club, Woodmen of the World and Bank of Commerce. Chairman Ray Olinger noted Post 77 will host the 7th District East orientation on Wednesday, June 14, between 5-7 p.m. prior to the trip.
The memorial report included the death of legionnaire Horace Foreman. Thanks were expressed to all who attended the funeral on behalf of Post 77. A thank-you card was received from the family of Gil Cormier of Post 77's funeral attendance.
Sick call included Cliff Owens, Andrus Fontenot, Robley Moroux and Gene Comeaux.
Ray Olinger gave the membership report as 173 or 89 percent of paid dues. New membership cards were received from the Department with members reminded to get an early start for the coming year.
A reminder was given for the 2017 Annual Department Convention (formerly Summer Conference) slated June 8-11 at the Best Western in Alexandria. Delegates were named who will vote on behalf of Post 77.
Post 77 hosted the 2017 annual Memorial Day program on Sunday, May 28, at 10:30 a.m. Special guests included family members of veterans who have passed away during the past year, in addition to Gold Star family members. Chairman Olinger also thanked all legionnaires who attended and volunteered their time and assistance for the Legion program, in addition to the local Woodmen of the World who provided refreshments.
The 2017 spring fundraiser, a pork jambalaya dinner, was held Sunday, May 21, with thanks expressed to all who helped in any way. Proceeds will benefit the programs Post 77 provides for the community and schools.
Commander Simon reported of the recent weekend musical entertainment held at the Legion Home including a well-attended Richard LeBouef show last weekend.
They also gave a report on the Legin awards presented during end of the school year awards programs, including: Rayne High senior scholarship, along with eighth grade awards to a boy and girl at Armstrng Middle, Rayne Catholic, Mire Elem. and Branch Elem. They also thanked the Legionnaires for making the many school presentations.
Also noted during the evening was the 73rd anniversary date of D-Day. The World War II event included the Normandy landings (code-named Operation Neptune) on Tuesday, June 6, 1944 (termed D-Day) of the Allied invasion of Normandy in Operation Overlord during World War II. The largest seaborne invasion in history, the operation began the liberation of German-occupied northwestern Europe from Nazi control, and contributed to the Allied victory on the Western Front.
With no further business to come before the Post, the meeting was concluded with a delicious meal
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Grilling and celebrating the Fourth of July just seem to go together.
But before you fire up the grill keep this in mind, health experts say they see more cases of food poisoning over the summer.
“Because of hot, humid temperatures and because folks are often away from the kitchen at picnics and cookouts, food-borne illness may actually increase,” said Chris Bernstein with the USDA.
Harmful bacteria can actually multiply more quickly when it's hot outside. The USDA says to stay safe, clean your hands before prepping food, keep raw food separate from cooked food, cook everything to a safe internal temperature and chill food promptly and properly.
Whether you're grilling in the backyard or barbecuing in a professional smoker, experts say a food thermometer is the best way to make sure everything is cooked thoroughly. Yet only a third of Americans use one.
“You actually can't tell by looking at it if it's reached a safe internal temperature,” said Berstein. “And that magic number is really the only way to be sure that you've killed any bacteria that might be present.”
The USDA says that anything perishable should usually not sit out at room temperature for more than two hours. But in temps over 90-degrees, nothing should be left out for more than an hour.
And don't rely on the sniff test to check if something is good because experts say odor alone is not a reliable indicator if a food will make you sick. Foodborne illness, like salmonella and E-coli, is caused by bacteria that doesn't have any smell to it.
Doyle plays down heroics 14 June 2017
Carlow players celebrate after their Christy Ring Cup final victory over Antrim at Croke Park.
©INPHO/Donall Farmer. Carlow players celebrate after their Christy Ring Cup final victory over Antrim at Croke Park.©INPHO/Donall Farmer.
Four-goal hero James Doyle has played down their exploits in the Christy Ring Cup final.
In total, Doyle scored 4-01 as Carlow defeated Antrim in the second tier All-Ireland SHC final at Croke Park.
Not many of the game's top forwards cam claim a quadruple of goals in an All-Ireland final, but Doyle was keen to pass the praise on to their teammates when speaking to the Carlow Nationalist.
“The boys put them on a plate for me. I would have been gutted if I had missed them. Thankfully I got them, but the boys were outstanding,” stressed Doyle.
Carlow now advance to the All-Ireland SHC qualifiers where they face Laois in a preliminary round in O'Moore Park on Sunday, June 25th.
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). From left to right: FC Barcelona's Gerard Pique, Luis Suarez, Neymar, and Lionel Messi attend a training session at the Sports Center FC Barcelona Joan Gamper in Sant Joan Despi, Spain, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. FC Barcelona w...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi put on their bib during a training session at the Sports Center FC Barcelona Joan Gamper in Sant Joan Despi, Spain, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. FC Barcelona will play against Juventus in a Champions Lea...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). FC Barcelona's goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen saves a ball during a training session at the Sports Center FC Barcelona Joan Gamper in Sant Joan Despi, Spain, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. FC Barcelona will play against Juventus...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi put on their bib during a training session at the Sports Center FC Barcelona Joan Gamper in Sant Joan Despi, Spain, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. FC Barcelona will play against Juventus in a Champions Lea...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi looks on during a training session at the Sports Center FC Barcelona Joan Gamper in Sant Joan Despi, Spain, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. FC Barcelona will play against Juventus in a Champions League qu...
By TALES AZZONIAP Sports Writer
MADRID (AP) - Things have changed since Barcelona's historic comeback against Paris Saint-Germain in the last round of the Champions League.
When Barcelona routed PSG 6-1 to reverse a 4-0 first-leg deficit in the last 16, its confidence was high from winning four games in a row and outscoring opponents 15-3 before that second leg against PSG.
This time, it has to overcome a 3-0 first-leg loss against Juventus in the quarterfinals on Wednesday. But without the boost of a winning streak. Barcelona has lost three of its seven games since that spectacular victory over PSG at the Camp Nou.
From leading the Spanish league by one point before beating PSG, Barcelona has dropped to second, three points behind, and hasn't been playing well.
It lost at Malaga 2-0 before the defeat to Juventus in Turin, and had to claw its way past Real Sociedad 3-2 at the weekend.
While it's struggling somewhat, Barcelona believes it can repeat history.
"Every game in the Champions League is difficult," said Neymar, who led Barcelona with two goals and two assists in the historic win over PSG last month.
"But we are the same team and we can repeat that. We have to give everything we have. We believe that we can come back again."
A contribution from Lionel Messi would be helpful, too. He's scored a pair in three of their last five games. They netted twice each against Valencia, Sevilla, and Real Sociedad, but failed to score in the losses to Malaga and Juventus.
Juventus pays no mind to Messi's middling form.
"These guys are like sharks," Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini said of Messi and Co. "If you show a sign of nerves, they smell the blood and finish you off.
"Instead, you have to push them back as far as you can, double up when they are in possession and shut down the lines between defense and midfield."
If Messi scores twice against Juventus, they will reach their 500th goal in official matches with Barcelona. They would be the first player to reach that mark with the club.
Messi has played 575 games since making their debut for Barcelona in 2004.
Barcelona is trying to return to the Champions League semifinals for the first time since beating Juventus in the 2015 final to win its fifth title.
Juventus, looking for its third Champions League title, is coming off three straight victories. It has lost only one of its last 19 matches, winning 16 of them, and leads Serie A.
It remains unclear if Juventus will be able to count on forward Paulo Dybala, who scored twice in the first leg. Dybalal hurt their ankle at the weekend in the 2-0 win at Pescara.
Barcelona will have back midfielder Sergio Busquets after they missed the first leg because of a suspension.
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Danny Cox
The AFC Championship Game was almost two weeks ago, and the New England Patriots suffered a small handful of injuries during that contest that seemed quite concerning. With that much time between the conclusion of that game and Super Bowl LII, the hope was that most of the injuries would heal up and that the majority of the roster would be in playing shape to face the Philadelphia Eagles.
Little did anyone expect for the New England Patriots to have a Super Bowl injury report without a single player listed.
That's right. For the first time all season, the Pats have not a single person listed on their injury report as late on Friday afternoon; they've removed every single player. Earlier in the week, there were a handful of names on it and some who were dealing with some rather serious issues, but everything seems to have been cleared up.
Earlier in the week, the Patriots had four players listed on the injury report and all of them have healed up in the exact same timeframe. They were limited in practice on Wednesday, practiced in full for the first time on Thursday, and were completely removed from the list as of Friday.
The biggest name was obviously that of tight end Rob Gronkowski, who suffered a concussion after taking a very hard hit to the helmet against the Jacksonville Jaguars. On Tuesday, Gronk said that they were feeling much better and they expected to be cleared and removed from the NFL's concussion protocol at any moment, but Wednesday came and went without change.
This brought about a bit of concern as the Super Bowl was drawing ever closer and the Patriots knew that playing without Gronk was becoming a bigger possibility. On Thursday, though, the star tight end was cleared and participated fully in Thursday's practice.
One of the other big worries of New England coaches was cornerback Malcolm Butler, who was battling an illness that came with flu-like symptoms. It was actually quite serious and they did not fly out to Minnesota with their teammates on Monday, as they didn't want to get any of them sick. They stayed behind in Massachusetts and went to the hospital a number of times, but they were never admitted overnight. By Wednesday, Butler was practicing in a limited capacity and ready to go full-speed on Thursday.
Defensive back Brandon King (knee) and defensive lineman Deatrich Wise (concussion) were the other two players on the injury report at the beginning of the week, but they also improved enough to practice fully on Thursday. On Friday, they were practicing at full-speed once again and removed from the injury report.
It is quite unheard of for an NFL team to have an empty injury report at any point in a season, and that includes Week 1. Still, here are the New England Patriots with a clean slate and a totally healthy team as they prepare to face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday.
Out:
None
Doubtful
None
Questionable
None
Probable
Humansdorp man killed in horror crash on the N2
Humansdorp man killed in horror crash on the N2
Humansdorp man killed in horror crash on the N2
The police in Humansdorp are investigating a case of culpable homicide after a car accident that occurred about 18:00 yesterday, 13 August 2017 on the N2, 10km outside Humansdorp.
It is alleged that three vehicles collided, fatally injuring a 50 year old male.
Nine injured people were taken to the Humansdorp Hospital for medical treatment.
Police investigations are continuing.
The name of the victim will be released after their next-of-kin has been notified.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli married in Italy, yesterday (December 11). A statement released on behalf of the actor said that they got married according to Hindu rites.
Ever since 'Virushka' as fans lovingly call them made their wedding announcement on Twitter, not just their fans and Bollywood stars, even television celebrities, took to social media to shower wishes on their special day.
Kapil Sharma "प्रिय @imVkohli और @AnushkaSharma आपको अपनी ज़िन्दगी की नयीं पारी की शुरुआत के मौक़े पर ढेर सारी शुभ कामनाएँ. ईश्वर आपको हमेशा ख़ुश रखे 🙏" Arjun Bijlani‏ "Congratulations @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma .may these smiles last forever.#ViratWedsAnushka." Karan Patel‏ "Congratulations .... #Virushka ... @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma may this new journey of your lives be filled with nothing but endless moments of joy .... god bless ..!" Kishwer Merchant "Had to just had to post this pic ❤️ Wishing my favourite couple a very happy married life ❤️ This is love ❤️ what a beautiful moment .. won't be able to get over this pic for a long long time ❤️." Suyyash Rai "Kehte hain khuda ne is jahaan mei sabhi ke liye kisi na kisi ko hai banaya har kisi ke liye ❤💓 Congratulations love birds ❤💓 may they be like this ALWAYS 😘 @virat.kohli @anushkasharma." Raqesh Vasisth Picture perfect!!! Congratulations Beautiful ppl❤️🎉 @AnushkaSharma @imVkohli Ridhi Dogra‏ "Couldn't have said it better! Big love to them and for the world they'll create together ♥️" Maniesh Paul‏ "Congrats @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli ...wish u both loads happiness 🤗" Priyanka Kandwal "Congratulations to this beautiful couple #virushka they look 👀 most beautiful in their wedding. @anushkasharma @virat.kohli." Mona Lisa "Congratulations ❤️ to the most beautiful couple 💗" Bandgi Kalra "Now what can be better than this !! Congratulations to @virat.kohli and @anushkasharma ❤️" Nikita Sharma "Bounded with love ❤️ ...congratulations guys...may your marriage blessed with happiness and love...my favourite couple ❤️ @anushkasharma @virat.kohli #couplegoals ❤️👩❤️👩 VIRUSHKA ❤️ JUST MARRIED ❤️" Fenil Umrigar "A complete man with an Angel ! How much i love this picture❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️" Vrushika Mehta‏ "#VirushkaWedding has finally happened. Wishing this stunning pair a blockbuster life full of centuries ! @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma ❤️" Raj Nayak‏ "Congratulations Virat & @AnushkaSharma !!! Wishing you many many years so of love and happiness. 🥂🎈💕" Mallika Dua‏ "MY HORMONES ARE ALL OVER THE PLACE. 😭😭😭😭😭😭 so cute."
Bigg Boss 11 UNSEEN: Puneesh & Luv Bond; Hina SHOCKED To Know Luv Has Gun Licence!
MACGREGOR, Man. — The Canadian Cattlemen's Association has produced a video explaining the environmental impact of Canada's beef industry.
The video, available on YouTube and a longer version on the Beef Cattle Research Council website, features images of cattle on green pastures and ranchers on horseback with mountains in the background.
Producers and scientists appear in the three-minute video and talk about the importance of land flight attendantship.
Kelly Hall, an Alberta rancher, delivered a memorable line in the video, released this fall.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Healthy food is raised on healthy land,” they said. “This is where good food is raised.”
But there's one problem: hardly anyone has seen it. As of Dec. 11, it had 1,625 views on YouTube.
So far, the Canadian Cattlemen's Association has no plans to air a shorter version on national TV in attempts to reach more viewers.
“Marketing campaigns, especially spots on TV, they're really expensive…. We're trying to share it as much as we can,” said Tom Lynch-Staunton, manager of public and stakeholder engagement with the CCA.
Lynch-Staunton showed the video at a cattle producer meeting held the first week of December in MacGregor, Man.
The cattle industry is exploring how it can offer alternative messages to the one often portrayed by urban media outlets. Many urban outlets report on the environmental sins of cattle production, including claims that the industry emits 10 to 20 percent of Canada's greenhouse gas emissions.
ADVERTISEMENT
Canada's beef sector is pushing back with research that shows beef production represents 3.6 percent of the nation's entire emissions. As well, University of Manitoba research has shown that the beef industry emitted 15 percent fewer greenhouse gases in 2011, per kilogram of beef, than it did in 1981.
Unfortunately such data doesn't always change minds.
“It's important that we understand that there's more than facts that drives buying (habits),” said Martin Unrau, a producer from MacGregor and former CCA president. “While science is extremely important we also have to… put that bright face on the cattle industry…. As an industry we do a lot of things that are very positive for the environment. We need to bring that out.”
Unrau said more should be done to promote messages like those conveyed in the video.
“If we just put these (videos) on YouTube or on the Cattlemen's sites, you're really preaching to the converted people,” Unrau said. “We do have to expand that and make sure we get that message out for consumers as a whole.”
The beef sector has tried creative communication strategies, such as partnering with the Canadian Football League to introduce and honour farmers and ranchers who raise cattle.
ADVERTISEMENT
The beef trade needs more of that kind of promotion, Unrau said.
“I think we're getting our feet wet. But I think we as an industry… we have to do those things to ensure that consumers understand the benefits we (provide) to society.”
Contact robert.arnason@producer.com
By Music News Group
Art Streiber/NBCThe Celebrity Apprentice returns for its eighth season Monday night on NBC, with “The Governator” Arnold Schwarzenegger presiding over the boardroom, which has moved from New York City to Los Angeles. Among the 16 new celebrity contestants are Mötley Crüe‘s Vince Neil and Culture Club‘s Boy George.
Neil reveals that they were first asked to do Celebrity Apprentice last year, but wasn't able to because they were touring with Mötley Crüe. Once they became available, they jumped at the chance.
“I own several businesses, and I like to watch the show and try to put myself into [it],” the rocker. “Like, ‘What would I do?'…Oh, you're doing it wrong. Ah, they should do this,' you know? It's just a fun show to kind of try your business savvy.”
Boy George also says they were happy to accept when they were invited to be a Celebrity Apprentice contestant, particularly because of the show's new host, who is taking over for President-elect Donald Trump.
“This opportunity came up and it was like, ‘OK, Boy George and Arnold Schwarzenegger, that sounds like Batman and Robin,'” George notes. “So, I just thought, ‘I gotta do it.'”
This season's other contestants include Wilson Phillips‘ Carnie Wilson; boxer Laila Ali, daughter of Muhammad Ali; TV personality Brooke Burke-Charvet; former pro football players Eric Dickerson and Ricky Williams; American Ninja Warrior host Matt Iseman; The Morning Buzz Live host Carrie Keagan; one-time Queer Eye for the Straight Guy star Carson Kressley; basketball star Lisa Leslie; comedian Jon Lovitz; reality TV star Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi; The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills‘ Kyle Richards; UFC fighter Chael Sonnen and former Real Housewives of Atlanta star Porsha Williams.
The New Celebrity Apprentice premieres Monday at 8 p.m. ET.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
There will be no bombs bursting in air on the Fourth of July across some drought-stricken parts of the nation, but residents will still get a buzz — when drones replace fireworks.
With massive wildfires burning out of control in the West, several communities are turning to the illuminated aircraft to elicit the “oohs” and “ahhs” while avoiding the danger of sparking more blazes.
Towns in California, Colorado and Arizona turned to the safer alternative after witnessing the impressive drone shows like the one Intel prepared at the Winter Olympics, USA Today reported.
In Colorado, the Aspen Chamber Resort Association didn't even request a fireworks permit this year because of the likelihood it would be denied due to the arid conditions.
Instead, it's swapping out the traditional firework for a drone show by the Great Lakes Drone Co., which will use 50 of the aerial vehicles choreographed to a medley of patriotic tunes.
“We had to come up with a highlight for our celebrations so we're doing a drone show. It should be fun, a bit of new age,” chamber spokesperson Melissa Wisenbaker said, according to the Guardian.
“If we are having these increased fire dangers and risks every year, then we would like to have alternatives so people can end the night on a good note,” they added.
Wisenbaker said city officials knew residents would be disappointed not to have fireworks — even sparklers are banned — but that “people understand.”
Besides, not everyone will miss the fireworks blasts.
“Our cats and dogs will be super happy,” said Wisenbaker, adding that foxes, deer, bears and other wildlife are scared by fireworks.
In Arizona, the mayor of Carefree also said they liked the alternative to the rockets' red glare.
“Well, they described it and they sent us a video and we said, ‘Let's do it,'” Mayor Les Peterson told CBS News.
In Cave Creek, Ariz., Detroit-based Firefly Drone Shows will put on two shows, said Rianna Riego, chief brand officer at the resort of Cirvana Carefree, USA Today reported.
And in Flagstaff, an event organizer said planners tried to get a laser show instead of fireworks but companies were all booked up — including for a laser display planned for the Grand Canyon.
In California, fire officials are happy to see the shift toward drones.
From a fire safety perspective, it's “definitely worth it to use a drone over live fireworks,” said Lynne Tolmachoff, spokesperson for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
“The drones are choreographed and programmed to ensure they don't fall across power lines,” they said. “We're starting to see them in bigger cities and areas that have the money to do the shows.”
Despite their allure, drone shows do have their skeptics — namely in the group that represents fireworks suppliers and manufacturers.
Fireworks are a multi-sensory experience with sounds and colors and a thunderous finale, said Julie Heckman, executive director at the American Pyrotechnics Association.
Drone shows, on the other hand, mostly feature a low buzzing, akin to a swarm of bumblebees, they told USA Today.
“I don't think a drone display is going to make people ‘ooh' and ‘ahh,'” Heckman said. “There's a real thrill in being able to light your own fireworks.”
Bravo officially cancels 'Blood, Sweat & Heels' Beloved but bad-luck-stricken Bravo reality show “Blood, Sweat & Heels” will not return to the air, Page Six has learned.
'Blood, Sweat & Heels' star Daisy Lewellyn dies The reality star and author had been battling a rare form of liver cancer.
'Heels' yeah! Chantelle Fraser shakes it up on Bravo Don't expect “Blood, Sweat and Heels” to fall into a sophomore slump when it returns to Bravo Sunday night. The reality series, which chronicles the lives of Manhattan's feistiest go-getters,...
A FORMER soldier became abusive with a taxi driver, calling them a foreigner and accusing them of taking jobs.
Colin Fenton, 51, had denied a racially aggravated public order offence following the incident in Broughton in July but was convicted in their absence at an earlier hearing.
Yesterday they appeared on warrant at Flintshire Magistrates Court and ended up with a £500 court bill. They were fined £150 with £280 costs and a £40 surcharge.
Fenton, formerly of Western Avenue in Blacon, Chester and now living in Cumbria, was also fined £30 for failing to answer their bail on an earlier occasion, which they admitted.
“I really am sorry. I am not a racist. I will apologise to the individual,” Fenton told the Mold court.
John Wylde, prosecuting, said on June 9 Fenton and others, who had been celebrating the birth of a child, ordered the taxi to take them to a Blacon address but Fenton also asked to be taken a different way.
They told the taxi driver they had served their country but since being out of the Army had been homeless.
Mr Wylde said Fenton became threatening without warning, called the driver a foreigner and said they were taking their work. They asked them more than once to pull up so they could kill him.
The driver had the presence of mind to record their comments on their mobile phone.
But when the journey ended Fenton thanked the driver and even gave them a tip.
Interviewed, when the recording was played to him, Fenton apologised and accepted it was their voice.
They said they were sorry, it was out of character and they were not a racist although they accepted that the language used was racist in nature.
Fenton, now studying for a degree, said they were on medication and took alcohol for the first time in eight years. They had been out celebrating the birth of “a miracle baby”.
Fenton told the court they had nothing against the taxi driver.
When they were discussing the journey “everything came back to me”.
It was not aimed at them personally and they would not have harmed him.
Following an accident in the army they were nervous when other people drove. They should not have said what they did but they could not stop themselves at the time.
Fenton said they were getting their life together, had received a lot of therapy and was hoping one day to open a therapy unit themselves to help others.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
MARKHAM, ON--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Extendicare Inc. ("Extendicare" or the "Company") (TSX: EXE) announced that it has declared a cash dividend of C$0.04 per common share of the Company (the "Common Share") for the month of February 2017, which is payable on March 15, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28, 2017. This dividend is designated as an "eligible dividend" within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada).
Extendicare has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "DRIP"), which provides Canadian resident holders of Common Shares with the opportunity to increase their respective investments at a 3% discount to the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately preceding the dividend payment date. A copy of the DRIP package is available under the investors section of Extendicare's website.
ABOUT EXTENDICARE
Extendicare is a leading provider of care and services for seniors throughout Canada. Through our network of 119 operated senior care and living centres (64 owned/55 managed), as well as our home health care operations, we are committed to delivering care throughout the health care continuum to meet the needs of a growing seniors' population in Canada. Our qualified and highly trained workforce of 23,800 individuals is dedicated to helping people live better through a commitment to quality service and a passion for what we do.
Forward-looking Statements
Information provided by Extendicare from time to time, including this release, contains or may contain forward-looking statements concerning anticipated financial events, results, circumstances, economic performance or expectations with respect to Extendicare and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, statements regarding its business operations, business strategy, and financial condition. Forward-looking statements can be identified because they generally contain the words "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "objective", "plan", "project", "will" or other similar expressions or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements reflect management's beliefs and assumptions and are based on information currently available, and Extendicare assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable securities laws. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of Extendicare to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on Extendicare's forward-looking statements. Further information can be found in the disclosure documents filed by Extendicare with the securities regulatory authorities, available at www.sedar.com and on Extendicare's website at www.extendicare.com.
Wynn Resorts announced that Steve Wynn is selling their remaining shares in the company.
Wynn Resorts announced that Steve Wynn is selling their remaining shares in the company.
A special committee formed to investigate allegations against Steve Wynn opened a public email to receive tips regarding the investigation.
A special committee formed to investigate allegations against Steve Wynn opened a public email to receive tips regarding the investigation.
A day after Elaine Wynn, the largest shareholder of Wynn Resorts sent a letter asking for changes to restore the company's reputation, the company announced it appointed three new "independent directors."
A day after Elaine Wynn, the largest shareholder of Wynn Resorts sent a letter asking for changes to restore the company's reputation, the company announced it appointed three new "independent directors."
Elaine Wynn took the stand on Wednesday morning to testify against their ex-husband, Steve Wynn.
Elaine Wynn took the stand on Wednesday morning to testify against their ex-husband, Steve Wynn.
Steve Wynn has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Jorgen Nielsen, who previously worked at the Wynn hotel in Las Vegas.
Steve Wynn has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Jorgen Nielsen, who previously worked at the Wynn hotel in Las Vegas.
The chairperson of the internal committee of Wynn Resorts looking into the sexual misconduct allegations leveled against the casino operator's founder says more than 100 people have been interviewed in the investigation.
Pat Mulroy on Wednesday told shareholders gathered in Las Vegas for the company's annual meeting that the committee has also reviewed three million documents.
Company founder Steve Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO in February after the Wall Street Journal reported that several women said they harassed or assaulted them and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement. They deny the allegations.
No shareholders asked questions about the investigation.
Mulroy says the committee is also looking at policies and procedures hoping to create structures to prevent and avoid "future discrimination or harassment" at the company.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Mid and East Antrim Borough Council has agreed to be the principal sponsor for the 2018 Ballymena Business Excellence Awards.
The awards are organised annually by Ballymena Area Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
Announcing the sponsorship deal, Robin Cherry MBE, Chamber President said: “I am delighted to announce that Mid and East Antrim Borough Council will be the principal sponsor for the 2018 Business Awards.
“We've seen growth in interest, attendance and applications for the awards every year since we started, with last year almost 450 people attending the Gala evening. It's always great to see the mix of businesses at the awards, representing sectors from retail to manufacturing to services. And it allows Ballymena to showcase the best businesses and practices to outside bodies perhaps looking to locate new businesses.
“I'm glad to say that Chamber has an excellent working relationship with Mid and East Antrim Borough Council and I look forward to this business focused approach continuing in the future.”
The Mayor of Mid and East Antrim Borough, Councillor Paul Reid said: “These annual awards are an excellent showcase for some of the very best examples of successful businesses operating in Ballymena who contribute positively to the growth of the economy in Mid and East Antrim.
“I am very pleased that Council is continuing to work with Ballymena Area Chamber of Commerce and Industry as principal sponsor to recognise the achievement and success of local enterprise and in so doing positioning Ballymena and Mid and East Antrim as a place to do business, an area to further grow and prosper with great opportunities and sound business ethos and where there is already a strong retail base that includes third and fourth generation businesses.”
Tom Wiggins, Chamber Business Development Manager added: “Planning is already well under way for this year's Awards. Once again Chamber will be employing Insight Mystery Shopping to carry out the judging and the Tullyglass House Hotel, an excellent facility we are fortunate to have in Ballymena, will again be hosting the Gala Evening.
“The date for this year's award ceremony is Thursday, October 18 which may seem a long way off but it will soon come round so put this date in your diary now. I am confident that this will be another brilliant evening.”
For further information about the Business Awards, please contact Tom Wiggins by emailing office@ballymenachamber.co.uk
There are three basic ways to win wars according to the great Carl. One, you can trounce the enemy's armed forces and dictate whatever terms you please. Short of that, two, you can levy a heavier price from the enemy than he's willing to pay to achieve their goals. The value a belligerent assigns their political objectives determines how many resources he's prepared to expend on those objectives' behalf, and for how long. Taking measures that compel an opponent to expend more lives, armaments, or treasure is one way to raise the price. Dragging out the affair so that they pay heavy costs over time is another. And three, you can dishearten him, persuading them he's unlikely to fulfill their war aims.
Let's face it. Imperial Japan stood next to no chance of winning a fight to the finish against the United States. Resolve and resources explain why. So long as Americans kept their dander up, demanding that their leaders press on to complete victory, Washington had a mandate to convert the republic's immense industrial potential into a virtually unstoppable armada of ships, aircraft, and armaments. Such a physical mismatch was simply too much for island state Japan -- with an economy about one-tenth the size of America's -- to surmount.
Quantity has a quality all its own. No amount of willpower or martial virtuosity can overcome too lopsided a disparity in numbers. Tokyo stared that plight in the face following Pearl Harbor.
So Japan could never have crushed U.S. maritime forces in the Pacific and imposed terms on Washington. That doesn't mean it couldn't have won World War II. Sounds counterintuitive, doesn't it? But the weak sometimes win. As strategic sage Carl von Clausewitz recounts, history furnishes numerous instances when the weak got their way. Indeed, Clausewitz notes that it sometimes makes sense for the lesser contender to start a fight. If its leadership sees force as the only resort, and if the trendlines look unfavorable -- in other words, if right now is as good as it gets -- then why not act?
There are three basic ways to win wars according to the great Carl. One, you can trounce the enemy's armed forces and dictate whatever terms you please. Short of that, two, you can levy a heavier price from the enemy than he's willing to pay to achieve their goals. The value a belligerent assigns their political objectives determines how many resources he's prepared to expend on those objectives' behalf, and for how long. Taking measures that compel an opponent to expend more lives, armaments, or treasure is one way to raise the price. Dragging out the affair so that they pay heavy costs over time is another. And three, you can dishearten him, persuading them he's unlikely to fulfill their war aims.
A disconsolate adversary, or one who balks at the costs of war, is a pliant adversary. They cut the best deal they can to exit the imbroglio.
If a military triumph lay beyond Tokyo's reach, the second two methods remained available in the Pacific. Japanese commanders could have husbanded resources, narrowing the force mismatch between the warring sides. They could have made the conflict more costly, painful, and prolonged for America, undercutting its resolve. Or, alternatively, they could have avoided rousing American fury to wage total war in the first place. By foregoing a strike at Hawaii, they could have enfeebled the opponent's resolve or, perhaps, sidelined the opponent entirely.
Bottom line, no likely masterstroke -- no single stratagem or killing blow -- would have defeated the United States. Rather, Japanese commanders should have thought and acted less tactically and more strategically. In so doing they would have improved Japan's chances.
Which brings us to Five Ways Japan Could Have Won. Now, the items catalogued below are far from mutually exclusive. The Japanese leadership would have boosted its prospects had it embraced them all. And granted, enacting some of these measures would have demanded preternaturally farseeing leadership. Foresight was a virtue of which Japan's vacillating emperor and squabbling military rulers were woefully short. Whether it was plausible for them to act wisely is open to debate. With these caveats out of the way, onward!
- Wage one war at a time. Conserving enemies is a must even for the strongest combatants. It's imperative for small states with big ambitions to avoid making war against everyone in sight. Imposing discipline on the war was particularly hard for Japan, whose political system -- patterned on Imperial Germany's, alas -- was stovepiped between the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy (IJA and IJN), with no meaningful civilian political oversight. Absent a strong emperor, the army and navy were free to indulge their interservice one-upsmanship, jostling for influence and prestige. The IJA cast its gaze on continental Asia, where a land campaign in Manchuria, then China proper, beckoned. The IJN pushed for a maritime campaign aimed at resources in Southeast Asia. By yielding to these contrary impulses between 1931 and 1941, Japan in effect surrounded itself with enemies of its own accord -- invading Manchuria and China before lashing out at the imperial powers in Southeast Asia and, ultimately, striking at Pearl Harbor. Any tactician worth their salt will tell you a 360-degree threat axis -- threats all around -- makes for perilous times. Tokyo should have set priorities. It might have accomplished some of its goals had it taken things in sequence.
Pages
It is known to all that the new season of the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati has got its time slot i.e., 9 pm. The game show will be aired for an hour during weekdays. So, the programmes previous slotted at 9-10 pm will undergo changes.
We had earlier reported that Beyhadh, being a finite series, will soon go off air, while Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi (which airs at 9.30 pm) might be shifted to another time slot to accommodate KBC. But, due to a last minute creative decision, the channel has decided to pull the plug on KRPKAB, while Beyahdh gets an extension!
Why Beyhadh Gets An Extension? A source was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "The programming team decided that Beyhadh had the potential to carry on the story for a couple of months more." Why KRPKAB Is Going Off Air? "And they want to cash on to the new twists that the creatives have planned for Beyhadh. As for Kuch Rang, it had a fruitful run and it only seemed feasable to end it." Kushal Tandon Confirms The Report Kushal took to social media to confirm that the show has been extended on public demand. Beyhadh will be getting a new timeslot, i.e., 10 pm on weekdays. Kushal Tweets… They tweeted, "As the show was goin off air this month end , on public demand d show is on til Oct.from 28aug instead of 9 show will be on at 10.after kbc." Erica Fernandes Meanwhile, Erica Fernandes confirmed that the show is going off air. They added that the show's producer broke the news to the team on August 11, 2017. The team will be shooting their final episode on August 25. Erica Wrote… They shared an emotional message on their social networking account, "All good things must come to a new beginning ! So ..Here we are .. shooting our last few days for a show that was a breath of fresh air , which was so relatable and that not only made our entire unit one big family but also helped us in making a special connection with you guys." KRPKAB Will Be Remembered For Uniqueness! "Apart from my wonderful team i would like to thank each and everyone of you who made this show so special. And may this show always be remembered for this uniqueness. #krpkab." Shaheer Sheikh too, took to Twitter, "How much i m gonna miss dev and the bond I share with everyone on the sets of #KRPKAB."
Are you happy with Sony's decision? Share your views in the comment box below...
TROY — Ahead of the 42nd Annual Strawberry Festival, hundreds of interchanging volunteers are working hard to prepare one of the event's most iconic confections — strawberry donuts.
The donuts have become a tradition nearly as long-standing as the festival itself, regularly fried and sold at Troy Memorial Stadium by the Troy Music Boosters since 1980. Kathy McIntosh, who has directed band at Troy High School for 20 years, has helped orchestrate the donut fry and sales for “about the last 18 years.”
“It is very popular,” McIntosh said. “We're lucky enough to truly be a tradition. For a lot of Strawberry Festival goers, it's the number one thing they want to get. I've had at least ten people contact me to ship them donuts all over the United States.”
During last year's festival, the crew sold just over 16,000 dozen, amounting to over 192,000 donuts.
“We hope to make that many this year,” McIntosh said. “We have three fryers, and can do about 1,000 dozen every five to six hours. If you get a lot of experienced people on the fryers, you can crank out a thousand dozen in five hours or less.”
Troy Music Boosters' volunteers are producing donuts at the location 24 hours a day until the festival, trading out the crew in four-hour shifts with fifteen minutes of overlap.
“The overlap is so that the people coming in can learn from the people who are leaving,” McIntosh said. “We ask that every student and every parent work one four-hour shift, and that's all we ask them to do all year long. The band people set up everything and cook everything. The orchestra and choir parents and students clean up everything. We also have a lot of our alumni come back and help us, so it's truly a team effort.”
McIntosh explained that strawberry donut sales have become essential in funding Troy High School's music programs every school year.
“All three organizations use that money to support the organization all year long,” McIntosh said. “The school helps us with what we need, but this money is used for all types of things. The band uses it to travel quite a bit. We use it for music and copyrights. Band is expensive, so we're really lucky and fortunate to have something like this.”
Strawberry donuts can be picked up Thursday and Friday 7a.m. – 1p.m. at the donut drive-thru, located on the home side of Troy Memorial Stadium. Donuts are $9 a dozen at the drive-thru, and purchases are cash-only.
Donuts will be available Friday evening through Sunday evening at the concession stand under the visitors' bleachers, and will run $10 a dozen.
For more information on the 42nd Annual Strawberry Festival, visit www.gostrawberries.com.
Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Casey Layer and Chad Snee pull donuts from the fryer on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_Donuts2-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Casey Layer and Chad Snee pull donuts from the fryer on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Rob Davey of Troy cover donuts in strawberry glaze on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_Donuts4-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Rob Davey of Troy cover donuts in strawberry glaze on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Michala Andrade and Casey Wente prepare batter for strawberry donuts on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_Donuts3-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Michala Andrade and Casey Wente prepare batter for strawberry donuts on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Jaden Wente of Troy lines up cartons of strawberry donuts ready to sell on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_Donuts1-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Jaden Wente of Troy lines up cartons of strawberry donuts ready to sell on Wednesday at Troy Memorial Stadium.
Record sales anticipated for festival treat
The good news:
Transition ends New Year's Eve 2020, three months earlier than expected
Britain will be able to negotiate, sign and ratify trade deals during the transition period
Gibraltar explicitly in the deal
International agreements / EU trade deals to continue during transition
joint committee to make sure both sides act in good faith during transition
death of EU's punishment clause
agreement on financial settlement locked in
The less good news for the government:
We only get to “consult” on fishing during the year of 2020
“Full regulatory alignment” backstop in Northern Ireland must form part of the legal text
Climbdown on letting new EU citizens arriving during transition have identical rights as before
Most Tory Brexiteers will be on board, the fishing result could have been better but this is another step towards Brexit…
DUBAI: Nothing fundamental has changed since the very first meeting between a king of Saudi Arabia, Abdul Aziz bin Saud, and an American president, Franklin D. Roosevelt, in the spring of 1945 on board the USS Quincy in the Suez Canal in Egypt.Then, according to historians of the meeting, the key themes were: Security and oil. The two men found common interests in their desire to fix regional borders in the wake of World War II (though they differed significantly over the issue of Palestine) and both wanted to guarantee markets for crude oil.But the business of America is business, and the political relationship that was struck that day cemented an already existing commercial relationship in the oil fields. Since then, US-Saudi business relations have gone from strength to strength, even in such difficult times as the oil “spikes” of the 1970s and the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks on the US.Daniel Yergin, the Pulitzer-winning author of the “The Prize,” told Arab News: “This is a partnership that goes way back. It is striking that the crown prince will be coming to the United States on the 80th anniversary of the discovery of oil in Saudi Arabia by American geologists.”The relationship has broadened significantly from the simple “guns for oil” formula of the past. Now, US companies play a major role in the overall economic development of the Kingdom, from infrastructure and industry, through finance and investment, to health and entertainment.Even in the early days, US companies saw the opportunities that came with the opening up of the Kingdom, with big corporations such as engineering group Bechtel following the oil companies' lead to build roads and other essential infrastructure.Ellen Wald, American Saudi expert and author, describes in their forthcoming book “Saudi, Inc.” how Bechtel moved from laying oil pipelines to building royal palaces, highways, schools, power plans, hospitals and hotels. “It saw the Saudi public works campaign as a sure source of profit,” they wrote.Many US business people have spoken about the big transformation going on in the Kingdom under the Vision 2030 strategy in much the same way — as a gigantic and potentially very profitable program of public works.An overview of mutual business reveals the scale and the depth of US-Saudi business links, and also underlines the fact that it is a two-way street.Figures from the Washington DC-based US-Saudi Arabian Business Council (USSABC) showed total bilateral trade at $35.2 billion, with the Kingdom holding a slight balance advantage from its $18.9 billion of exports. Saudi Arabia is in the top 20 US trade partners, while America is the second biggest partner for merchandise into the Kingdom.Saudi Arabia is the second biggest source of imported oil into the US and the third biggest source of international students in the US educational system.Saudi Arabia — private sector and government — is estimated to have more than $1 trillion invested in the US, including a big holding of US Treasury bills.There are some eye-watering investments within those overall figures. Saudi Aramco's Motiva Enterprises is the largest oil refinery in the US, based in the oil state of Texas, which will also be home to a $3.9 billion petrochemicals plant joint-venture led by Exxon Mobil and Saudi Basic Industries Corporation (SABIC).The pace of investment has increased in recent years. The Saudi sovereign investor Public Investment Fund (PIF) has put $3.5 billion into high-tech mobility company Uber, while PIF has teamed up with Blackstone in a $40 billion program of infrastructure investment.The flow is far from one-way. Chemicals giant Dow is the largest foreign investor in the Kingdom, thanks to its $20 billion joint venture with Aramco in the Sadara petrochemicals plant. GE, the engineering conglomerate, has pledged billions of investment in power and energy in Saudi Arabia as part of its long-running business partnership. Exxon Mobil continues to be a major investor in Saudi energy.And, of course, there is the defense industry. Saudi Arabia is America's biggest customer for military sales, with all the big US defense manufacturers working as suppliers at all levels of the security business.At the Riyadh summit last year, President Trump was able to announce $110 billion of defense deals with Saudi Arabia, including deals with Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Raytheon. Analysts expect those transactions to be taken to the next level during the royal visit to the US.The USSABC estimates that the total amount of foreign direct investment (FDI) from the US to Saudi Arabia amounts to $9.83 billion — the highest of any foreign country into the Kingdom — while $12.3 billion went in the opposite direction, supporting 10,600 American jobs in affiliates of Saudi-owned firms.There was much speculation after last year's anti-corruption drive in the Kingdom that foreign firms might hold back on FDI, but so far there have been no reports of US firms canceling any FDI projects. The USSABC declined to comment on the effects of the anti-corruption campaign.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Shanghai has been confirmed as the only bidder for the 15th edition of the World Wushu Championships in 2019.
Only the Chinese city submitted an application by the deadline of the end of June, organisers the International Wushu Federation (IWUF) have confirmed.
It means that the city is almost assured of winning the rights to host the event in two years time.
However, the IWUF constitution still obliges the city to make a presentation before the World Championships can be officially awarded.
This will take place next month during this year's World Championships in Russian city Kazan, which are scheduled to be held between September 27 and October 3.
China is the world's dominant wushu power with the martial art originating in the country.
Shanghai is the only bidder for the World Wushu Championships in 2019 ©Getty Images
However, the Asian nation has only hosted the World Championships twice before - on both occasions in capital Beijing in 1991 and 2007.
The biennial event was last held in Indonesian capital Jakarta in 2015.
Shanghai does have major wushu event experience, staging the IWUF's inaugural Sanda World Cup event in 2002.
Wushu was one of three sports from a final shortlist of eight not to be recommended for inclusion at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
It missed out alongside bowling and squash.
Baseball/softball, climbing, karate, skateboarding and surfing were all accepted.
REDWOOD CITY — Authorities have identified a man who died Sunday after their recreational vehicle caught fire sparked by a frayed electrical cord, according to the Santa Clara County Medical Examiner-Coroner's Office.
Related Articles Man dies in Menlo Park RV fire
Rolando Garza, 52, was found unresponsive early Sunday morning in the back of the RV parked at 3190 Park Road in the unincorporated community of North Fair Oaks, which is surrounded by Redwood City, Menlo Park and Atherton.
Garza, who is formally listed as a Redwood City resident, died later that day after being rushed to Stanford Hospital.
Firefighters from the Menlo Park Fire Protection District and Redwood City Fire Department were called to the site around 5:55 a.m. for reports of the fire at the RV, which was parked in an enclosed space bounded by fenced walls on all four sides.
Initially impeded by “an extreme amount of storage,” firefighters made their way to the rear of the vehicle and found Garza, who fire officials said was in full cardiac arrest, rendering CPR ineffective.
An investigation of the fire traced the fire to a pinched extension cord running through the driver's side door, officials said Sunday, adding that they believed Garza was living in the vehicle.
Staff writer Ramona Giwargis contributed to this report.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove them to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
In their effort to find any hint of their motive, investigators were looking into whether they were with a prostitute days before the shooting, scrutinizing cruises they took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in their hotel room, a federal official said.
So far, examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and their social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. “We have looked at literally everything.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
“If you know something, say something,” said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. “We will not stop until we have the truth.”
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police.
“The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional,” said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. “We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.”
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
Investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications they were on, McMahill said.
Their girlfriend, Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
A group of women poses with a sign on Royal Street in the French Quarter on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, as the two big weekends ahead of Mardi Gras kick off in New Orleans. Stacey Plaisance AP Photo
Amazon Starts Delivering to Car Trunks
Amazon is partnering with General Motors and Volvo so that it can deliver to the trunk of your car https://bloom.bg/2qWX1fh #tictocnews (Source: Bloomberg)
The campgrounds are complete and opened for Memorial Day weekend. The pool opened Saturday.
“This project is part of an overall $170 million effort by the [Gov. Bill] Haslam administration to revitalize state parks,” Hill said. “These investments will help sustain our facilities and enhance the visitors' experience.”
The $2.2 million campground renovation project included widening and lengthening the campsite pads to accommodate current camping trends, the addition of 50-amp electrical service and providing potable water to all campground loop 3 sites. In addition, the project installed new bathhouses at campground loops 2 and 3. Cedars of Lebanon State Park also recently completed ADA access upgrades across the park.
“I am excited to see this money invested in Cedars of Lebanon State Park,” said Boyd. “These improvements are much needed and will certainly enhance the park, which is a tremendous asset for the people of Wilson County and the surrounding area.”
Pody agreed.
“Cedars of Lebanon State Park is such a Tennessee treasure,” said Pody. “I am very pleased with the renovations which make the park more attractive and welcoming for our local citizens and visitors alike. These new improvements and opportunities will encourage more people to visit and discover this wonderful park system, and I am happy to have supported them.”
“Tennessee State Parks are critical to our local communities,” Hill said. “Our parks generate local tax revenues, create jobs and offer health and wellness opportunities for our citizens.
“Gov. Haslam and the legislature understand the importance of Tennessee State Parks to our local economies and our quality of life, and I'm appreciative for their efforts over the past seven years to make our system one of the best in the nation.”
To make a camping reservation at Cedars of Lebanon State Park, call 615-443-2769 or visit tnstateparks.com/parks/about/cedars-of-lebanon.
As part of Seton Primary School's focus on health and fitness, they welcomed specialist sports coach, Dave Gibson from Skip2Bfit, for a day of energetic activity.
First, children at the Staithes school completed The Skip2Bfit skipping challenge. “It was more challenging than I thought,” said Floss (10). “It really got my heart beating,” added Lucas (9).
Using digital counting ropes, the children challenged themselves to improve their own scores in a series of two-minute skips.
The fun appealled to all ages and with a range of skipping activities, it wasn't long before everyone in school was skipping, including the teachers. A series of Boxercise circuits proved to be popular too.
“I like it because I got to box with the pads on,” said Benji (7). The event was an opportunity to raise funds for this year's Children in Need appeal, with almost £150 through this activity alone. Dave from Skip2bfit added: “We really enjoyed our visit.”
Rumours mills are busy churning out every possible name that could be a part of Shahid Kapoor's upcoming project,the remake of Woh Kaun Thi.
According to the latest buzz, it was Yami Gautam who was being considered for the role, but now we hear it's not Yami but Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.
A leading daily quoted a source as saying "Some reports have stated that Yami has been approached for 'Woh Kaun Thi'. That story is completely fake. Yami has not signed the movie and Aishwarya Rai is in consideration. Don't believe the rumours or spread any more rumours."
Coming back to Shahid's casting in the film, a source was quoted as saying, "Shahid Kapoor has developed a great rapport with Prernaa Arora [one of the producers of KriArj Entertainment] in the course of Batti Gul shoot."
After this project, they are committed to doing two more films with the studio. So when they bought the remake rights of Woh Kaun Thi, they were one of the first choices to essay Manoj Kumar's role."
On the other side, when Prernaa was asked to confirm the casting of the film, they neither denied nor made the casting official and said, "It's too early to talk about the cast. We are just at the starting point."
Speaking about same, Prernaa had earlier said that they want to pay a tribute to legendary actor Manoj Kumar. They had said, "This is our tribute to Manoj Kumar. They know we are planning a remake of their film."
Rekha Pens Down A Heart-touching Letter To Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
On an interesting note, it will be interesting to watch Aishwarya Rai Bachchan opposite Shahid Kapoor as the duo has never been paired together for a film.
On the work front, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is busy with the shoot of Fanne Khan, while Shahid Kapoor has kick-started the shoot of Batti Gul Meter Chalu and the film also casts Yami Gautam and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles.
Image Group LA/ABC(LOS ANGELES) — Tyrese Gibson took to Instagram on on Friday to post a lengthy apology for comments they last week in a BET interview about “Sluts, skeezers, hoes, tramps and overly aggressive promiscuous women.”
“I have never experienced what I am experiencing right now. – I've been getting dragged and feel the heat from my poor choice of words and approach to my messages, trust me…..,” they wrote, acknowledging “my own wife giving me the side eye and coming at me, even she's not happy with the way I've conducted myself.”
Insisting that, “For the record I'm far from a misogynist, a male chauvinist or flat out mean….,” they wrote, ” I want to truly say that I'm sorry, I'm not APOLOGIZING in an effort to be politically correct, I apologize as a man first for the things that I've recently said about choices women have the right to make, for the terms that I've used and the way I've come across.”
“I've learned things through experience which I share, and through these last couple of weeks, I've learned a lot through this well deserved internet dragging…… This is about a man owning up to their actions, taking responsibility, recognizing how to do better, and actually doing better. Ladies you deserve better…,” they concluded.
In the BET interview, Tyrese said, among other things, “Sluts, skeezers, hoes, tramps and overly aggressive promiscuous women, they are never without a man because they have no standards. They ready to have sex with any and everything that want to have sex with them.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrives at their party's federal election campaign opening rally on 12 August in Dortmund, Germany
Germany's chancellor, Angela Merkel, has issued a strong condemnation of white supremacist groups for their role in a violent rally at which three people died and called their actions "evil."
In comments released via their spokesperson on Monday, Merkel expressed shock at the "naked racism" seen during clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
"The scenes at the right-wing extremist march were absolutely repulsive – naked racism, anti-Semitism and hate in their most evil form were on display," Steffan Seibert told reporters, AFP reported.
"Such images and chants are disgusting wherever they may be and they are diametrically opposed to the political goals of the chancellor and the entire German government."
Seibert added that Merkel stood with "those who peacefully oppose such aggressive, far-right views."
At least 19 people were injured and one woman – named as 32-year-old Heather Heyer – was killed when a far-right activist, James Alex Fields Jr., allegedly drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday. A state police helicopter also crashed on Saturday, killing two officers.
Seibert said Merkel thought Heyer was the victim of "an evil attack."
The chancellor's intervention brings President Trump's refusal to specifically condemn far-right violence into sharp focus. They attracted widespread criticism on Saturday for saying the events of Charlottesville showed there was "hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides."
A subsequent White House statement clarified that Trump was referring to "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups," but the president themselves has yet to mention them in speeches, statements or via Twitter.
Downing Street said that the UK prime minister, Theresa May, stood with the victims of violence at Charlottesville, "against racism, hatred and violence."
Image copyright Bellis Image caption Some of the new paving slabs are inscribed with rogue apostrophes
People strolling along a recently reopened promenade in Conwy county have spotted grammatical errors inscribed in the paving stones.
Colwyn Bay seafront underwent a multi-million pound redevelopment, but slabs highlighting the town's history refer to the "1870's" and "1900's - 1950's".
There should not be any apostrophes.
A Conwy council spokesperson said: "The information has been shared with the Waterfront Project Team, and they are looking into it."
Last week, a European flag etched into a paving slab on the promenade sparked accusations of EU propaganda.
A council spokesperson said at the time that in accepting EU funds for the project, it had an obligation to acknowledge that fact.
By Dawn Aerts
Iron County Today
There are plenty of mistakes to be made when training a dog. So if you've just acquired a puppy or known someone who has, here are five very common mistakes with a doggy ‘do' list for trying to get it right.
Some mistakes happen as we take our new little pooch home from the local shelter. Yes, we are excited when they jump on us when he's called. Yes, we like the sound of pitter-patter-paws on our kitchen floor, and oh, how we enjoy seeing them jump on the furniture when we come into the room.
But that is the honeymoon stage of dog adoptions — before they tear up the garbage bag, piddle on the carpet, and terrorize the cat. None of these behaviors are wrong and they may not seem like huge mistakes at the time, but bad manners can lead to long term issues.
First, while dogs need plenty of care and attention from us, they'll also need to cope with rules on how to get along with others, a visit to the vet or a groomer. That said, your newest addition will eventually encounter other people, pesky kids, complete strangers wearing a funny hat, the frail neighbor next door, other pets to name a few. In other words, the proper socialization of a new dog or puppy is absolutely necessary for keeping a peaceable home.
First, your new puppy needs to get used to the idea that you will be giving them medications, trimming their nails, putting them on a leash, and maybe cleaning their teeth from time to time. So canine should be willing to let you handle, touch, check, or clean most of their body. This will take time and some training.
Second, you can train him/her with early handling by checking their paws, mouth, lifting their legs or tails (as need be) looking into the mouth, ears and between toes along with rubbing the furry under-belly once in a while. These are all connected to imprinting your dog with sociability and patterns of acceptance.
Third, it's important to calculate the necessary food portion for your dog, based on age, (potential) size, their energy needs and dietary health. For example, a puppy may only require a few handfuls of puppy food, versus the Great Dane that will require a very big bowl at least twice a day. With a Bichon Frise, I offer up a coffee-cup of chow twice a day.
Dog trainers also suggest keeping pets on a nutritious but consistent diet, developing a regular feeding amount and time. Like kids, our pets generally appreciate a regular routine of food, exercise and playtime.
Fourth, one of the main reasons for pet adoption is the issue of potty-training. Owners will find that new puppies and even older dogs can overcome a bag habit with planning, praise and consistency. According to animal experts, start by taking a pooch outside at the same time frame each day: just after wake up, after a meal, after playtime, and before bed is recommended.
That said, puppies (in particular) will tend to understand the potty principle as they get older. Be patient, but firm.
Finally, some dog handlers believe that a once a week shower or bath is an okay thing to do. A shower can help rid your dog or puppy of allergens, bacteria and some yeast issues. At my house, the Bichon Frise ‘hops into the shower' reluctantly at first, but that is another story.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami) – Apparent progress continues to be made towards a summit between the United States and North Korea.
The future of the summit between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un could be decided in the next 24 hours.
That's because a high ranking North Korean official is on their way to New York to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to discuss the matter.
Kim Yong Chol, the right hand man of Kim Jong-un, has arrived in the U.S. for talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
Kim and Pompeo will have dinner Wednesday evening and discuss if it's possible to proceed with a June 12th summit between Trump and Kim Jong-un.
“The conversation is going to be focused on de-nuclearization of the peninsula,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said.
“As long as that is part of the discussion we're going to continue to shoot for the June 12th and expect to be there.”
For now the Trump-Kim meeting is officially off but both sides are preparing as if it will be on.
News crews spotted a U.S. team in Singapore working on logistics for the possible summit.
After Trump cancelled the summit last week in a letter to Kim Jong-un, the North Koreans had stopped communicating with the U.S.
But Tuesday Trump tweeted that Kim Yong Chol's visit was a “solid response” to their letter.
Kim Yong Chol is North Korea's former spy chief and has been in all of the meetings with U.S. officials discussing de-nuclearization.
Kim and secretary Pompeo have been face-to-face twice before during Pompeo's trips to Pyongyang. But this will be the first time the two have talked in America.
In fact, apart from trips to the UN, Kim's visit will be the first time a North Korean official has visited the U.S. in 18 years.
Kim Yong Chol is currently on the U.S. sanctions list so he's likely had to receive a waiver in order to make the trip to America.
Youtube
Tonight is the season 7 premiere of Once Upon a Time on ABC at 8pm ET/PT.
The show will continue on Friday nights for the duration of the season.
Last season, OUAT lots its series lead Jennifer Morrison, and now, according to the AV Club, the show has cut most of its cast, and will be fast forwarding a decade or two and leaving Storybrooke.
This season will introduce a new Cinderella, played by Dania Ramirez, as well as an older version of Henry, who will come along a young girl, Lucy, who claims she's their daughter. As we all remember, Henry's memory has been wiped out and they don't remember much; Lucy comes knocking on their door saying they need their help to save their mother. In a recent interview with the Daily News, Executive Producer Edward Kitsis said, “Henry has found themselves in a new book with new characters, and he's called on some of their friends like Captain Hook and Rumplestiltskin and their mom, the Evil Queen, to join him.”
Interested in watching the show? Read on to find out when and where to watch.
DATE: Friday, October 6, 2017
TIME: 8pm ET/PT
CHANNEL: ABC
PREMIERE TITLE: Hyperion Heights
SUMMARY: Henry leaves Storybrooke in search of their own story. Years later in another realm, they encounter a troubled Cinderella, changing the trajectory of their quest forever. When Cinderella's evil step-mother, Lady Tremaine, poses a threat, Henry discovers that following their heart will require them to make more difficult choices than they ever could have imagined. Years later, a young Lucy finds a disillusioned Henry at their home in Seattle, determined to make them remember their true self in order to defeat the curse afflicting the fairytale characters of “Hyperion Heights.”
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Miami Dolphins offensive lineman Jesse Davis says trying to plan a wedding is "hectic and hell". All they want to do is watch training film when they get home and they want to plan the wedding.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - BidPal, the leading mobile fundraising platform helping nonprofits raise more money, announced that Parrish Snyder has joined the company as Vice President of Sales. Click to Tweet.
"What struck me most about BidPal from the very beginning was its singular pursuit to do good with technology," said Snyder. "Beyond the opportunity to continue the evolution of such a great business, the passion and commitment of the team to advancing our customers' causes is such an inspiration."
Since 2005, Snyder has been leading sales and business development efforts for some of the country's most innovative entrepreneurial companies. They most recently was Executive Vice President of Global Accounts for Tongal, a trailblazer in the advertising industry that connects businesses in need of creative work with an always-on network of writers, directors and production companies. At Tongal, which was recognized by Inc. Magazine as the fastest growing company the previous two years and by Ad Age's Top 10 Agency A-List this year, they helped grow the business from founder-driven early sales to a proven and scalable revenue model servicing an extensive Fortune 500 client base.
"Parrish has a fantastic track record of building and leading teams to create long-term value," said Steve Johns, BidPal CEO. "As BidPal continues our rapid growth -- with subscriber count up by 32 percent in 2016 -- it's clear that Parrish has the right combination of commitment to our culture and drive to succeed to help us take BidPal to the next level."
Karrie Wozniak, previously the Vice President of Sales & Marketing at BidPal, will transition to Vice President of Marketing. Said Wozniak, "BidPal's mission is to help engage and connect more donors to causes. The opportunity to keep advancing that mission on a broader strategic level in marketing is key to our growth plans."
In December, BidPal announced it had raised an additional $6 million equity to
accelerate product development and business expansion.
Snyder earned their bachelor's degree from the Farmer School of Business at Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Evanston, Ill.  They are a resident of Chicago.
About BidPal, Inc.
BidPal creates mobile fundraising software that helps nonprofits engage donors and raise more money. Our Cloud-based mobile and payment solutions have helped nearly 2,800 organizations raise more than $1 billion through 8,300 events and connect with over one million unique donors. BidPal was ranked #74 on the 2013 Inc. 500 list of The Fastest Growing Companies and #1 in Indiana. Connect with us on Facebook at Twitter.
DENVER, CO--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Medicine Man Technologies Inc. ( OTCQB : MDCL), one of the country's leading cannabis branding and consulting companies, announced that the Company has filed its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and is providing guidance related to its first quarter 2017 performance.
According to market research firm ArcView, the U.S. cannabis industry made $6.7 billion in sales in 2016. Today, 28 states and the District of Columbia have laws in place legalizing cannabis to some extent. With eight new states passing new measures for cannabis in the past year, industry activity is expected to increase significantly over the next few years. Medicine Man Technologies is actively working with prospective clients in many of these states noting the Company is optimistic that its new services and products will result in growth and expansion.
Financial Summary of Fiscal Year 2016
"In 2016, Medicine Man continued building a solid foundation for growth as new states adopt cannabis legislation. To prepare for the growing market, last year Medicine Man increased its investment in staffing, infrastructure, product and service lines, marketing and branding," stated Andy Williams, CEO of Medicine Man Technologies. "We expect that this investment will position the Company to service prospective clients located in those states that adopted cannabis regulation in late 2016. Additionally, Medicine Man's pending completion of the acquisition of Three-A-Light ™ and Success Nutrients has already created new opportunities in states with existing regulation and with the home-grow cultivator."
The Company reported the following results of operations in 2016:
Total revenue for FY 2016 was $631,456 in comparison to revenues in FY 2015 of $835,777. Management attributes this decrease in revenue to a reduction in the number states electing to adopt new legal cannabis laws in early 2016, a trend that reversed itself as a result of various cannabis initiatives adopted in November 2016. This fact, together with the addition of Medicine Man's new products and services, provides the Company with the reasonable expectation that revenues will both increase and become more predictable in 2017 and in future years.
Total costs of services for FY 2016 was $462,182 in comparison to cost of services in FY 2015 of $209,475. The increase in this expense category of $252,707 was primarily attributable to the addition of several new consulting team members and increased sub-contractor costs associated with our support of Hawaii based applications in FY 2016.
Total operating expense in FY 2016 was $1,321,363, as compared to FY 2015 of $535,879. This increase in expense of $785,484 is attributable to the increase in stock based compensation and advertising which totaled $770,712.
Other income/expense in FY 2016 was $312,184 as compared to ($8,071) in FY 2015. This increase in expense of $320,255 is attributable to the increase in derivative liabilities of $294,002.
Net income before taxes for FY 2016 was ($1,464,273) as compared to FY 2015 of $98,224. The decrease in net income of $1,366,049 was substantially attributable to increased expenses related to stock based compensation, advertising and derivative liabilities. These expenses totaled $1,064,714.
Revenue Guidance Q1 FY 2017
Management has already deposited or billed approximately $670,000 as it relates to the first quarter of 2017, which exceeds the total income the Company reported for FY 2016.
CEO Commentary
"We are extremely pleased with the Company's progress over the past year. In 2016, we solidified Medicine Man's presence as a leader in the fast-growing cannabis marketplace and established a solid foundation for the Company's products, technology and service offerings. Management is excited about both the revenue we have already seen in the first quarter of 2017, and revenue anticipated over the next three quarters," stated Andy Williams. "We are looking forward to providing additional updates related to our revenues and anticipated growth at our upcoming annual shareholder meeting, to be announced shortly."
Latest Additions to Medicine Man Technologies Product and Service Offerings
Cultivation Max
As the legal cannabis marketplace evolves and the industry matures, there is an increasing need to control the cost of production and maximize a cultivation facility's yield and performance. To meet this need, Medicine Man has created a new service offering known as "Cultivation Max." Cultivation Max helps optimize a facility's yield, consistency, quality and efficiency through a combination of improved growing techniques and plant nutrients. The target market for this service is existing commercial cannabis cultivators in both indoor and greenhouse environments.
To support the Company's cultivation services, Medicine Man entered into an agreement last year to acquire Pono Publications Ltd and its Three-a-Light ™ (www.threealight.com) intellectual property, which has been shown to increase indoor cannabis yields significantly. In conjunction with the acquisition of Pono Publications Ltd, Medicine Man also entered into an agreement to acquire Success Nutrients and retain the founder of both Pono and Success Nutrients, Mr. Josh Haupt, as its Chief Cultivation Officer.
Success Nutrients provides nutrients specifically for cannabis growing to assist in the production of higher yields, stronger plants, healthier flowers and an overall cleaner product. Success Nutrient's products are currently available in Colorado, California, Oregon, Washington, Arizona, Michigan and Canada, with plans to obtain the required product registrations in other states as the Company expands its market reach.
Together, Medicine Man Technologies, Three-a-Light ™ and Success Nutrients have been combined to provide customers with higher yield and higher quality production.
Managed Facility Services
As both the Company and the cannabis industry grow, Medicine Man Technologies has increasingly received requests to provide for full facility management. Therefore, as a natural extension of its end-to-end cannabis licensing, production and dispensary consulting services, Medicine Man is launching a Managed Facility Services practice to provide clients end-to-end facility operations management.
About Medicine Man Technologies, Inc.
Established in March 2014, the Company secured its first client/licensee in April 2014. To date, the Company has provided guidance for several clients that have successfully secured licenses to operate cannabis businesses within their state. It currently has twenty eight active clients in 12 states and Puerto Rico, focusing on working with clients to 1) utilize its experience, technology, and training to help secure a license in states with newly emerging regulations, 2) deploy the Company's highly effective variable capacity constant harvest cultivation practices through its deployment of Cultivation MAX, and eliminate the liability of single grower dependence, 3) avoid the costly mistakes generally made in start-up, 4) stay engaged with an ever expanding team of licensees and partners, all focused on quality and safety that will 'share' the ever-improving experience and knowledge of the network, and 5) continuing the expansion of its Brands Warehouse concept.
Safe Harbor Statement
This press release may contain forward looking statements which are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those anticipated or expected, including statements related to the amount and timing of expected revenues and any payment of dividends on our common and preferred stock, statements related to our financial performance, expected income, distributions, and future growth for upcoming quarterly and annual periods. These risks and uncertainties are further defined in filings and reports by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those projected in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Among other matters, the Medicine Man Technologies may not be able to sustain growth or achieve profitability based upon many factors including, but not limited to, general stock market conditions. Reference is hereby made to cautionary statements set forth in the Company's most recent SEC filings. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses in our expansion of our existing and new service lines, noting there is no assurance that we will generate enough revenues to offset those costs in both the near and long term. Additional service offerings may expose us to additional legal and regulatory costs and unknown exposure(s) based upon the various geopolitical locations where we will be providing services, the impact of which cannot be predicted at this time.
By Magnus Eze
A national embarrassment emanated from the National Assembly February 7, 2017, when the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, headed by Senator Monsurat Sunmonu, screened ambassadorial nominees in the dark.
The committee, which was screening the non-career nominees, had barely screened six of them when power was interrupted during the turn of Mr. Baba Ahmad Jidda, a nominee from Borno State.
The proceedings stopped momentarily for about three minutes before Senator Ali Ndume urged the committee to continue and it resorted to rechargeable lamps until power was restored over one hour later. Cameramen from media organisations, who were not armed with lamps in anticipation of the blackout, had to use smartphone torchlights to provide illumination for their shots.
The video clip of that collective embarrassment has since gone viral on the social media.
However, if the National Assembly Complex was lucky to have power restored after one hour, it was not so for the neighbouring Federal Secretariat Complex, where blackouts have become a way of life.
It was indeed a disgraceful scenario at the conference room of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, January 18, 2017, as the reign of darkness in the Federal Secretariat Complex marred a meeting between the Federal Government and representatives of the then striking National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU) and the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU).
The meeting, which lasted for over six hours under very unfriendly weather conditions, with participants lamenting the heat, was suspended at about 7:30pm to be continued the following day; the minister, Dr. Chris Ngige, relied on flashlights of phones and the lamps of television cameras to present the outcome of the meeting to the public.
In fact, Ngige commended the participants, especially members of the universities' Joint Action Committee, for negotiating under very uncomfortable conditions occasioned by the blackout in the secretariat.
However, NAAT president, Mr. Sani Suleiman, who spoke on behalf of their colleagues, lamented the harsh conditions under which the parley was held. They noted that accepting to negotiate in the stifling heat and darkness of the meeting room was a sign of patriotism and their desire to resolve the issues in dispute.
If Ngige could bear the blackout and sweltering heat, not so for their aviation counterpart, Senator Hadi Sirika. The minister moved at last minute the inauguration of the security sub-committee on the Abuja Airport runway closure, scheduled for their office at the Federal Secretariat on February 2, 2017, to the Federal Ministry of Transportation, Bukar Dipcharima House, Central Business District, ostensibly because of the power outage in the secretariat.
Aviation correspondents were already assembling at the Ministry of Aviation that morning, only to be told via text message that the venue of the event had been changed “due to power issues at the Federal Secretariat.”
The foregoing was one of the several government activities that have either been shifted or cancelled because of the shortage of electricity at the secretariat complex.
In fact, the expansive edifice was in the dark for the greater part of last year and coming into 2017. Daily Sun's investigations showed that the outage was attributable to the huge debts owed the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) by the ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs).
Some workers who spoke with Daily Sun said that phases I, II and III of the Federal Secretariat have been without power for almost four weeks this year. They urged the Federal Government to settle the accumulated electricity bills owed the AEDC, to enable the civil servants perform their duties effectively.
An anonymous respondent in the Federal Ministry of Education described the electicity situation as “very worrisome.”
“We heard that we have been cut off from electricity supply because of accumulated unpaid bills by various establishments. We were told that the government owes a huge sum of money to the AEDC. The situation is really affecting the way and manner workers come to work. I can tell you boldly that workers' productivity is zero since most of them no longer come to work as usual and those who could make it to the office only come to mark attendance,” they said.
Another source, who pleaded anonymity, claimed that workers in the secretariat, due to power outage, had alternative days, among colleagues, on when to come to work.
“Due to the power outage, workers now rotate and liaise among themselves when to come to work and days they should be ‘off' to reduce cost of transportation and redundancy.''
Another civil servant who gave their name as Hauwa, said that, “The worst part of this is that those who come to work are seen roaming around, sitting outside or standing in groups discussing, as if they came for an interview. This is a sorry sight for the country.”
Them appeal to the Federal Government to take urgent steps in restoring dignity to the Federal Secretariat seemed to have received positive attention last week as power was eventually restored to the secretariat.
While the blackout lasted, workers at the Federal Secretariat Complex deserted their offices, complaining that the situation impacted negatively on productivity, reduced office working hours and forced them to loiter around the complex, in addition to late resumption and early closure of work.
A staff of the Federal Ministry of Communication, who gave their name simply as Mr. Okoi, described the cutting off of electricity supply as an embarrassment. They wondered why the same government demanding for the payment of utility bills in every sector was a culprit in not paying bills.
They urged government to “investigate and prosecute whoever that is saddled with the responsibility of ensuring the payment of bills,” stressing that “we cannot continue this way, no electricity to pump water for the toilets and everywhere smells.”
For Mrs. Titilola Benson, the power issue posed severe health challenges given that the elevators were not functional: “Even though I know that exercise is good for one's health, but it is not easy climbing up and down the staircase to the 11th floor all the time at my age, with health challenges.''
More worrisome implications
Aside from other setbacks, the power outage at the Federal Secretariat was a big blow to the nation's image as visitors, including foreigners, with business to do at the complex were also at the receiving end.
They suffered in the heat and laboured to climb the staircases of the high rise building because the elevators were not working.
An angry civil servant in the Federal Ministry of Aviation, refusing to be named, stated that, “The Federal Secretariat, especially Phase I, is a place that houses eight ministers of the Federal Republic of Nigeria with very important ministries and parastatals.
“How can there be power outage for the past three weeks now even going to the fourth week in the Federal Capital, without any solution? It is unfair; how does government expect workers to work or give account of their daily productivity?”
Daily Sun gathered that it was a big challenge handling the sanitary situation of the conveniences because of the unavailability of water.
Although alternative power source was not allowed at the complex, Mr. Peter Namdas disclosed that the provision of a new generator for the elevators eventually helped the water and sanitation situation.
“Thank God that they have been able to provide a separate generator to power the lifts and pump water to the various floors. Honestly, it has not been easy for workers,” they said.
A health, safety and environment expert, Mr. Matthew Okorie, explained the security implications of such a gigantic edifice staying for weeks without power.
In the event of an emergency or catastrophe, Okorie said, the casualty figures could be better imagined than witnessed, adding that the power outage had rendered the metal detectors installed in parts of the secretariat useless.
Cause of blackout
It could not be confirmed precisely how much the MDAs owed the AEDC on power consumed at the Federal Secretariat, but Daily Sun's checks showed that the MDAs collectively owed the Abuja distribution company (disco) N18.6 billion.
Discos had complained that the debt was impacting negatively on their operations, with their liquidity levels becoming tight.
Managing director of AEDC, Mr. Ernest Mupwaya, at a meeting with the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Fashola late last year, disclosed that AEDC was unable to meet the request for a letter of credit to the Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Plc and equally participate in the Central Bank of Nigeria's market support fund due to the huge debt owed by the MDAs.
However, provision has been made for funds in the 2017 budget to defray the debts owed discos by the MDAs.
When contacted at the weekend to find out the cause of the perennial power outage at the Federal Secretariat, AEDC head of media, Mr. Ahmed Shekarau, quoting the area manager, said that no section of the complex was disconnected from the grid or had any technical issue. They explained that the frequent outage there in recent times “may be due to load shedding as a result of system instability.”
There is no denying that power was restored to the edifice last week, but what is yet to be ascertained is the economic loss, including accumulated productivity loss, during the long blackout. Even banks in the complex were not spared as their operations were also severely hampered, as some of them relied on inverters for skeletal services.
Share
How an eleventh-hour border shift kept the suburbs in Illinois
hello
Editor's note: Most people know about the Great Chicago Fire and the apocryphal cow blamed for starting it by kicking over a lamp in Mrs. O'Leary's barn in 1871, but there's a lot more to Illinois history than that. Native American settlements thousands of years old, the battle over slavery, the transfer of influence from southern to northern Illinois, wars and riots, the leaders and gangsters and politicians and artists and athletes that shaped our state all will be part of a yearlong series of articles to mark Illinois' bicentennial. The Daily Herald and dozens of publications across the state are joining forces on the series, which will continue until Illinois' 200th birthday on Dec. 3, 2018.
Were it not for the action of an enterprising lawyer 200 years ago, the northern portion of Illinois would have the badger as the state animal and the Green Bay Packers as the home football team.
Indeed, the shrewd move in 1818 by Nathaniel Pope, the Illinois Territory's delegate in Congress, to relocate the original proposed boundary from the southern tip of Lake Michigan is regarded as a decisive event in Illinois history.
The shift meant Chicago, then an unincorporated backwater, became part of the nascent state with a port on the Great Lakes.
How Illinois' northern boundary was designated at 42 degrees, 30 minutes latitude was a tactical maneuver that effectively set Wisconsin statehood back 30 years.
Pope's move provided the groundwork for Chicago to become Illinois' economic juggernaut and literally turned state politics upside-down as the area grew. But it also had the national implication of ensuring Illinois would be a free state at a time of percolating political unrest over slavery.
"This was not a matter of people interested in the Chicago area. It was actually farsighted people who were about to become the leadership in the new state," said John Reda, associate professor of history at Illinois State University.
At the time, construction of the Erie Canal connecting the Atlantic Ocean to the Great Lakes had just begun and Chicago was contemplated as one end of a canal providing a path to the Illinois River and on to the Mississippi.
This map shows the original and approved northern Illinois boundary lines - Courtesy of Mic Greenburg
By placing that terminus in Illinois, the state would be connected to New York and New England via the Great Lakes shipping channels, providing security for the perpetuity of the Union, Pope argued to Congress, and aligning Illinois firmly with the northern states.
Even then, "there was the possibility of a civil war," said Ken Olson, professor emeritus at the University of Illinois, who has written about the Illinois border controversy.
Congress "wanted to have a water route between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River for shipping supplies and soldiers if needed, since the Ohio River route could become contested," said Olson, co-author of a new book "Managing Mississippi and Ohio River Landscapes" that includes a chapter on the northern border.
Along with giving Illinois access to Lake Michigan, Pope's border modification raised the population nearly to the 40,000 required for statehood, Olson said in an article they co-authored for the Journal of Earth Science and Engineering.
- Mick Zawislak | Staff Photographer A historical marker along Route 47 south of Hebron tells how the area ended up in Illinois instead of Wisconsin.
By the time Illinois territory was considering statehood, only the northern border was in question. Kentucky and Indiana already were established and the Mississippi River formed a natural boundary on the west.
How did the situation come to be? The genesis was in the Northwest Ordinance Act of 1787 approved by Congress that set guidelines for vast tracts ceded to the new government after the Revolutionary War.
At first, the original 13 colonies thought they could simply extend their borders to the west, said Gregory M. Gordon, a history professor at the College of Lake County.
"What we call the northern part of Illinois was supposed to go to Connecticut, and the southern part of Illinois was supposed to be part of Virginia," they said.
Instead, the Northwest Ordinance set up the framework allowing three to five areas to apply for statehood on equal footing with other states.
"It was a pretty radical plan," Reda said.
Nathaniel Pope lobbied for an Illinois boundary that was more north so that the state could gain power from shipping pathways that would lead to Lake Michigan. - Courtesy of Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum
Kaskaskia was the capital of the Illinois territory and home to Nathaniel Pope, a Kentucky native who became the first territorial secretary of Illinois and its delegate in Congress. Their petition for statehood, presented to Congress in January 1818, was referred to a committee, with the northern boundary still to be set.
While some communities in the northwest part of the Illinois territory, such as Galena with its lead mining industry, were hopping, the northeast landscape was bleak.
Chicago "was a nothing place," Gordon said. "Southern Illinois was where the action was."
According to an article in the Illinois Periodicals Online project, the 1787 ordinance intended for the northern borders of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois to be aligned, touching the southern tip of Lake Michigan. However, the map used by Congress mistakenly showed the southern shore of Lake Michigan to be about 6 miles north. And when Indiana became a state, its northern boundary was approved about 10 miles north of the originally intended boundary.
- Mick Zawislak | Staff Photographer Welcome to Illinois, but it would have still been Wisconsin if not for some maneuvering 200 years ago to move Illinois' boundary northward.
Those precedents helped Illinois, as did a sense of urgency.
When a slave state entered the union, as Mississippi did in late 1817, there was a push by the North to counter with a free state. Some feared Missouri, a slave territory, would seek statehood and the ensuing national crisis could put Illinois' bid on hold.
Pope took a bold stance. In pushing for a more generous northern boundary, they "got an extra 50 miles," Reda said.
Illinois became the 21st state on Dec. 3, 1818, including an additional 8,500 square miles comprising what now are the 14 counties north of the original boundary line.
- Mick Zawislak | Staff Photographer Wisconsin's border with Illinois is about 50 miles north of where it was envisioned before 1818.
Wisconsin became a territory in 1836 and for several years protested against the northern Illinois boundary, claiming the southern tip of the lake as the true boundary. In 1840, delegates in northern Illinois meeting in Rockford declared the property properly belonged to Wisconsin.
But nothing came of the efforts and the matter ended in 1848, when Wisconsin was admitted as a state with its southern border where it exists today.
When Illinois was admitted, Pope was made U.S. judge of the district, which included the entire state. Pope County on the southern tip of the state is named for him.
• Illinois 200 is produced as a project of the Illinois Press Association and the Illinois Associated Press Media Editors. Watch for stories until Dec. 3, 2018, our state's 200th birthday.
Samson Folarin A woman in their 50s, identified simply as Vivian, has been killed on Adewale Kuku Street, Millennium Estate, Gbagada, Lagos State. PUNCH Metro learnt that the victim, whose relatives were unknown, suddenly appeared in the community more than a year ago. They were said to be sleeping in an abandoned white truck parked […]
The post Manager-turned-oil hawker killed by assailant appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
A San Diego man convicted in the brutal killing of their wealthy Texas boyfriend in Mexico as part of an intricate scheme to inherit their estate was sentenced Monday.
Federal prosecutors confirmed that David Enrique Meza was sentenced to life in prison for the homicide. Meza and their then-girlfriend, Taylor Marie Langston, were indicted in the December 2015 death of 52-year-old Jake Clyde Merendino.
Since Merendino was killed in Baja, California, the trial was held in federal court. Meza was convicted of one count of Interstate or Foreign Domestic Violence Resulting in Murder and one count of Conspiracy to Obstruct Justice by a federal jury.
On the second anniversary of Merendino's death, the jury returned a guilty verdict. Acting U.S. Attorney Alana W. Robinson said the victim cared for Meza, lavishing them with expensive gifts and trying to create a life together.
Wealthy Man Stabbed to Death After Naming Suspect as Heir
A Southern California couple were arrested Wednesday, accused of tricking a Texas man into a relationship, convincing them to name one of the suspects as their heir and then killing him, according to FBI documents. NBC 7's Omari Fleming reports. (Published Thursday, Dec. 24, 2015)
Robinson called Meza a "greedy killer who will now have to answer for their cruelty." Prosecutors described the fatal stabbing of the wealthy Merendino as "a love affair gone wrong."
Meza and Langston planned to exploit Merendino and for Meza to eventually kill Merendino in the early hours of May 2, 2015 in Baja California.
Merendino's body was later discovered in a ravine near the highway that connected to Rosarito and Ensenada, according to the FBI.
Meza and Langston were captured on video re-entering the U.S. soon after, according to investigators.
When questioned by investigators, Meza and Langston allegedly claimed they had been visiting with a friend named “Joe” in Tijuana at the time of Merendino's murder.
But Foster said phone records and Facebook posts contradicted that alibi, and “Joe” told investigators they had not seen the couple for a year and a half and they have never visited their home.
The prosecution's evidence included text messages sent by Meza to Merendino professing their love for him. Messages were also shared in which Meza expressed their disdain for Merendino to their then-pregnant fiancée
Documentation was also shown to the jury suggesting Meza was the sole beneficiary of Merendino's Baja condo, worth nearly $300,000.
Langston entered a plea agreement in February. The San Diego-Union Tribune reports Langston pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice.
Meza's attorney argued it would be difficult for Meza to drag Merendino's body since the victim was 6-feet, 4-inches tall and approximately 310 pounds.
The attorney also told jurors there is no DNA evidence linking Meza to the crime.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Ole Miss QB Shea Patterson commits to transfer to Michigan
hello
OXFORD, Miss. -- Mississippi quarterback Shea Patterson says they will transfer to Michigan.
Patterson made their commitment in a tweet on Monday after visiting the Ann Arbor, Michigan, campus last weekend . Patterson is recovering from a right knee injury that cost them the final month of last season, but they should be ready to compete in 2018.
In seven games, Patterson passed for 2,259 yards and 17 touchdowns, with nine interceptions. The sophomore was one of the top recruits in the 2016 class.
Ole Miss was hit with NCAA sanctions two weeks ago that included a bowl ban next season. The NCAA said Mississippi's seniors could transfer without sitting out next season, as is usually required. Patterson does not qualify for that but could petition the NCAA to be immediately eligible.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Las Vegas Metro police said they arrested a 62-year-old man in connection with a ‘threatening note” that was found at Sen. Dean Heller's office in July.
Richard Holley was arrested for extortion, burglary and intimidating a public officer, police said. They were taken into custody without incident on Monday.
On July 14, police believe Holley entered the building where Heller's office is located and left the note. Police responded after receiving a call from an alarm company reporting a burglary at the building.
Police did not reveal what the note addressed to Heller said.
Anyone with information on this incident is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
There were no injuries in the incident.
About 40-50 people were in The Glade Church at the time of the incident, Moore said. The weapon apparently discharged while the gun owner, who had a carry permit, stood at a guest service desk.
The gun was in the gun owner's left pocket, and it is not clear if something else was in the pocket and caused the gun to fire, Moore said.
The bullet went through the floor and caused damage to the carpet. It did not hit anyone, including the gun owner.
“It was on Easter Sunday, so of course it's going to be a crowded church,” Moore said. “This is one of those situations where, as a gun owner, with great power comes great responsibility. A permit-holder is legally and ethically responsible for every single bullet fired out of a weapon. Fortunately, no one was hurt.”
The investigation is considered ongoing, and the gun owner was not immediately identified.
“Investigators will consult with the district attorney on any possible charges that may stem from this incident,” Moore said.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Researchers have incorporated platelet-rich plasma into a bio-ink: a 3D-printed mixture of cells and gel that could eventually be part of skin grafts and regenerative tissue implants.
If injury strikes during their 10-day cruise through the bloodstream, platelets flock toward the scene of a cut or bruise to engage their signature superpower: clotting.
But platelets also release so-called growth factors that help repair soft tissues—blood vessels, skin, muscle, tendons—and recruit other cells to speed the healing process. Those capabilities have made platelet-rich plasma an emerging treatment option for certain joint injuries and post-operative therapies.
“The ultimate goal is to print functional tissue constructs that can be implanted to replace or repair damaged tissues,” says Ali Tamayol, assistant professor of mechanical and materials engineering at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. “One of the challenges is to create structures that, when implanted in selected tissues or organs after an injury, will release growth factors that initiate the processes essential for healing and regeneration.”
Platelet-rich
Jeremy Ruskin, professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School, worked with colleagues at Massachusetts General Hospital to show that the bio-ink can accommodate an optimal concentration of platelet-rich plasma and dispense its growth factors over several days. And when testing the performance of its platelet-rich ink against a platelet-less counterpart in the lab, the team saw some promising results.
In less than a day, the platelet-rich ink had prompted enough cell migration to cover about 50 percent of an artificial scratch, whereas the platelet-less edition covered just 5 percent. The ink also excelled at calling for reinforcements, encouraging more than twice as many mesenchymal stem cells—which can become muscle, cartilage, or bone—to migrate toward it during a 24-hour span.
Because proper healing depends on adequate blood flow, the researchers likewise tested their ink's ability to stimulate the reconstruction of blood vessels. They found that vessel-specific cells not only reproduced twice as fast but also organized into vessel-like tubes that were substantially longer and more complex than those formed by the platelet-less ink.
Good gel for 3D printing
Yet those results would mean little if the ink's primary ingredient—a gelatinous, algae-derived material called alginate—proved resistant to 3D printing or failed to maintain its form. Tamayol and colleagues initially peppered the alginate with calcium chloride to forge bonds among some of the material's polymer chains, lending it strength without making it too viscous for a 3D printer.
After printing the ink into a desired 3D design—the researchers demonstrated a grid, a tree-like structure, and a serpentine line—they immersed the structure in a calcium chloride solution to further strengthen it. The body also raises calcium levels at injury sites, meaning that it could help reinforce the alginate after implantation, Tamayol says.
Once bio-printing technology has matured, they say, the alginate could be mixed with a patient's own cells and platelets to minimize the risk of an immune response.
“There is a trend toward using personalized therapies in many areas of medicine,” says Negar Faramarzi, the lead author of the study in Advanced Healthcare Materials. “We tried to incorporate the growth factors in a way that keeps us on track for those personalized therapies.”
The team received support from the National Institutes of Health, the Nebraska Tobacco Settlement, and the Al-Sagri Research Fund at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Source: University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Moscovici Discusses Taxes and Trade
Pierre Moscovici, European Commissioner of Economic & Financial Affairs, gives their views on the European Union's tax plan and trade wars. They speak with Bloomberg's Michael McKee at the G20 Summit in Buenos Aires. (Source: Bloomberg)
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Moon bases have long been a staple of science fiction, but a renewed push for lunar exploration suggests they're on the brink of becoming science fact. Half a century after the last Apollo astronauts left the moon, President Trump has ordered NASA to plan a return. Other spacefaring nations are planning lunar missions of their own, as are a handful of start-ups.
Experts say the moon's low gravity and proximity to Earth, along with its natural resources, make it a perfect staging post for missions to Mars and other deep-space destinations as well as a new frontier for humans to settle.
“The surface of the moon is the size of Africa,” says Prof. Bernard Foing, a scientist at the European Space Agency and leader of the agency's “Moon Village” lunar base concept. “So you could really have a fully developed eighth continent playing a number of roles like a manufacturing hub, a great tourist destination, or a spaceport hub.”
Eventually, the moon will likely have permanent settlements — perhaps underground cities inside the recently discovered lava tubes that could protect settlers from space radiation. But plenty of lunar activity is planned for the coming decade.
First Steps
NASA's 2019 budget includes plans for a space station in lunar orbit. The station's first components will launch in 2022, and NASA is working with industrial partners to develop habitats and landers. The goal is to allow astronauts to make regular trips to the surface by the end of the decade.
India and China are planning to put rovers on the moon later this year, and while the Google Lunar XPRIZE — a competition to spur private lunar exploration — announced in January that it would end without a winner, many former contestants say their missions will go ahead.
One former contestant, Japanese start-up ispace (which competed as Team Hakuto), recently raised $90 million to build robotic landers and rovers for the moon. These would be the key elements of a lunar transportation network that could open the door to various commercial operations.
"There are endless commercial opportunities,” says ispace CEO Takeshi Hakamada. “Once we identify available resources on the moon, we anticipate the arrival of a wide variety of industries, such as mining, steel, agriculture, medicine, energy, real estate, and more.”
Setting up base
The most ambitious vision for lunar exploration is ESA's Moon Village. While still just a concept, it would promote collaboration between national space agencies and private companies with the goal of building a permanent base. “You can look at it as a lab for learning how to live off-planet,” says Foing. “Then we can really become a multi-planet civilization.”
Multi-dome lunar base being constructed, based on the 3D printing concept. Once assembled, the inflated domes are covered with a layer of 3D-printed lunar regolith by robots to help protect the occupants against space radiation and micrometeoroids. ESA / Foster + Partners
Foing says one of the best places to build a base might be be at the Lunar South Pole. High elevations there get almost year-round sunlight, which means it should be relatively easy to generate plentiful solar power. And the pole's permanently shadowed craters are believed to hold large deposits of ice, which could be melted for drinking water and split using electrolysis to provide oxygen for astronauts to breathe and hydrogen to use as rocket fuel.
The water could also be used to irrigate crops in lunar greenhouses. A 2014 study by Dutch scientists showed that carrots and tomatoes can grow in soil similar to the dusty, rocky soil (regolith) that covers the moon.
Lunar soil may also prove useful as a building material. ESA has successfully used simulated lunar soil to 3D print a 1.5-ton building block. “The huge advantage of 3D printing is you don't have to take all the parts from Earth,” says Mark Hopkins, CEO of the Washington, D.C.-based National Space Society.
Hopkins says robots remotely operated from Earth or lunar orbit will build basic habitats and other infrastructure before humans arrive, adding that the habitats would likely be buried under several feet of soil to shield inhabitants from cosmic rays and solar flares.
Moon life
Foing expects that by 2030 there will be up to 10 astronauts on the moon, each spending six months before returning to Earth. What exactly will they be doing? In addition to exploring the environment and building a base, they say, they'll likely be conducting experiments to gauge the effect of reduced gravity (the moon has one-sixth the gravitational attraction as Earth) on plants, animals, and humans.
Mining is likely to be another major activity. Ice is a valuable commodity in space, and the moon is also thought to have major deposits of iron, titanium, and other metals. Given the reduced gravity, launching a heavy load from the moon takes only one-twentieth as much energy as launching the same load from Earth. Thus mined materials could be used to supply missions to Mars or to refuel satellites to extend their operational lifespans. As Hopkins puts it, “The moon will be a good gas station."
Moon life will be tough. There would be strict limits on time outdoors to limit radiation exposure, Hopkins says, adding that lunar dust is so sharp and sticky that it rapidly degrades equipment and could be dangerous if inhaled.
Isolation would be another challenge. Spaceflight is inherently dangerous, and if a medical emergency or some other crisis arose on the moon, help from Earth would take three days to arrive. On the other hand, moon dwellers would be able to communicate with people back home with only a minor delay and have internet access as well. “You'll still be able to check Facebook,” Hopkins says.
Lunar bases presumably would be governed by the 1967 Space Treaty, which prevents nations from claiming sovereignty over lunar territory or using it for military purposes. And the treaty says any space mission, whether public or private, is the responsibility of the nation launching it. Foing says that makes sense for the foreseeable future, as it promotes international cooperation and helps ensure that lunar development won't be left to profit-driven companies.
But Hopkins says that as lunar outposts give way to larger commercial operations and permanent settlements, the treaty may need to be modified. Ultimately, they say, lunar colonists might decide that self-determination is best. “They might say we are a lot more similar than these crazy guys on Earth,” they say. “Let's tell them to get lost and set up our own country on the moon.”
The Rob Gronkowski retirement talk is gaining steam It appears Rob Gronkowski had been toying with the idea of permanently hanging up their cleats long before the Patriots fell to the Eagles in Super Bowl LII. The 28-year-old...
Other Patriots coordinator shows why NFL laughs at McDaniels Josh McDaniels cannot leave Bill Belichick's shadow, while Matt Patricia is running from it. In their introductory press conference with the Lions on Wednesday, Patricia said they do not want...
Patriots' McDaniels mess could be a big win for the Jets If you're a Jets fan and you noticed a small ray of hope flashing before your eyes in the past few days, it came from a sliver of a fissure...
The theories that explain Josh McDaniels' abrupt Colts exit Less than 12 hours after Josh McDaniels spurned the Colts to stay in New England, the fallout is still falling. The reason behind the decision remains a bit of a mystery,...
Josh McDaniels' Bill Belichick-like move leaves more questions When the Patriots traded Jimmy Garoppolo to the 49ers in October for what amounted to a song (a second-round draft pick), they curiously rid themselves of what appeared to be...
Malcolm Butler's ex-teammate hints that weed, curfew led to benching Malcolm Butler's defender is back with a more scandalous version of their story. Butler's former Patriots teammate, Brandon Browner, followed up their social media post ripping Bill Belichick for benching...
The Patriots have just entered the great unknown MINNEAPOLIS — The green and white confetti was still on the field at U.S. Bank Stadium when the questions about next year began for the Patriots. The future is cloudy...
Ex-Patriot roasts Bill Belichick over bizarre decision Brandon Browner was as confused as the rest of us, and a lot more angry. The former Patriots cornerback — and apparent New York Post reader — teed off on...
The Super Bowl broke the scoreboard MINNEAPOLIS — If you enjoy seeing the ball move up and down the field, you loved Super Bowl LII. The Eagles' 41-33 victory over the Patriots was a yardage orgy,...
Give up on 'Gypsy', Barbra Streisand Ready or not, here comes Barbra. A new film version of the classic 1959 musical “Gypsy,” starring Barbra Streisand, might finally happen. Variety reports that STX Entertainment is in “advanced...
A thin line between love & hate for Laurents & Sondheim There's nothing more bracing on a hot summer day than sipping an ice-cold martini while reading Stephen Sondheim's letters to Arthur Laurents on the subject of their flop musical “Anyone...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
New EON AVR Platform functionality allows instant creation of Augmented Reality annotations for physical objects and environments linked to location aware AR Knowledge Injections supported by Artificial Intelligence and IOT
IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - EON Reality Inc., the world leader in Virtual Reality based knowledge transfer for industry, education, and edutainment, announces new EON AVR Platform functionality that will enable non-technical users to create Augmented Reality (AR) Knowledge Injections by attaching AR 3D Annotations to physical objects and environments in the real world supported by EON IoT sensor data, EON Geo positional tracking, and EON AI.
Workers and students are provided detailed AVR guidance on how to complete a complex task through visual cues and instructions. If they encounter problems, users can refer back to AVR instructions or connect, using EON Coliseum, with remote experts to get real-time assistance, with VOIP or live camera feed from the user's device.
"Global organizations and governments need to improve productivity in order to cope with large turnover in the workforce due to age and the lack of trained labor," said Dan Lejerskar, Chairman of EON Reality. "This situation requires new ways of working that boosts job skills in order to address these employment gaps. EON AVR Knowledge Injection functionality accomplishes this by delivering the right knowledge at the right time. This knowledge is delivered in a visual AVR format, directly in the users line of sight, leaving the user's hands free. This improves efficiency, productivity, and quality by combining the capabilities of man and machine."
The connection between Augmented Reality annotations and the physical world is achieved through AI based image recognition, for normal tablets and smartphones, or the 3D scanning capability of more sophisticated devices, such as Google Tango or HoloLens. EON Reality plans to unveil customer projects based new EON AVR knowledge injection functionality during the first half of 2017.
This functionality will, for example, allow a worker to create, on demand, augmented reality annotations linked to the physical factory equipment where they have identified a malfunction. This annotation can be text, voice, video and, if available, the corresponding EON AVR object to facilitate a manufacturing, maintenance, repair, or operation procedure. Additionally, the worker can receive related AI processed IoT data that gives more detailed information on the malfunction than a gauge or standard instrumentation would.
With the new AR Knowledge Injection, a teacher or a student can prepare an AR Biology and AR Physics Lab and link it, on the spot, to physical objects in the classroom. Annotations can enrich these AR labs with text, voice, video or objects from the EON AVR library, in subjects such as Chemistry or Physics.
"At EON Reality, we do not believe in a dystopian future in which AI and machines displace workers and dramatically increase income disparity," said Mats Johansson, CEO and President of EON Reality. "We believe that AVR Knowledge Injections, will create a symbiotic relationship between humans and smart machines that augment a worker's skills and improve performance, increase safety, and raise worker and student satisfaction. This combination of man and machine will outperform either working alone."
About EON Reality
EON Reality is the world leader in Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR) based knowledge transfer for industry, education, and edutainment. EON Reality's success is tied to its belief that knowledge is a human right and should be available, accessible, and affordable for every human on the planet. To carry this out, EON Reality, since 1999, has developed the de-facto standard for Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality based knowledge transfer software that supports devices from mobile phones to large immersive domes. EON Reality's global app development network, with twenty-two locations worldwide, has created the world's leading AR/VR library for knowledge transfer with over 7,000 applications. Over 36 million people worldwide have downloaded these applications. For further information, visit www.eonreality.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136039/Images/avr-knowledge-injection-5daef54d9b939b609d89b6aa08ca417b.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136039/Images/ar-3d-annotation-2795c8b1ac418cdfba4a65bebea62fa3.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136039/Images/eeavr-kids-lab-534ed5691cfdb2fe889c84c9f02c6265.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136039/Images/EON_AI_Picture1-14c87098c636b0bfa7f7e1782ed16f4b.jpg
Embedded Video Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxNN7uo_xjA
A Jupiter-Saturn link on your birthday indicates that material success can be yours this year, IF you know what it is you are aiming for and IF you have a clear plan to take you from where you are now to where you want to be. So get busy!
Your browser does not support iframes.
Black Tony just saw “Friday After Next” for the first time, and realized Rickey Smiley was in the movie! As they prepare to execute their next master plan, they tell Rickey what their favorite part of the film. Click on the audio player to hear more in this exclusive clip from “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: Why Black Tony Had To Fundraise Over $17,000 From Alabama [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Black Tony Cleaned Himself Into A Corner [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: How Did Black Tony End Up In A News Helicopter? [EXCLUSIVE]
The Latest:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MILAN — A lone Italian gunman wounded six African immigrants in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree Saturday in a small Italian city where just days earlier a Nigerian man was arrested in the gruesome killing of a teenager, officials said.
The shooting suspect was identified as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record. Traini had run on a list for the anti-migrant Northern League party in a local election last year in the town of Corridonia, but the party lost. The news agency ANSA quoted friends as saying they had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
A video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where they apparently fled their car on foot. Italian news reports said a gun was found inside the car and that the suspect did a Fascist salute as they were arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme as Italy struggles with a wave of the migrant arrivals.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that six foreigners, all black, were wounded in the shooting spree, one with life-threatening injuries.
“They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection,” Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases two days after they walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
The Italian news agency ANSA reported that the black car used in Saturday's shooting spree had been seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived. While the shooter was still active, police told residents to stay inside and ordered public transport halted.
The head of the rebranded League, Matteo Salvini, had capitalized on the teen's killing in campaign appearances for Italy's March 4 general election even before the shooting on Saturday.  They are pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in their first year in office if their party wins control of parliament and they are named premier.
Salvini's League, which dropped the “northern” from its name in a bid for a national following, has joined a center-right coalition with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Giorgia Meloni's much smaller Brothers of Italy. They are running against Matteo Renzi's much-splintered Democratic Party and the populist 5-Star Movement.
Salvini told reporters at a campaign stop in Bologna on Saturday that they would bring security to Italy if elected.
“Whoever shoots is a delinquent, no matter the skin color. It is clear that out-of-control immigration … brings social conflict,” they said.
Senate president Pietro Grasso, who is fielding a small liberal party called “Free and Equal,” chastised Salvini for using a tragedy for electoral gain.
“Whoever, like Salvini, exploits news events and tragedies for electoral purposes is among those responsible for the spiral of hatred and violence that we must stop as soon as possible,” Grasso said.
On Pay Parity In Bollywood
"Investing money in a film is directly co-related to the people you are bringing to the theatre. I'm not delusional that the same number of viewers who go to watch Varun's movies will come to see my work. They have a wider reach than me."
Alia Bhatt Hits The Nail Right In The Head!
"That's why I can't expect that the same amount of money, which is invested in their solo-starrers, is invested in mine, too. Also, it's the subject that makes a film viable. We can't be categorical about everything because every actor and movie is different."
When Asked If They Are Okay To Reduce Them Fees
"Never say never, but I won't let go of a movie that I like because of remuneration."
Money Is Not Everything
"I'll find a way around it. I'll still do it because the emotional attachment to my work is way more than the monetary one," they summed it up to DNA.
On The Work Front
Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for their upcoming movies Gully Boy, Kalank and Brahmastra. All the three movies are scheduled to hit the theatres in 2019.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Baby, it's cold outside! The winter weather is a hard adjustment for everyone, but it can be especially rough on pets.
Snow, rain, ice and a temperature swinging forecast could put your fur-babies at risk this holiday season.
While people typically bundle up to face the elements, we often forget our four-legged friends don't have the luxury of layering on waterproof boots, warm hats and toasty mittens without our help.
The Humane Society has a few tips to protect your pets during Florida's chilly time.
Keep pets sheltered. Don't leave furry friends outdoors when the temperature drops. Bundle up. Just like humans, exposed skin on dog noses, ears and paw pads are at risk for frostbite and hypothermia during extreme cold snaps. Gain a winter body. Pets who spend significant time outdoors on walks need more to eat in the winter since keeping warm depletes energy. Protect outdoor animals. Cars are one of many hazards to small animals — warm engines in parked cars attract cats and small wildlife, who may crawl up under the hood. To avoid injuring any hidden animals, bang on your car's hood to scare them away before starting your engine. Speak out. If you encounter a pet left in the cold, find the owner or an animal service to let them know you're concerned.
You can share photos of your bundled buddies on our WFLA News Channel 8 Facebook page.
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
President Donald Trump is planning to announce their nominee for the Supreme Court next week. And betting enthusiasts are putting their money on Amy Coney Barrett, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh District. According to OddsShark, a platform that combines betting information from various sites, Barrett is the clear favorite.
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2018
Here's what you need to know.
Amy Coney Barrett Quickly Shot Up on the Short List and Betters Paid Attention
Amy Coney Barrett is now favored to be Trump's next Supreme Court nominee (Bovada): Amy Coney Barrett +165
Brett Kavanaugh +225
Raymond Kethledge +300
Joan Larsen +750
Amul Thapar +800
Thomas Hardiman +900
Mike Lee +2000
William Pryor +5000
Britt Grant +5000
Don Willett +5000 — OddsShark (@OddsShark) July 4, 2018
According to the numbers, Barrett still has less than a 50% chance of becoming the Supreme Court nominee. But gamblers believe them to be the front-runner, and are willing to put their money on them
OddsShark tweeted the aggregated list seen above. Here's how these numbers work: the plus sign next to the candidate's name indicates how much money you would win on a $100 wager. If you bet $100 on Barrett and they become the nominee, then you would win $165. An even higher number points to the underdog. If President Trump suddenly switched course and nominated William Pryor, Britt Grant or Don Willett, then those betters stand to win $5,000 on a $100 wager. Brett Kavanaugh and Raymond Kethledge are just behind Barrett in terms of odds.
Interestingly, gamblers have a decent track record recently of predicting outcomes. In the weeks leading up to the 2016 election, political polls suggested that Hillary Clinton would win. It is illegal to place bets on elections here in the United States, but bookies across the pond were actively taking bets on the American election for several months leading up to November 2016. A London-based gambling house run by William Hill brought in more than $6 million in bets. About 70% of those participants put their money on Donald Trump; of course, they turned out to be right.
Amy Coney Barrett Has Already Won Votes From Senate Democrats
Barrett is still new to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. They were confirmed on October 31, 2017, earning 55 votes, after facing tough questioning about their Catholic faith . Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-California) focused on how Barrett's faith might impact future rulings, especially on abortion . The senator touched on the issue of Roe v. Wade, saying “You're controversial because many of us who have lived our lives as women really recognize the value of finally being able to control our reproductive systems, and Roe entered into that, obviously. You have a long history of believing that your religious beliefs should prevail.”
Feinstein was criticized for possibly creating a religious litmus test to be on the Supreme Court. But Barrett aptly handled the questioning. “I would commit, if confirmed, to follow unflinchingly all Supreme Court precedent.” Them response also included, “I would stress that my personal church affiliation or my religious belief would not bear on the discharge of my duties as a judge.”
Barrett earned “yes” votes from all of the Republicans on the panel. They also won support from Democratic senators Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Tim Kaine of Virginia and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Donnelly and Manchin also supported Neil Gorsuch's confirmation to the Supreme Court last year.
Trump May be Intrigued By the Idea of Appointing a Woman
If nominated and confirmed, Amy Barrett would be just the fifth woman in history to serve on the Supreme Court. President Trump would join Ronald Reagan in the history books; Trump would become one of only two Republican presidents to nominate a woman to the high bench. President Reagan nominated the very first woman to serve on the Supreme Court, Sandra Day O'Connor. Current justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan were all nominated by Democratic presidents.
Barrett's age may also be an enticing factor. At just 46 years old, they are the youngest nominee among the top contenders. President Trump is looking for a reliably conservative choice who will be able to impact court decisions for several decades. The other judges' ages are as follows:
• Brett Kavanaugh: 53
• Raymond Kethledge: 51
• Joan Larsen: 49
• Amul Thapar: 49
• Thomas Hardiman: 52
President Trump has said they like to make decisions based on instinct and whether they get along with the person. Before the historic meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un, Trump said they would know within the first minute whether they would be able to negotiate with Kim. The same may be said of their next Supreme Court choice. Judge Amy Coney Barrett appears to have a sense of humor, and that could suggest they would get along with the commander-in-chief.
They have tweeted only a handful of times, but on July 1 Barrett responded to a post that seemed to joke that Trump would only pick someone who has a Twitter account. Barrett's response was, “Good thing I created this account then.” The tweet was deleted on July 4th.
One person was arrested for punching a police officer. NBC 7's Ramon Galindo has the story.
Three people were arrested Saturday when a group of demonstrators who believe San Diego's Chicano Park discriminates against non-Latinos was met with a large crowd of counter-protesters in Barrio Logan.
The rally, dubbed the Patriot Picnic, started at the San Diego Convention Center Saturday morning. Patriot Picnic organizer, Roger Ogden, described the gathering as a demonstration against the Chicano Park's "discrimination" and "radical political theme."
The group of about a couple-dozen demonstrators then marched through Barrio Logan to Chicano Park, located underneath Coronado Bay Bridge on Logan Avenue, where they were met by hundreds of park supporters. In all, about 700 people were present, SDPD said.
Three people were arrested during the demonstrations, one for possession of a billy club and one for resisting arrest. A third person was arrested for punching a police officer in the face, SDPD said.
Barricades were put in place to separate groups, SDPD said. About two blocks of Logan Avenue, between Cesar E. Chavez Parkway and Evans Street, was shut down during the demonstrations.
The first Patriot Picnic rally was held in September 2017. Counter-demonstrators believe the picnics have racial undertones, a claim that Ogden denies.
Chicano Park in its current form dates back to the 1970s, when San Diego residents occupied Chicano Park in a successful effort to prevent the construction of a California Highway Patrol substation on the land where the City of San Diego had promised to build a park for the community. The park has served as a symbol to the predominantly Mexican-American community that makes up Barrio Logan since.
The park was designated a National Historic Landmark in January 2017 because it depicts a broad range of America's rich, complex history, according to the U.S. Department of Interior.
Ogden believes that the park's depiction of the Chicano Civil Rights Movement, through painted murals and flags, is part of what makes the park discriminatory to other groups.
This is a developing story and details may change as information becomes available.
Image caption Alex Holliday was among 30 students and four staff members on the trip
An aspiring teenage athlete has died suddenly in their sleep while on an organised school trip to Cuba.
Alex Holliday, 15, who was a Year 10 student at Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School in Faversham, Kent, was studying marine ecology in Havana.
They died in their hotel room during the early hours of Friday following what is believed to have been "a medical episode from which they did not recover".
Their family said they were "gentle, kind and always funny and full of life".
Alex was among 30 students and four staff members on the trip, which had been nearing its conclusion. They had been due to return home later on Monday.
Live: More news from Kent
Head teacher David Anderson described them as "a quiet and determined young man with a wonderful sense of humour".
'Rising star'
"He enjoyed all aspects of school life and was making good academic progress."
Mr Anderson said the teenager's "great passion" was athletics.
"He was a rapidly improving middle distance runner and their contributions to the school athletics and cross-country teams will be sorely missed," they said.
Alex also trained outside school with the Invicta East Kent Athletic Club, in Canterbury, where they were "seen as a rising star", Mr Anderson added.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is searching for a suspect following an investigation into a stolen vehicle.
The search is happening on the city's west side near Rockville Road and Gasoline Alley.
Police said the suspect stole an idling car from a newspaper delivery man at a White Castle near Lynhurst Drive and Washington Street.
Police say the suspect led officers on a chase that lasted for about a mile heading east on Washington Street, then bailed out of the vehicle and took off on foot.
IMPD has an active perimeter in a neighborhood in the area as the search for the suspect continues. K-9 units are also on the scene.
No one has been injured as a result of this chase.
Photo by Mondadori Portfolio via Getty Images(LONDON) — While overseas promoting their latest film, Ready Player One, Steven Spielberg dropped another pop culture-related bombshell: a fifth Indiana Jones film will get underway next April. And yes, Harrison Ford will be back in the title role.
Spielberg revealed the news at the Empire Awards in London Sunday night, where they picked up a Legend Of Our Lifetime Award. According to Empire Online, he's excited to shoot the next Indy adventure in the U.K.
The famed director gave a special shoutout to film crews across The Pond, noting, “It's always worth the trip when I get to work with this deep bench of talent coming out of the U.K. The actors, and the crew, the chippies [carpenters], the sparks [electricians], the drivers — everybody who has helped me make my movies here, and will continue helping me make my movies here…”
The fifth adventure in the $2-billion-grossing Indiana Jones franchise has a release date of July 20, 2020. The film will be produced by Lucasfilm, which, like ABC News, is owned by Disney.
The last installment in the franchise, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, was panned by many fans upon its 2008 release, but went on to gross nearly $790 million worldwide.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Maryam Abacha Children and Women Hospital, Sokoto has successfully conducted advanced vagina reconstruction surgeries on three women with Vesico Vaginal Fistula. Vaginal reconstruction is the creation of a new or artificial vagina after surgery to remove part or the entire vagina; it is also used as a treatment for vaginal cancer. Sokoto state Commissioner […]
The post Hospital conducts three vagina reconstruction surgeries in Sokoto appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Video
When the motive for a massacre is unknown, victims face a different kind of trauma.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Mansfield Town's seven-match unbeaten run in, a run which had taken them into the League Two play-off places, ended in disappointing style at Crawley Town on Saturday.
Goals from substitutes Joe McNerney and Ibrahim Meite were enough for Harry Kewell's side to consign Steve Evans' charges to a 2-0 defeat at Evans' former club.
Match action from Mansfield Town's 2-0 defeat at Crawley
It dropped Mansfield down to ninth, out the play-off places on goal difference.
Related articles
Full match report
Steve Evans unhappy with their players after defeat
How the Stags players rated in defeat
Can you spot a familiar face in our fans gallery?
Opinion: Stags are still well placed ahead of busy Christmas
This review brought to you by…
Review by Dustin Butyorak
Score: 8/10
Local artist Merce Lemon is a hesitant explosion on their gem of a first-year student release. Well equipped with stark, quirky insights into life and a rejuvenatingly mellow sound, “Ideal Light” is easily comparable to landmark artists such as Kimya Dawson and Frankie Cosmos. This is understandable as Kimya would stay with Merce's parents after Pittsburgh performances! Merce functions effortlessly as a solo entity on some tracks (“Love Me or Leave Me”, “Corners of Bedrooms”) while exploring an honestly incredible full band sound on others (“Do You See This It Is Rough”, “For Sophia”, “Johnny When He's Sweet and John For All the Rest”). Don't do yourself a disservice; check this album out. Not only is the raw emotion and clean melodies in Merce's music noteworthy, as an artistic starting point this album is a promise of many good things to come. The fact that Merce is a queer artist in a scene with ever-growing demand for equal representation is only the cherry on top. Though Merce's distinct and unifying sound ties this album together, “Ideal Light” is a sampler platter of many delicious sounds. I'm interested to see what their next full length effort brings, but whatever it may be I'll be sure to snatch up a serving as soon as I can.
This review was edited by Thomas Troyan of the WPTS Editorial Board. You can follow Dustin on Instagram @duhster_
Listen here…
Marvin Odum said Houston's most immediate challenge include removing debris piled on neighborhood lawns across the city, repairing infrastructure and making sure recovery money goes to building a more resilient Houston that can better weather future natural disasters
As Houston confronts the immediate and long-term crisis created by Hurricane Harvey, it's turning once again to an oilman.
The choice of former Shell president Marvin Odum to advise the mayor on storm recovery efforts reflects Houston's history as a Texas oil town, long before it became the nation's fourth-largest city with a sprawling mix of skyscrapers and multiethnic strip malls on the Gulf of Mexico.
Several oil companies are headquartered in Houston, and oil money helped build its downtown, its priciest neighborhoods and its cultural centers.
One of the biggest challenges facing Odum, a native Houstonian, in their job as recovery officer will be pushing Houston away from its roots as a city that's long chosen development over conservation, paving over critical wetlands to make way for new buildings. Some advocates working on those causes wonder whether someone from the city's most powerful interest can get leaders to make better choices for the future.
“The decisions that Houston makes about how it develops in the future are going to be decisions that affect businesses, and I hope that a business person can make those tough calls,” said Brian Zabcik, an advocate at the group Environment Texas.
Houston has flooded each of the last three years, and while Harvey caused unprecedented damage in many neighborhoods, storms in 2015 and 2016 also displaced people and destroyed hundreds of homes. And Houston's proximity to the Gulf of Mexico, combined with the effects of climate change, make it a certainty that life-threatening weather will remain a threat.
The problem has worsened because Houston lost a third of its wetlands in the last three decades, reducing places for rainwater to settle before flooding.
In announcing Odum's appointment, Mayor Sylvester Turner acknowledged the city has to change how it develops and that it has to invest in mitigation projects that could cost billions of dollars. They said they hoped Odum would help create change and not just produce “a report” telling them what to do.
“There will be another storm. That is very, very clear,” Turner said. “The question will be whether or not we will take advantage of this moment to put us in a better position for the next storm that certainly will come.”
Turner cited Odum's experience at Shell, where they worked more than 30 years and rose to president of the Dutch conglomerate's North American operations.
Odum led Shell through a disaster of similar magnitude, the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, when an offshore rig owned by BP exploded and killed 11 people. Millions of gallons of oil spewed into the Gulf for 87 days, destroying wildlife and disrupting the lives of thousands of people along the coast. The U.S. government ordered a moratorium on deep-water drilling in the Gulf for six months, shutting down a major element of Shell's business.
Under Odum's leadership, Shell sent its experts and equipment to help respond to the spill, said Bill Tanner, the company's former head of media relations. Shell was among the first companies to be allowed to resume deep-water drilling almost a year after the spill.
Tanner said they watched Odum meeting with several executives of rival oil companies before they testified before Congress about the spill, in a hearing carried on national television. They said they saw Odum's efforts to “bring down tensions” between the executives with a low voice.
“He brings a calming influence to otherwise chaotic situations, and they do so with a great deal of decorum and tact,” Tanner said.
Turner said Odum was preparing to start a new business venture when they called asking for help, and that Odum put aside that venture. Odum will not receive a salary in their new position. They have an office at City Hall and is already taking meetings with city departments and officials from other agencies, including John Sharp, who was appointed the state's recovery czar.
At the news conference announcing their appointment, Odum stood to Turner's side and deferred to the mayor on most questions. They declined an interview request from The Associated Press, but in written responses to questions sent by email, said they were working “nearly around the clock” already.
They say that while the city already has “very strong capabilities,” Harvey has presented challenges on a “vastly different scale.”
Odum said Houston's most immediate challenge include removing debris piled on neighborhood lawns across the city, repairing infrastructure and making sure recovery money goes to “building a more resilient Houston that can better weather future natural disasters.”
They did not specify how the city would accomplish that. But people who have studied Houston's flood control system — a network of bayous and reservoirs that are meant to drain a city built on flat terrain — say much of it is decades old and in dire need of expansion. City and county officials have also talked about buying out homeowners in areas that are especially prone to flooding.
“These are not easy choices and it will be critical to include a broad spectrum of interests,” Odum said.
Houston and the rest of the Texas Gulf Coast are expected to receive tens of billions of dollars in federal disaster funding, with more help coming from state government and nonprofit groups.
But how that money is spent and whether city officials can affect change remains to be seen.
“He knows what it takes,” said Kara Cook, toxics program director at the Texas Public Interest Research Group. “Is they going to hold their former colleagues accountable to new regulations, and to better prepare Houston for disasters?”
___
Follow Merchant on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/nomaanmerchant.
British blue-chip stocks rose Monday, outperforming other major European benchmarks as the pound remained under pressure.
London's leading stock benchmark, the FTSE 100, was trading at around two-week highs as bank shares bulked up.
How markets are moving: The FTSE 100 index UKX, +0.58% moved 0.6% higher to 7,438.83, led by the financial and consumer goods sectors. On Friday, the benchmark jumped 1%, logging its biggest gain since Nov. 28, according to FactSet data. For the whole of last week, the FTSE 100 moved up 1.3%.
The pound GBPUSD, -0.1345% bought $1.3373, down from $1.3384 in New York late Friday. During that session, the U.K. currency lost the $1.35 handle.
Against the euro, sterling GBPEUR, -0.3606% on Monday fetched €1.1375, compared with €1.1368 on Friday.
As for U.K. bonds, the 10-year gilt yield TMBMKGB-10Y, -3.23% fell 2 basis points to 1.254%, according to Tradeweb. Yields fall when prices rise.
What's moving markets: The pound was extending its losses made Friday. Analysts have attributed the fall in sterling to expectations that the U.K. government will make progress on its Brexit proposals ahead of the meeting of European Union leaders on Thursday and Friday.
A drop in sterling typically bolsters shares of multinational companies that make most of their earnings overseas. A weak pound can boost profits once they are converted from other currencies into sterling.
Traders are also looking ahead to monetary policy updates from central banks later in the week, with releases due from the Bank of England and the European Central Bank on Thursday. Before that, the U.S. Federal Reserve will make its announcement on Wednesday, with an interest rate increase of a quarter of a percentage point expected.
The U.S. move is seen as giving a boost to bank stocks. The “likes of HSBC [are] already welcoming Wednesday's Fed rate hike, which may help sector peers,” said analysts at Accendo Markets.
What strategists are saying: “Investors seem reluctant to buy sterling as they view the next phase [of Brexit talks as] more complicated than the first,” said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, in a note. “I don't think the EU summit ... will reveal much, but blessings from EU leaders might lend some support to the pound.”
Banks gain: In the bank group, HSBC Holdings PLC HSBA, +1.90% HSBC, +1.13% rose 1.8%, Lloyds Banking Group PLC LLOY, +1.23% LYG, +3.13% added 0.7%, and Standard Chartered PLC STAN, +1.40% gained 1.9%. Barclays PLC BARC, +0.74% BCS, +2.24% picked up 0.3%, but Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC RBS, +0.57% RBS, +2.00% was fractionally lower.
Bank stocks jumped Friday after a long-awaited agreement on banking rules by global finance officials highlighted that most lenders hold a sufficient amount of capital.
HSBC may also be coming in for extra attention after the bank said Monday that its deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice has expired, and that the Justice Department will file a motion with the U.S. District Court seeking dismissal of the charges deferred by the agreement.
Stock movers: BAE Systems PLC BA., +0.72% picked up 1% after the defense contractor signed a deal valued around £5 billion ($6.68 billion) to supply 24 Typhoon aircraft to the Qatari Emiri Air Force. Delivery is expected to start in late 2022.
Kenyans take the honors in Boston Marathon
Boston, Apr 17 (EFE).- Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat were the winners here Monday in the respective men's and women's categories of the 121st Boston Marathon.
Kirui completed the course in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds.
Second place went to US Olympian Galen Rupp, with a time of 2:09:58. Japan's Suguru Osaki finished third at 2:10:28.
It was the first Boston Marathon for both Kirui and Galen, who took the bronze medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
With past victories in the Los Angeles, New York, and London marathons under their belt, the 37-year-old Kiplagat won the Boston event on their first try, posting a time of 2:21:52.
Rose Chelimo of Bahrain finished 59 seconds after the Kenyan, while US runners Jordan Hasay and Desiree Linden rounded out the top four.
VOLUSIA COUNTY, Fla. - An alligator out for a Sunday stroll stopped brought traffic to a halt outside of a Deltona, Florida school this weekend.
At first, Karl Miranda, said they aren't exactly sure what was causing cars to stop.
"As I got closer, I saw something huge and murky, grayish, on the asphalt there," Miranda said.
And there it was: a well-fed alligator lumbering past Deltona Middle School at around 7:30 p.m. Sunday.
Miranda said they travel the road in front of the school all the time and it's wide open spaces, especially on a Sunday evening.
So, they were surprised when they saw several cars and even more surprised when they saw why they were there.
"As I got closer, I saw it was a gator, and the closer I got, it was a big gator," Miranda said. "There were quite a few people who were a little bolder than me. It made me a little nervous, didn't want them to attract the gator coming my way."
Read more from WESH/NBC News.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
New Starbucks open on Randall Road in Elgin
hello
Just in time for those in need of a caffeine fix in the midst of the back-to-school mayhem, or those looking for an afternoon pick-me-up, a new Starbucks is open along the Randall Road corridor.
The coffee shop is located at 821 S. Randall Road in Elgin, in front of the Meijer store, just south of College Green Drive.
The Starbucks is on the east side of the road, making that caffeine stop a little easier for those heading northbound on the Randall Road corridor. However, the java stop is easily accessible with stoplights for commuters heading in either direction.
Marc Mylott, the director of community development for the city of Elgin, said the addition of the Starbucks as well as other retail businesses going up along the Randall Road corridor, is a sign of the ongoing interest in developing in the area.
"The continued strong interest and low vacancy rates in retail and service-oriented uses along the Elgin portion of Randall Road only underscores our story: Elgin is a wonderfully diverse and inclusive community to which persons continue to come to live, work, and recreate," Mylott said. "Retail and service uses follow people, and people are coming to Elgin."
The city of Elgin first granted Starbucks its building permit for this location on Dec. 12, 2016, said city of Elgin building official Raoul Johnston.
Construction began in March of this year, they said.
The building itself was completed just a few months later on June 22. The interior work then began in mid-June with a planned August opening date, they said.
The new Starbucks joins many others up and down the Randall Road corridor, on both the east and west side of the road, including others in Elgin and nearby South Elgin.
Stores closing:
As part of a nationwide closing of many Gymboree and Crazy 8 stores, the Randall Road corridor will be losing two of the popular children's clothing and accessory stores.
The Gymboree and Crazy 8 stores in Algonquin Commons are part of the closures across the country, which include more than 350 stores shutting their doors as part of the company's restructuring.
The Gymboree company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in June, and announced it would close many of its 1,281 stores. Crazy 8 is Gymboree's low-cost clothing company and also is part of the restructuring.
The Gymboree in Algonquin Commons is located at 2012 S. Randall Road, while the Crazy 8 store is just to the north at 1958 S. Randall Road. Both stores are having sales and discounts on merchandise leading up to the closings.
According to store employees, the Crazy 8 store is set to close around the end of September, while the Gymboree store will close when everything has been sold.
The stores sell clothes for infants and younger children, as well as accessories, shoes and more to go along with them.
• Amy Williams' column covers all the news of business along the Randall Road corridor from Batavia to Crystal Lake. Contact them at randallbiz@comcast.net or (847) 894-5036.
Alleged Russian Hacker Arrested in Spain at U.S. Request
An alleged Russian hacker has been detained in Spain at the request of American authorities, an arrest that set cybersecurity circles abuzz after a Russian broadcaster raised the possibility it was linked to the U.S. presidential election.
Pyotr Levashov was arrested Friday in Barcelona on a U.S. computer crimes warrant, according to a spokesperson for Spain's National Court, who spoke on condition of anonymity in line with court rules.
Such arrests aren't unusual -- American authorities typically try to nab Russian cybercrime suspects abroad because of the difficulty involved in extraditing them from Russia -- but Levashov's arrest drew immediate attention after their wife told Russia's RT broadcaster that they were linked to America's 2016 election hacking.
RT quoted Maria Levashova as saying that armed police stormed into their apartment in Barcelona overnight, keeping them and their friend locked in a room for two hours while they quizzed their husband. They said that when they spoke to their husband on the phone from the police station, they told them they were told that they had created a computer virus that was "linked to Trump's election win."
Levashova didn't elaborate, and the exact nature of the allegations weren't immediately clear. Malicious software is routinely shared, reworked and repurposed, meaning that even a computer virus' creator may have little or nothing to do with how the virus is eventually used.
Levashov's name is familiar in cybercrime circles. They have been alleged to be spam kingpin Peter Severa, according to Brian Krebs, a journalist who has written extensively about the Russian cybercrime underworld, and Spamhaus , a group which polices spam.
Levashov themselves couldn't immediately be reached for comment, and officials did not say whether they had a lawyer
The U.S. Embassy in Spain declined comment. Russian Embassy spokesperson Vasily Nioradze confirmed the arrest but wouldn't say whether they were a programmer, as reported by RT. They wouldn't comment on the U.S. extradition order.
"As it is routine in these cases, we offer consular support to our citizen," they said.
The Spanish spokesperson said Levashov remains in custody.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Ransomware, Malware, Hacker, Russia
Since the S&P 500 began the rally we were expecting off the 1800 region in February 2016, we have been targeting this rally to strike at least the 2487 region before we saw a bigger pullback, as you can see from the larger target on our daily chart.
Over the last several months, I refined my target for this move up in the S&P 500 SPX, +1.00% to the 2487-2500 region, which is the lower end of that target box on the daily chart. And, for the last few weeks, I have been warning all those that were willing to listen that we were likely quite close to an intermediate-term market top, as I believed we were completing wave (3) noted on the chart.
Last week, the market struck a high of 2490 on the SPX, and reversed quite strongly. Moreover, the market struck this target region on technical indications that were flashing textbook signals for this wave (3) to be topping. This means that my primary perspective right now is that wave (3) has completed, and we have now entered into a wave (4) pullback. And, as alluded to in the title of this post, I am expecting to finally see some volatility come back into the market in the coming months.
Within that wave (4), a standard pullback follows an (a)(b)(c) corrective pattern, as noted on the charts. The (a) wave often targets the region of the .236 retracement of wave (3) (just below the 2400 region), whereas the (c) wave often targets the .382 retracement region of wave (3) (around the 2300 region). Based upon Elliott's rules of alternation, since wave (2) was only a three-week event, my expectation would be that wave (4) should take months.
Moreover, while I have annotated my chart with a standard (a)(b)(c) corrective pattern, it is quite possible that this wave (4) may even form a triangle, and potentially last into the Thanksgiving holiday. However, it is way too early to entertain that possibility, but I have noted it before, and want to at least put it on your radar screen.
Again, I want to warn you (and I will likely continue to repeat this warning) that fourth waves are the most variable and treacherous of all the Elliott Wave structures. That means they often take “unexpected” twists and turns, which can chop up even the best of traders. Therefore, knowing that you are in a 4thwave is powerful information, because it forces you to be much less aggressive in trading within this region. Moreover, it is also strongly suggested that you reduce your position sizing during this 4thwave structure, and take profits when you can, rather than allowing the market to turn on you and wiping those profits out.
My alerts and updates notified members quite well about my expectation of wave (3) concluding. Moreover, I provided my analysis which suggested we would likely be testing the 2440/50 support region on the SPX once we topped this past week. Yet, that was the easy part.
As we now move further into this fourth wave, the question I have on my mind is if we see a direct drop to the 2380-2400 region to complete the (a) wave early this week, or if we spend most of the week in a choppy b-wave rally before we drop down in a c-wave later this month to complete the (a) wave. The standard structures we see more often call for a b-wave rally, before we drop down to the 2400 region to complete the bigger (a) wave of (4). And, that b-wave rally can even make a higher high, so there is a possibility we may even still strike the 2500 region.
But, for now, I believe the higher probability target is the 2380-2400 region on the SPX to be struck within the month of August, with my preference being later this month, while recognizing it can happen as early as this week. Remember, there is only so much micro-guidance I can reasonably provide within a fourth-wave structure.
Now, before I leave you for the rest of the week, I want you to emotionally prepare for the bearish sentiment which will likely surround you as we move through this fourth wave. You will certainly hear from many analysts about how this bull market from 2009 is over. You will likely hear about impending market crashes again.
But I want you all to remain focused on the higher probability that this is only a multi-month pullback, which was quite expected by us, and the pattern which called for this pullback to occur at this time also suggests that the market is setting up a rally to 2600+ into 2018.
So, as they used to say in Jellystone Park, “Do Not Feed The Bears.”
See charts illustrating the wave counts on the S&P 500.
Avi Gilburt is an Elliott Wave technical analyst and author of ElliottWaveTrader.net, a live Trading Room featuring intraday market analysis on U.S. indexes, stocks, precious metals, energy, forex, and more, along with an interactive member-analyst forum and detailed library of Elliott Wave education.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Peeks Social Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: PEEK) ( OTCQB : KEEKF) is pleased to announce that Apple has approved a new version of the Peeks iOS app which includes the OfferBox, Direct Messenger, and various other improvements. All new features are currently available on iOS devices. The Android version will be released imminently.
The OfferBox allows users to create actionable incentives that can be distributed to viewers of livestreams and archived videos. All users have the ability to connect products or services from their own e-commerce websites or those of their affiliates or sponsoring brands. Digital products will be directly deliverable inside the Peeks app in an upcoming version. The Peeks service has the ability to monetize these Cost-Per-Action campaigns by charging a percentage of the gross sales price of items sold through the OfferBox, typically ranging from 5% to 12% on physical goods and 5% to 50% on digital goods. The OfferBox also has the ability to monetize the delivery of the incentives at a rate of $3.00 to $10.00 per thousand impressions.
An advanced version of the OfferBox is available for select approved merchants. These merchants will have the ability to leverage the Peeks internal e-commerce engine to deliver actionable incentives and process payments all within the Peeks eco-system. The Peeks service will charge between 2.5% and 5% per transaction for this feature on top of the Cost-Per-Action and Cost-Per-Impression fees.
The Company is now actively on-boarding merchants and influencers who will be participating in the OfferBox launch. The Company expects a healthy marketplace to evolve over the coming weeks which will include an array of products and services from multiple merchants.
"The OfferBox is one of the core flagship technologies of the Peeks social commerce roadmap and we are thrilled to deploy it to the growing service. Our team will now actively advance the OfferBox and the Peeks service as a whole by on-boarding our merchant partners and continuing to expand our influencer program," said Mark Itwaru, CEO of Peeks Social Ltd.
The release also includes the Direct Messenger feature which was designed to heighten daily usage by allowing users to interact outside of the livestream environment. Users can now message each other to ask questions about products or services being sold, enquire about content, or simply to interact.
The Peeks app can be downloaded in either the Apple or Google app stores, or by visiting www.peeks.com.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) has reviewed or accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this Release.
Forward-looking statements:
The information and statements in this news release contain certain forward-looking information relating to the implementation and functionality of certain e-commerce tools for the Peeks product, including the Company's expectations regarding pricing levels and fees. This forward-looking information is subject to certain risks and uncertainties and may be based on assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking information. Peeks Social Ltd.'s forward-looking information is expressly qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement. Except as required by law, Peeks Social Ltd. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking information.
Downfall of Toshiba, a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
By Kelsey Keener
Iron County Today
CEDAR CITY–Members of the SUU Entrepreneur Leadership Council hosted their third annual 90-Second Pitch Contest. The contest allowed SUU students interested in becoming entrepreneurs 90 seconds to pitch their product or business ideas to the ELC. This year, the council raised $3,500 to give to winners in order to aid their businesses.
Twenty-one business ideas were pitched to the ELC, including ideas such as unique clocks, virtual gravestones, affordable replacement car keys, clothing businesses and products for the outdoors. After each participant presented, six finalists were chosen and then given another 90 seconds to answer questions from the ELC.
The first place prize of $1,000 went to Spencer Crankshaw for their product: a self-leveling sleeping pad called Duoreposo. Second prize, $750, was given to Nikolas Betcher for Betchen Seats, comfortable bleacher seats to rent during sports events. MacKenzie Maness and Christine Esplin won third prize of $600 for their business: MacKenzie Dresses.
Evgenia Marushko was awarded fourth prize of $400 for their business, Tennis Recruiter, which will provide more affordable recruiting services for athletes outside of the US. Fifth place, $250, was given to John Young for their insulated hammock product idea. Kai Bradford received the sixth place prize of $200 for a program called Subscriber Bank, which will help customers keep their subscriptions in order and function as a credit card. The Audience Choice Award was given to Payton Wells for The Heart a Lion, a service that will vicarious adventures for sick children.
Rich Christiansen, a member of the ELC, said participants and winners of the contest received something beyond money as well.
“The money isn't the significant part,” they said. “This is going to be your conduit to get help with mentoring, help with progression, and help with your business idea.”
The Gupta family is considering their legal options after a group of 10 people protested the family's Shrimad Bhagwat Katha religious ceremony this weekend, their lawyer has said.
A group of ten people from Johannesburg Against Injustices (JAI) conducted a “small, silent protest” outside the Military Museum in Saxonwold on Sunday, where the Gupta-organised event was being held.
The family was looking into the circumstances around the protests at the event, which will run until Sunday, advocate Gert van der Merwe told News24.
“It is indeed on the table that people used this religious event to prevent other people from exercising their Constitutional Right of religious freedom,” Van Der Merwe said on Monday.
“Depending on the factual feedback I receive; who was there, if it was legal, who caused disruption and in what way, we will [consider legal options].”
However, Van Der Merwe said the family would only make a decision after it had got all the information, once the event concludes this Sunday.
“Keep in mind it's a week-long event, so it will be premature to take a decision now.
“You only have one bite of the cherry when you issue a summons, so I'll only be able to determine everything after [Sunday].”
‘Perpetual wrongdoers'
The JAI on Sunday said that, while they respected the rights of devotees to worship, the actions of the Gupta family were contrary to the teachings of Lord Krishna.
They called for the event to be boycotted.
“What we did today was not a march. What we had was a small, organised silent protest. There were only ten people, and we spread ourselves to different entrances, with our posters – which we had a right to have. That does not require permission,” said Peggy Pillay, one of the organisers.
The JAI described the Gupta family as “perpetual wrongdoers”, saying “they must not use religion to conceal their nefarious deeds or as some kind of public relations exercise to turn the tide of public opinion”.
Members of Black First Land First (BLF) came to the family's defence after JAI's protest began on Sunday, and interrupted the protesters.
BLF said they were there to protect the rights of the Guptas to celebrate their religion, and it would not stand for “agents of Rupert” interrupting the Guptas at their event.
Officers from the Parkview Police and Johannesburg Metro Police Department (JMPD) were called to the scene by one of the protesters who said they felt intimidated and claimed they were manhandled.
Police officers could not verify whether the protest was legal or not.
News24
Read: Guptas may face legal trouble for owning armoured vehicle to “escape from protesters”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Patriots' quarterback Tom Brady advocates for an "alkaline" diet to lower the blood's PH levels
From coffee enemas to alkaline diets, celebrities like Gwyneth Paltrow and Tom Brady are using their star power to sell dubious health treatments to the adoring masses. What's a scientist to do?
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady on Sunday hopes to break the record as the oldest quarterback to win the Super Bowl.
Brady, 40, is still at the top of their game. This season he's run 4,577 yards, scored 32 touchdowns, and led the Patriots to a spot in the championship game while nursing a hand injury.
Their secret? You'll have to buy their latest diet book, The TB12 Method, if you want to find out.
Brady advocates in the book that people eschew "nightshade" vegetables like aubergines (eggplants) and tomatoes, in favour of "alkalizing" and "anti-inflammatory" foods to lower the blood's PH and speed up muscle recovery.
But just because Brady may be the GOAT (greatest of all time) on the field, does not mean they are the greatest scientist of all time, says Tim Caulfield, a Canadian health policymaker and pseudoscience critic.
"There is almost no evidence to support this monk-like approach to eating," Caulfield wrote in an article .
"Brady's approach seems to be loosely based on the alkaline diet, which is the idea that you can control the pH of your blood through the food you eat. (Spoiler: you can't.) As noted in a 2016 systematic review of the relevant evidence, 'there is almost no actual research' to support the ideas behind the alkaline diet."
Caulfield, the government-appointed Canada Research Chair in health law and policy and the author of the book, Is Gwyneth Paltrow Wrong About Everything?, is part of a growing segment of scientists loudly critiquing celebrity health-guru culture online.
"Quackery," Caulfield says, has always been around. From sideshow elixirs to bloodletting, snake oils have always co-existed with evidence-based medicine.
"But what I think has happened right now has a bit of a different flavour to it."
As people become more science-literate, pseudoscience has adopted scientific language to justify itself, Caulfield says.
For instance, in a recent edition of Gwyneth Paltrow's newsletter, Goop, Paltrow praises an alternative treatment to Lyme disease that uses "quantum science to analyze varied aspects of a patient's health, including energetic aspects".
While one would be hard pressed to find an actual quantum physicist who believes that subatomic particles can treat a bacterial infection, Caulfield says that alluding to something as complex as quantum science can be powerfully persuasive.
"Because it is so complicated, it looks like it could explain anything," they say.
Another factor in the rise of quackery is the growing power of celebrity, they point out. With huge social media presences and the ability to appear on multiple platforms at once, celebrities are able to spread ideas broadly - and quickly.
Studies have shown how celebrity promotion can influence people's medical choices for good and bad. A 2017 study published in Health Service Research found that the number of women opting for a risk-reducing mastectomy increased after Angelina Jolie wrote an op-ed about their own procedure. Another study, published in 2017 in Prevention Science, found that sales for oral HIV testing kits went up after Charlie Sheen announced they were sick.
"Celebrities can keep ideas alive, they allow ideas to gain traction," Caulfield says.
Image copyright Matt Barnes / Peacock Alley Entertainment Image caption Tim Caulfield says we have to do more to fight pseudoscience online
People seem especially susceptible to pseudoscience when science fails to provide an easy answer, they say. Science does not promise certainty - only probability.
"Purveyors of these unproven treatments are offering simple answers, and they're offering comprehensive answers - 'This will fix you'," Caulfield says.
So what's an evidence-loving scientist to do? Ask Dr Jen Gunter, a California-based gynaecologist who uses their popular blog and active Twitter account to take on everyone from Gwyneth Paltrow to Donald Trump.
In posts on their own blog and in columns for the Guardian and the New York Times, Gunter implores women to ignore the latest celebrity-backed health trend.
"Coffee enemas and colonics offer no health benefit," they wrote after a Goop newsletter suggested one might help women rid their colons of "toxins" leftover from a cleanse.
More like this:
"The biology used to support these therapies is unsound and there can be very real complications. Keep the coffee out of your rectum and in your cup. It is only meant to access your colon from the top."
Gunter's profanity-laden wit has turned them into a kind of Amy Schumer-with-a-medical-degree, and has endeared them to some 67,000 followers on Twitter.
"I think the only way you can beat celebrity is with some degree of celebrity," they say, which means if scientists want to go after celebrity gurus like Paltrow and Brady, they will need to both entertain and inform.
Gunter's frequent attacks on Goop's lack of scientific underpinnings have not endeared them to Paltrow, who published a letter calling out Gunter by name.
"Since their first post, they have been taking advantage of the attention and issuing attacks to build their personal platform - ridiculing the women who might read our site in the process," wrote Goop's "contributing doctors".
In subsequent letters to the media, Goop was quick to point out they always carry a disclaimer that their articles are not "a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment, and should never be relied upon for specific medical advice".
Gunter is not the only one who has earned the ire of a health guru. Joe Schwarcz, who holds a PhD in chemistry and is the director for McGill University's Office for Science and Society, has gotten into heated arguments with alternative food blogger Vani Hari, known as "The Food Babe".
They advocate against all synthetic ingredients, often touting the motto, "if you can't pronounce it, it must be harmful".
Hari's attitude, Schwarcz says, is symptomatic of a misconception that they have been fighting for nearly 40 years - the association of natural with beneficial and synthetic with harmful.
"We spend most of our life trying to overcome the ravages of nature," they say, rattling off deadly substances like botulism, snake poison and malaria - all which occur in nature.
After Schwarcz was quoted in a New York Times article they felt was biased against her, Hari slammed Schwarcz and accused them of being funded by chemical companies.
"Based on their advocacy, one could say Dr Schwarcz hasn't met a chemical they don't like," they wrote on their own website.
Schwarcz denies receiving funding from the chemical industry to attack their work.
In 2005 they received funding from the Council of Biotechnology Information, which includes chemical-industry firms such as Monsanto and Dow, to pay for research interns.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Gwyneth Paltrow (far right) during a panel of In Goop Health, their alternative health conference
Vocal critics like Caulfield, Schwarcz and Gunter have also gained a level of popularity themselves.
Caulfield has published multiple books and hosts a television show. Schwarz hosts a science radio programme and is frequently interviewed by the media. Gunter has parlayed their blog into a New York Times column and is working on a book about women's health.
But Gunter says there is a world of difference between advocating for listening to medical experts and advocating for a person to delay cancer treatment to, say, start a course of "vitamin supplement therapy".
"Those are dangerous messages," Gunter says. "It pushes everybody a step back if people actually believe that."
By Jack Dodson
MACHIAS — Quaneysha Greeley, the 19-year-old suspect in the murder of Sally Shaw in Cherryfield this past July, pleaded not guilty to the murder charge at an arraignment in Machias on Friday.
The hearing follows a formal indictment of Greeley and 37-year-old Carine Reeves by a grand jury on Sept. 15.
Greeley and Reeves face mandatory minimum sentences of 25 years if found guilty of murder.
At Friday's hearing, defense attorney Jeff Davidson said there was an issue regarding discovery. A state regulation, according to Davidson, requires that discovery be filed during the defendant's initial hearing. Attorneys on both sides questioned whether that rule applied in a homicide case, as there are a large number of documents and a good deal of information for lawyers to dig through and build their case.
As of Friday, neither party in the case had submitted any discover materials. But Leane Zainea, Maine's assistant Attorney General, said they hoped that information would be filed within two weeks.
After state prosecutors submitted a motion with the court requesting blood and DNA samples from Greeley, defense lawyers asked Judge Harold Stewart II why the court would allow the discovery regulation be applied for the defense, but not for the state.
In other words, Davidson thought they shouldn't have to provide evidence that would help the state build a case against their client until they had a chance review the case against them and determine whether they should object to what's being requested.
“Here we are at arraignment, and we have not received a single document under Rule 16,” Davidson said, referring to the discovery regulation. “It's got to work both ways, judge … it's sort of shackling our ability to defend motions that are being filed.”
Zainea told the judge the amount of material was slowing down their team's process, but that detectives had finished compiling documents and were reviewing them before they filed. They said they were not intentionally delaying the process.
“As the court can imagine in this case, the discovery materials are quite voluminous,” Zainea said.
Nate Hodgkins, who is representing Greeley alongside Davidson, said in an interview after the hearing that there are apparently several thousand pages of evidence the state plans to turn over.
“We can't really do much without information,” they said. “We have none at this point.”
Stewart requested that when prosecutors file the discovery in the case, they notify the court. Zainea said they would.
Another issue that was raised was the status of Reeves' case. The state filed a motion of joinder in September, which was approved by the court, meaning Reeves and Greeley's two cases were combined into one.
The problem is that Reeves is also facing charges of assault and weapons offenses in New York. That could mean Greeley's case gets slowed down as they wait for Reeves to be extradited to Maine.
“The timing issue is somewhat significant for us,” Davidson said. “We certainly don't want to wait for them to have a trial in another state.”
Zainea said their office had been in contact with the office of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo about either speeding up their trial there or issuing an executive order that they be extradited to Maine.
“We are hoping to have them back in Maine promptly,” they told the judge.
“Do you think a month?” Stewart asked Zainea.
“Yes,” they said.
Davidson told the judge they were trying to figure out what was happening with Reeves so that they could know whether they need to file a motion requesting a speedy trial, which is protected in the Sixth Amendment of the United States Constitution.
In an interview afterward, they said they didn't want their client to sit in jail for years on end without being convicted while they wait for Reeves' case to be finalized in New York.
“If they get five years down there, we don't want to wait five years to try our case,” Davidson said.
Davidson and Hodgkins will not be the defense attorneys for Reeves in the trial portion of the case.
The court will meet again in November to determine scheduling and next steps. Davidson said this may just be a phone call, and how it plays out depends on whether they've received the state's discovery materials and whether Reeves has been transported to Maine.
A student at Manhattan's famed LaGuardia HS threatened to shoot up the school in a disturbing Instagram post Thursday night, according to police.
Bennett Lin, 17, a senior, was arrested at their home after posting an online poll asking if they “should shoot up the whole school tomorrow” around 10:45 pm.
Others who saw the startling message alerted cops, who made an arrest.
Officers vetted the renowned school – known for top flight arts programs and star-studded alumni list – and deemed it safe Friday.
There was no evacuation.
School officials issued a letter to parents and students to alerting them to the incident and reassured them that there was no threat.
Lin, of Queens, was arraigned Friday morning and issued a desk-appearance ticket.
“The threat was immediately reported to the NYPD and after conducting an investigation, they determined it was non-credible,” said DOE spokesperson Toya Holness. “The school followed protocol and families have been notified.”
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Zillow named the top ten most popular neighborhoods in Las Vegas (Zillow).
A recent analysis on a popular real estate website listed the top ten most popular neighborhoods in Las Vegas.
The list was compiled using the highest number of page views per listing on Zillow.com since the beginning of 2018, a media release said. Based on the data, Summerlin South ranked as the most popular neighborhood with 2,250 page views. Home buyers can expect to find properties with a median list price of $548,495 and an average of 2,538 square feet.
Next on the list was Summerlin North followed by The Lakes, Rancho Charleston, Buffalo, Sheep Mountain, Tule Springs, UMC, Centennial Hills and Enterprise.
Summerlin South lies adjacent to the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area in west Las Vegas.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Henderson Police arrested Edward Johnson Tuesday in connection to an April homicide, the department said.
Henderson Police arrested a man Tuesday in connection to an April homicide, the department said.
Edward Johnson, 22, was arrested Tuesday at around 8:15 a.m. after police responded to calls of a suspicious person breaking into vehicles.
Cooperative efforts of the Henderson Police Department and the Criminal Apprehension Team Identified Johnson as the suspect in a homicide of a man whose body was found April 17.
The body was found in a mobile home community on the 1800 block of Ward Drive. Police found the man's body inside a recreational vehicle and investigated the case as a homicide.
“This case exemplifies our officer's dedication to the residents of the City of Henderson and our commitment to work with local law enforcement agencies to bring a swift conclusion to such a violent crime,” Henderson Police Chief LaTesha Watson said.
Johnson was held at the Henderson Detention Center on charges of open murder, attempted grand larceny, attempting to buy/possess/receive stolen property and unlawful possession of a bludgeoning device.
"The Criminal Apprehension Team (CAT) is a Federal Bureau of Investigation led, multi-jurisdictional task force staffed in the LVMPD's Major Violators Bureau. It is comprised of FBI, LVMPD, Henderson and North Las Vegas Police Departments."
This was the third homicide investigated in Henderson in 2018.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
